Hey hi and hello to all my readers! I have been on hiatus for a long time from writing. I have been reading story after story all over the internet and still I could not get this idea out of my head. It took brief inspiration from an old story I wrote many years ago and has grown to be so much more! I wanted to have it mostly written before I posted so that I did not leave my wonderful readers with a WIP forever. Chaps 1 to 18 are written and I am diligently working on the last two to three! This week you get two chapters and will post once a week.Huge shout out to my amazing alpha the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) / karasunova (AO3). She has helped me so much with everything in this story and through the twists and turns of my crazy muse! Thanks to my awesome beta, The Muse of Apollo, for helped to clean everything up and get that grammar going! Reposting chapters 1 to 5 :)!Also huge thanks to ChristinaPotter09 and MrsRen for your feedback on the beginning/middle drafts of this story and for teaching me so much about how to write better! Last shout out to the Harmony and Co facebook group… this and the writers group have been so helpful and such a great place to share in this fandom and Harmony ship together!Presenting to you Sanguinis et Vincula Magicae - The Bonds of Blood and Magic.8/24 - reposted with betaed chap!Chapter 1The sun-kissed brunette walked down the block, a breakfast burrito in hand as she took in the magnificent view. She stopped in front of her bookstore to enjoy her last bite and watched the boats go by on their way to Sydney Harbor. Hermione had owned the Hidden Codex bookstore for the last four years. It grew from a small magical bookshop to one of the most popular for both the Magical and Non-Magical community. It stood magnificently on Queenscliff Head in Freshwater Australia, a quick fifteen kilometers from Sydney.Hermione breathed in the salty air, a smile forming on her face while the wind blew her hair around her. Her hair had tamed with age and all her beach time caused it to turn a golden brown. She ran her fingers through her hair and threw out her trash before walking into the store."Good morning, Janice." Hermione waved to her assistant manager as she walked behind the counter and put her purse into the cubby hole. Her phoenix tattoo that went down her arm winked at her and blew her a kiss, the deathly hallows symbol floated through the flames. She shook her head and tried to focus on her day ahead - Saturdays were always busy.A few hours passed as Hermione assisted customers. Hermione's mind was spacing out all day, she couldn't keep her focus. It was mid-afternoon and the doorbell rang as a familiar customer came in."Hey, Hermione, " Lisa exclaimed as she walked into the store. She was a force to be reckoned with and very particular.Janice grinned at Hermione and ducked around the corner. "I'll go stock the shelves."Hermione laughed and walked out from behind the counter to greet Lisa. "Good afternoon, Lisa. How can I help you?"Lisa might be particular, but she was loyal and always purchased at the Hidden Codex. Hermione had dealt with more demanding clients than Lisa, who just wanted what she wanted as soon as she asked for it."Well, I am looking for the Margaret Fulton Cookbook. Do you think you have it?"Hermione's eidetic memory went to work and she nodded. "Yes we do. I can grab the book for you.""Your brain is amazing, Hermione. If I didn't know better, I would say you use magic." Lisa laughed as she looked at all the trinkets by the cash register.Hermione laughed along and moved into the stacks of books. Oh, if only she knew. Hermione took a shortcut through the shelves of books lining the magical history section on her way to the cooking section. Her eyes glanced over the one copy of Hogwarts a History: Voldemort Battles Anthology. Her mind went to the invitation to the fifth-anniversary celebration which remained unopened on her desk. Every year of the anniversary had been a different experience for Hermione.The first anniversary was raw and was spent reliving intense flashbacks from the day. Thankfully her therapist was right by her side because of how traumatic that day had been for her. By the second anniversary, she was able to handle it on her own with no flashbacks. She held vigil by the fireplace for the day, crying and remembering all that had happened. She spent the third anniversary with her parents at the Sweet Shoppe, the emotions from the day no longer overwhelmed her, and she could function on a "normal" level. She and her parents ended the night with a bonfire on the beach, in memory of all those lost. She continued the same tradition in the fourth year, except she spent the day at the Hidden Codex. On today, the fifth anniversary, she had been torn on if she should go back to England. Time had won over. She had not read the letter yet, now she was spending the day in Australia.Lisa broke Hermione out of her thoughts by saying across the store, "Oh, Hermione you will never guess. Little Sammy is going to be participating in a cooking competition in a few weeks. She is trying to create some new recipes and thinks this book may help her and we all know Margaret Fullerton is the Queen of Aussie cooking. Oh, I am just so excited.""That sounds like such a great opportunity." She found the book and walked back to the front. "You'll have to tell Sammy to make me that carrot cake again, it was sinfully delicious. If Sammy wasn't in school I think my parents would snap her up to bake at the Shoppe."Lisa beamed with pride."That's sweet of you to say. She may just take you up on that offer during the summer. She is showing off her cooking skills tonight at the dorms and of course, invited her mom." Lisa handed Hermione her credit card."Have a great day." Hermione tucked the receipt into the cash drawer and walked to the back of the shop, exhausted."Janice, I'm going to go for a walk and clear my head." Hermione said, poking her head into the back office. "I'll grab some treats from the Shoppe. Hold the fort down.""Yes, boss." Janice waved her off.Hermione stepped outside of the book store and walked toward the beach. She put her sandals in her purse and felt instant relief as her feet were caressed by the sand and water as the waves rolled in. Hermione kicked up the water and splashed down the beach as she walked. The ocean had a calming effect. So much had changed in the last four years, her mind went back to the catalyst that had brought on that change.June 3, 1998Hermione felt even more disgusting than she ever thought she could feel in her life after cleaning out the Chamber of Secrets. Hermione stepped into the shower and stood under the steady stream of hot water washing away the day. Her mind wandered about everything that happened. She scrubbed and scrubbed and scrubbed her skin, hair, and every part of her body. The basilisk had been rotting for over six years. They were securing and fortifying the castle as they rebuilt it. The Chamber was high on everyone's list as it would be used as an emergency shelter for all students and staff if anything happened to the castle. They would turn the once ominous chamber into a liveable area. Hermione, ten Potions Masters, and a group of thirty volunteers with strong constitutions went down the staircase to the Chamber in the morning and didn't return until dusk. Hermione had taken the group down into the Chamber herself, using Pensieve memories from Harry and Ron. They left last week to start their Auror Training while Hermione stayed with the rebuilding squad until she and Sirius could find her parents in Australia. Her plan had been to go back to Hogwarts to finish her seventh year. Over the last month, Hermione had grown more restless and her plans for the next year were becoming murkier. Hermione had always had a plan, finish off Voldermort, go back to Hogwarts to finish her 7th year, and then on to the Ministry to help those disenfranchised. But this idea to spend the rest of her life fighting the Pureblood mentality was draining her. She wanted to do something different but what… she did not know.Moaning Myrtle's bathroom had been a casualty of the Battle, with only rubble and a gaping hole left to show for it. The ghost had not returned to the castle. They turned part of the bathroom into a classroom, while the part with the Chamber entrance was turned into an atrium with a staircase and a skylight.They first gathered everything from the corpse that could be salvaged, led by the Potions Masters, which was thankfully a good majority of the squishy parts. Then the entire group manually cut the bones, skin, and other parts apart and stacked them to be carried out. Magic could not be used as it could ruin some of the basilisk's magical properties. It was backbreaking work, but they were all used to it by now.The Battle of Hogwarts left scars on the castle and destroyed almost every usable space. Everyone contributed to help rebuild Hogwarts from students who fought in the war to professors to members of the public from around the country. It seemed the Wizarding community used the rebuilding as a form of therapy, they used magic and muggle masonry and other tricks to rebuild the beloved castle. There were many tears mingled with hope for the future as brick by brick went up.Hermione got out of the shower after an hour of scrubbing the smells away and she finally felt clean. Hermione wrapped a towel around her hair and body before walking out of the bathroom.She turned toward her bedroom and ran right into Sirius Black. "You sure smell less like death, Grangey." She lost her footing and Sirius righted her again with a smile. Hermione slapped Sirius with a laugh. "What's up, Blacky?"Hermione and Sirius had become fast friends. Life was hard and coming back from the Veil made Sirius appreciate life. Sirius brought humor and sarcasm into everything he did. Hermione was drawn to that, as she needed a friend that would just make her laugh. She was sometimes way too serious and he was sometimes way too loose. They balanced each other out and through that their friendship grew. They were both feeling the loss of Harry from their lives at the house since he went away to Auror training. "So, I have news," He pushed her towards her room and closed the door once she was in the room, "First get dressed, little sis, and join me in the study."Hermione dressed as quickly as she could. Sirius was acting unusually serious, which he never liked doing because life is not a double entendre. She threw on her favorite pair of sweats and a t-shirt and ran to the study on the first floor."So, Sirius, why so serious?" Hermione smirked.Hermione watched him drag his fingers through his hair, "We did it, Hermione. We found your parents." Hermione stood there dumbstruck. "Your last suggestion of using a magical detective agency that had a muggle counterpart worked. So now we can go get them and try to get their memories back."Tears sprung to Hermione's eyes and Sirius led her to the couch and wrapped an arm around her shoulders as she openly sobbed. After a few minutes, Hermione started to calm down. "Sirius, did you reach out to the mind healer too?" She sighed and rested her head on his shoulder."Yes, he is on his way to Australia to check them out before we arrive. This is good news, right?" Sirius was concerned by the sad look on her face."I am happy Sirius, we can leave soon and find my parents. I am so grateful. But you know what I realized today," he shook his head, "I don't want to go back to Hogwarts…"~~~~~~~~~~~~~ End of Chapter 1 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Hey readers, so this is the shortest chap, chap 2 will come in a few days! Hope you enjoyed! I know there are more questions right now than answers and that is the fun of all of this! Please leave a review if you enjoyed this first chapter!

Happy Thursday! Will switch back and forth for a bit between them :)! I hope you enjoy it!I can't thank my wonderful alpha enough… Nova5621 (FFNet) / karasunova (AO3)... she is pretty freakin fantastic! Thanks to The Muse of Apollo for betaing the crazy grammatical mind of my muse!Updated 8/24 w/ beta notes :)Chapter 2Harry ran his fingers through his unruly hair and zipped his jumper. The door leading into the castle slammed shut behind him, the latch sounding with a clang. Leaves crunched under his feet as he broke into a sprint, wind meeting his face, as he approached the Forbidden Forest. Memories cropped up in his mind, too many all at once.He shook his head and focused on running faster.Harry skidded to a stop as he came to the war memorial. His name scanned over so many names he knew and missed. Every person who fought in the war was memorialized, the living, the fallen, the light and dark sides. The war memorial was created three years ago. It started as a school project that turned into the Potter Trust's first public service project.At one time the memorial had brought tears to Harry's eyes, but time did heal some wounds.Harry sighed when he saw Hermione's name in the middle of the dias. Hermione…she had been on his mind a lot lately. He had an unfinished letter to her sitting in his room. He knew what he wanted to say but the words were not coming out.Hermione spent a weekend with her closest friends before she left for Australia. She told them that she and Sirius had found her family and she was going to be there when their memories were returned to them.When Harry found out about the trip he immediately volunteered to go with her, not wanting her to face this alone. Hermione reminded Harry, in true Hermione fashion, that he needed to finish his training instead of leaving for an undetermined amount of time. Sirius reassured him that he was planning to go with Hermione so she had a friend by her side. Harry knew that Hermione was right and she would be back in England in a month to start her seventh year at Hogwarts anyway.Then September came, and she still hadn't returned. Hermione wrote back to everyone and told them that she was going to stay in Australia for a while to recover from the war and was planning to take her NEWTs later that year. Harry and Sirius had several talks after Harry received the news, and they were still just as fresh years later.~~~~~~~~ Flashback ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Harry apparated in Grimmauld Place after his last lecture of the day was over. Sirius had returned from Australia two days before and Harry finally had a free night to visit with him. "Hey, Sirius."Sirius was standing behind the kitchen island with a bottle opener opening two bottles of butterbeer, and there was a pizza box open on the counter."Hey, pup," Sirius moved around the counter and pulled Harry into a hug. Harry could tell that there was more to this hug than just being happy to see him. "I need to talk to you about some serious stuff. I got your favorite pizza from Basilico."Harry and Sirius sat at the bar stools at the kitchen island. Harry always marveled at how homey Grimmauld Place now felt. Sirius had worked with a contractor before he left and while he was in Australia to redesign Grimmauld place. Sirius wanted a proper home and liked being in London, but hated the memories in this house. He had his contractors strip the house back to its foundation and radically changed the layout of the house. They combined the ground and first floors together into a family room and kitchen combination with vaulted ceilings. Grimmauld was no longer dark and dank. He was going to work on the upper floors himself now that he was back in town."So…" Harry ate a bite of his pizza, toppings falling all over the plate. It had been months since he had pizza and he was savoring every bite."I am sure you got Hermione's letter about staying in Australia for a while?" Harry nodded, "There is more to it than that but she didn't want to say that in the letter. Harry, she shared with me a lot of shit that you three went through during the war and when you destroyed the Horcruxes." Harry's stomach dropped as Sirius continued, "Damn it why didn't you two tell me you were having nightmares?""I didn't want to worry you and…" Harry started and Sirius held up his hand."Harry." Sirius ran his hand through his hair nervously. "That was not meant to make you feel guilty. You are still learning to trust people." Harry let out the breath he had been holding in.Sirius continued, "Harry, she had a panic attack in the middle of her parents' shop. Australia has really bad monsoons during the rainy season. Apparently the storms lightening and thunder took her back to her torture at Malfoy Manor.""I go back to that night a lot too." Harry whispered.Sirius let out a breath. "Harry, she is going to stay in Australia to heal herself. Her dad is a survivor of war, like yourselves and is going to help Hermione find someone to talk to.""Everything feels so overwhelming all of the time Sirius," Harry sighed. "When I had Hermione to talk to it didn't feel so oppressive… I could…" Harry stopped. How would he explain to Sirius that she was his lifeline and now that she was gone? "Hide from it all..," Sirius added, "I've done the same thing Harry with my experiences in the war and that hell that I went through in the Veil. You and I both need to get some help, I don't want you to stay silent forever."~~~~~~~~ end ~~~~~~~~~~~~Harry and Sirius grew even closer after that weekend. They were both burying their feelings and not dealing with the trauma they had been through. Harry confided in Sirius that he wanted to stop his Auror training. He was rapidly losing his grip on his own mental health as he trained to fight criminals for the rest of his life. Harry spent his childhood fighting and was tired.One month after Sirius returned, Harry left training and took the rest of the year off to take his NEWTS and heal himself. Harry joined a war survivors help group. Knowing that he needed more, Sirius found a professional to help Harry deal with his past. He was very hesitant at first and it had been hard to share, but things that are hard are usually worth it and it had been. Dr Alexa had become confident in Harry's life and four years later he continued to see her.Harry got to be just Harry for a while lazing around the house after he took his NEWTS. He watched movies and ran for fun. He was not the savior of the Wizarding World, just Harry. But Harry knew that he wanted some purpose for his life and to do something. When Ginny's class from Hogwarts graduated, Harry joined a few of them in attending the University of Cambridge.~~~~~~~~~ Flashback ~~~~~~~~~~~~"You want to go back to school, Harry? Why the bloody hell would you want to do that?" Ron shook his head and took a bite of his sandwich, staring at Harry's acceptance letter.Most of the family went outside for lunch while the three youngest sat around the kitchen table discussing their plans for the next year. Ginny smacked Ron in the back of the head. "Don't be daft, Ron. You're technically in school to become an Auror, but you just call it training and not school. Why shouldn't Harry attend university?"Harry handed each of them a cookie from the plate in the middle of the table. Weasley tempers were quick to explode. "Stop talking and listen." Ron nodded and grabbed the chocolate cookie. Ginny shot Harry a smile as he continued, "Mate, I don't know what I want to do with my life, I always talked about being an Auror. But I know now that that is not my path. I think I'd like to take a more active role in my finances and the Potter estate. Sirius and I have done some digging into the history of the Potter and Black families. Potter Manor is a treasure trove of information, but I am feeling out of my depth. I learned that my mum invested a lot of time in charitable endeavors and I know I want to continue that too. So I am at a loss at how to do any of this. So I figure I will pull a Hermione and figure out a way to get more knowledge. So I'm going to go to school." Harry grabbed a sugar cookie and took a bite."That all sounds very logical and she would be proud of you, mate." Ron smiled at the mention of Hermione. "I'm glad you found something to do, Harry." He clapped Harry on the back.~~~~~~~~~~ end ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Harry had been accepted into the new Magical Studies program at the University of Cambridge. England was trying to imitate programs that had been successful in other countries and Harry and Ginny would be a part of the inaugural class. They started university that fall and studied different topics to learn about the world outside of magic. They would then add in magical apprenticeships where appropriate. This program had been successful in bringing change to the wizarding society.Harry spent three years studying land economy. It was the most applicable major he could study since it brought a lot of areas together that he needed to learn about - like resource management, finance, and law. Harry spent many weekends and vacations reconnecting with his family's past by exploring Potter Manor. From the books and portraits and Potter house elves' memories, Harry learned more about his family origins and fortune. He started the Potter Trust during Cambridge.Harry was torn from his thoughts when he saw his bright blue-haired godson sneak out the castle. Harry intercepted his godson and scooped him up, much to Teddy's delight."Harry!" He squealed, his hair turning bright green to match Harry's eyes."What are you doing, little man?" Harry swung him around once, twice, and set him down, his small feet brushing with the ground as he wobbled."I was going to go and find Mummy a Nargle to join her at breakfast before the picnic. She didn't feel good last night and I think the nargle will help her." Teddy had his hands on his hips as if he was daring Harry to stop him."Well let's go find one. I'm sure Luna will help us if we can't find one on our own." Harry smiled as he grabbed Teddy's hand and they went off into the forest together. Harry sent a patronus to Tonks and Remus so they knew where their son was.In the beginning, Harry actively worked to avoid the war celebrations. He used his first year of university as an excuse not to attend the events. But he quickly realized that his fame could be used to spur good in the community. His name, financial acumen, and determination pushed the Potter Trust's initiatives forward. His fame could be used as a rallying point for the Wizarding World.Today was the fifth anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts and Harry had planned this year's events, a community picnic at Hogwarts and a nighttime gala. The day time festivities had been joyful and they remembered the fallen and celebrated life. They would end the day with a black tie gala to raise money for the Potter Trust's new project.Harry adjusted his bowtie in the mirror. He ran his fingers through his hair, trying to get some semblance of style to his unruly hair. He reached for his trust pin and secured it to the pocket of his tuxedo. The Potter Trust's symbol was a lily set atop two books symbolizing the heart and soul of the trust.He made his way to the great hall, cocktail hour had started so people were milling around the hall. Ginny quickly walked up to Harry and grabbed his elbow leading him to a table at the front of the room "Are you ready Harry?""No, but I guess I'd better say something." Ginny motioned to the band that was playing background music to wrap up "Thanks, Gin." He walked up the steps of the raised stage."Good evening, everyone." He took a deep breath. "Thank you for coming to the Remembrance Gala. Tonight, we are not here to focus on the past, but to remember how far we have come. It has been five years since we broke the cycle of hate and oppression that started with Grindelwald and continued through Voldemort. That day our society stood at a crossroads, do we continue with the hate or do we move ahead and change our future?"Harry paused and smiled at the audience. "I know that we have started changing our narrative, we have seen the Wizarding World evolve over the last five years for the better. Together we will use this momentum to propel us forward and the Potter Trust has committed over the next decade to work with the Ministries of Magic throughout the world to address the inequalities in our societies. We want to take a deep dive into muggle and magical relations. Please join us by being open to the conversation about how we want our society to look in a decade and further into the future." He looked around the room with a huge smile on his face. "A great wizard once said that happiness can be found even in the darkest of places, if one remembers to turn on the light. Let's be that light." With that Harry tipped his head to the room and left the stage to find his seat.This gave the emcee for the night, Ginny, the opportunity to go back to the podium. "Thank you, Harry. We all at the Daily Prophet stand with you and this wonderful organization. Please let a member of the staff in the black shirts know if you have any questions or would like some more information on the Light the World project." Ginny stepped down from the podium and the band started playing again.Harry sat back down at his table and let out a breath he had been holding, Ron placed a plate of food in front of Harry and sat down to eat. "Thanks, mate."Harry spent the rest of the night talking to members of the community and donors. Harry was in his element and it distracted him from the thoughts of sadness that this day usually brought.Harry finally found his way to the guest quarters after the gala. He took off his tuxedo and put on his pajamas and laid on the floor of the common room trying to quite literally ground himself. The night had been a hit and they would have a lot of work to do come Monday. But for now, Harry had a bottle of firewhiskey as he would see little of what remained of the night watching the fire. This night was something he was reluctant to see out since Hermione left. She had been the one constant in his life, he never thought he would have to face life without her. The last four years, Harry had grown a lot but nothing filled that void.As the night went on, Harry's friends joined him in the common room. Ron was the first to arrive after the gala was over and didn't say a word as he laid on the floor and drank the firewhiskey Harry offered him. This was the one time of the year that they allowed themselves to feel the pain and hurt.Luna and Ginny found their way to the common room and joined them on the floor. Ginny put her hand on Harry's in comfort."Thanks for joining me. Today has been intense, so I dipped into the firewhisky stash. A toast to our fallen comrades and to those who are not with us today." A certain brown haired witch's face passed through Harry's thoughts.~~~~~~~~~~~ end Chapter 2 ~~~~~~~~~Thanks so much for reading and hope you enjoyed it!

Hey hi and hello readers! I figured that everyone would enjoy a new chapter to start off the week. Hope you all are well in this chaotic time!Big ole thanks to my alpha Nova5621 (FFNet) / karasunova (AO3) and beta The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!Thanks for all of the follows, reviews, and kudos! I love seeing that you are enjoying this story as much as I have enjoyed writing it! This is a biggie chap… Hermione and her parents.Updated 8/24 with beta notesChapter 3Hermione felt the sun uncomfortably baking her skin and finally turned around to head to the Sweet Shoppe. She walked by the Freshwater Surf Life Club situated on a sandy beach in front of the Sweet Shoppe and waved towards the lifeguards."G'day, Hermione," Jared yelled from his perch atop the lifeguard stand."G'day. Getting some treats from the Shoppe, do you guys want any?" Hermione stopped a few feet from the stand. Her parents always made sure the lifeguards protecting the beach were taken care of and fed.Jared shook his head, "We got our treats this morning! Your mother made the most amazing eclairs hope they left you some.""Have a good day." She waved bye as she continued walking up the path.She stared at the bright building that radiated all the colors of the rainbow. Walking into the shop always improved Hermione's mood, something about how the sugar and aromas of the shop felt like a hug. Hermione waved at her mom, who was helping a customer across the shop and grabbed a box to fill with desserts from the holding shelves.Hermione grabbed the last eclair from the display case. She made her way to a table to savor her treat. Her mind wandered off to her reunion with her parents. It was a huge moment in her life. Her family had been ripped apart and came even closer together. They supported Hermione and gave her the courage to stay in Australia to heal her wounds from the war. But there was a growing part of Hermione that missed those rainy days and trio escapades.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Flashback ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Hermione faced the hospital with trepidation. They had arrived in Australia two days before. Hermione had wanted to go straight to the hospital on their first day, but Sirius told Hermione that they had to wait, the hospital needed to study what had happened to her parents and create a counterspell. They had brought her parents into the hospital under the guise of completing a physical for their insurance.Sirius forced Hermione to go sightseeing to get her mind off the procedures that were being carried out on her parents at the time. They took a behind the scenes tour of the Sydney Opera House. Later that night they saw the Sydney Symphony Orchestra perform. The show featured Gil Shaham, playing Beethoven's Violin Concerto. Hermione got lost in the performance, the violin was melodic and carried her away. She started crying through the performance and was silent sobbing after it was done. Her emotions were right on her sleeve and Sirius waited until everyone was gone before apparating her out of the opera house. They spent the rest of the night at their hotel watching sappy movies and eating junk food.The second day in Australia was the longest day of Hermione's life. They spent the day at the Australia Zoo and Sirius tried hard to distract her. The next day was looming heavy on her mind. Usually, she would sulk and become agitated by people intentionally trying to distract her. But Sirius was another story. When he returned from the veil he was not the same playboy Black. He was way more down to earth and was owning his third chance at life. He showed her through his actions that he was genuinely happy to be there with her and just wanted to see her smile. He was trying to make the best of having to wait around.Sirius, she had been a steadfast supporter since he fell out of the Veil. He remembered basic information about his life from before the Veil and battled with depression for a while. Hermione was his rock through the storm. And when she had her weak moments, he was there for her and took care of her as much as she helped take care of him.Sirius put his hand on her shoulder as she stared at the hospital and it's shockingly white exterior, "Grangey girl, are you ready?"She shook her head trying not to shake with nervousness, "Not really, but let's go." She grabbed his hand, needing his strength.Sirius held her hand tight as they walked into the hospital and to the receptionist's desk, "Good morning, we are here to see Healer Miller, this is Hermione Granger.""One moment, Sir,' the receptionist dialed a number on her phone. She looked up at Hermione and Sirius, "Please sign in and have a seat, someone will take you to the Healer's office."Sirius signed them into the visitor log and led Hermione to the chairs to take a seat. Moments later a tall man approached them and instructed them to follow him.Hermione and Sirius entered the office of Healer Miller. He sat behind a desk piled with papers and stacks of books. He nodded for them to sit.Hermione sat on the edge of her seat expectantly. "So let's get right down to business shall we?" The duo nodded and he continued, "Miss Granger, your parent's situation is a very unique one. I am sure that you know most memory modifications are permanent and cannot be removed. I understand why you sent your parents away. When I first found them, I incorrectly assumed I would not be able to help. Thankfully Sirius asked me to take a deeper dive as a favor, so I analyzed their minds. So from what I have studied, your parents have had two oblivation spells, the one that you did in 1997 and then one in 1979. However, the oblivation from 1979 included, what I am now calling a memory stasis charm, on their minds that may have protected their memories."He pulled out a binder of notes, "See this charm, I have studied it in depth over the last week since we found them and have never seen anything like this. The complex structure of this ruine spell is a mastery level work. I am very impressed and I believe that this structure protects your parents from all memory modifications. My team and I have created a counter spell that should work. And as we have discussed this is a decision that you will need to make this morning. Please remember that I cannot make any guarantees whether it will work or not. The other option is to leave the modification on. I will leave you two alone to discuss," he pushed his papers towards Hermione, "Please take your time to look over my notes and counterspell."Hermione nodded as he left his office, she looked at the papers, "I can't have come this far and not have him perform the counter spell. But what if it does not work? What if their minds can't reconcile all these differences? What if it drives them insane?"Sirius pulled her chair close to him and wrapped his arm around her, "Well we don't know Hermione, memory is a fickle thing." he paused, "It could all end badly, but really we won't know until it happens. If it goes wrong then we will deal with it."Healer Miller left them in the brightly colored waiting room. There were cheery posters lining the walls with inspirational quotes. Hermione looked at the floor, not wanting to see the positivity, her thoughts lingered on what the Healer told them. He reminded her that this was an experimental procedure and it may not work. She needed to also understand that if her parents woke up, they would not only have the memories from October 1979 but also the memories between Britain and the life she gave them in Australia. This was a lot for them to process and they would need time. She was not allowed in the room while he performed the spell. It would be too much strain on her parents. Healer Miller reassured her he would do everything he could and would provide her with an update as soon as possible. Hermione leaned on Sirius' shoulder for support. She hated waiting and not knowing what was happening. Sirius put his hand on her shoulder and rubbed her back. It felt like an eternity sitting in silence and there they sat for the rest of the morning.Sirius let out a huge yawn, "Grangey, I am going to get us some lunch, we need to eat." she nodded, "What do you want?""I don't care, nothing huge, maybe a sandwich." Hermione moved her head off his shoulder, "And a coffee please, something fancy."Sirius apparated away promising to be back in five minutes.Hermione was now the only person in the room and her mind was her worst enemy. She was trying to figure out why someone would modify her parent's memories the month after she was born. She started with what was happening in the fall of 1979? It might have had to do with the war, of course, but Hermione wasn't sure.Her first thought was had she done something magical as a newborn and her parents were promptly obliviated? But obliviators just got rid of the memories.She sighed as her mind wouldn't stop going over the questions. What did her parents do to have this done to them, Magical Britain was a very scary place during that time. Maybe they ran into the wrong person or saw the wrong thing. But Deatheaters didn't modify memories they just killed. Or maybe someone was trying to protect them and their small family, but why? She tried to come up with other reasons but kept coming back to what if it all came down to her. She did not want to go down that rabbit hole but it was the only one that made sense. Maybe it wasn't a coincidence that a magical child came from two ordinary muggle dentistsShe hadn't shared this concern with Sirius yet, not wanting to say the words out loud.Sirius popped back in with bags of food and a tray of drinks, he shrugged at Hermione, "I didn't know what to get so I got everything. I'll take it to the nurses and doctors when we are done." He flopped down on the chair with a frozen sugary coffee drink monstrosity in his hand."Thanks, Brother." She started using this term of endearment with him, much to his delight, over the last two days, as he had proven himself to be closer than a friend. She took off the lid of the cappuccino and took in the scent of coffee, hazelnut, and sugar.She grabbed an Italian sandwich from the bag and started eating. She had to force herself to eat every meal. Logically she knew she needed the food with the malnutrition she faced during the war. But all those months in the tent and lack of food affected her. Her mind would always go back to survival mode.Now, however, if she didn't eat, Sirius would pester her until she did. He duly appointed himself that job when he noticed she wouldn't eat meals."I hate this, Sirius," she sighed."There's pastrami in there too, I got the most caloric dense sammys because we know you need it." Sirius started to reach in the bag. She grabbed his hand and stopped him."It's not the food. It is this whole thing and this damn morning." She took another bite trying to distract herself.Sirius let out a laugh, "Well I don't know about you but this was the most riveting morning I have ever had."She let out a strained laugh, "My mind is going a million miles a minute and I can't shut it off, Sirius. This silence and this damn cheery room are making me insane." She finished her drink and threw the cup into the trash across the room thenshe set her sandwich down and faced him. "Why did someone else charm my parents the year I was born? Why would they mess with a couple of muggle dentists? Why would someone alter their memories?"""When we perform magic," Sirius began, "it's either to create, change, protect or destroy something. Someone consciously picked out your parents, changed their memories and put a block on there so that their memories could be restored," he looked her in the eye, "and I think it was to protect you.""It was a dangerous time, Hermione. You have a good idea now," his voice strained, " how people were disappearing every day. Kidnappings, random killings, and many dying. Maybe, a couple of muggle dentists would be a perfect hiding spot." Sirius did not see a surprised look on her face but resignation.Hermione reached for her sandwich trying to put her thoughts together, "A perfect hiding spot for me, please stop reading my mind Sirius." She grinned at him trying to find a way to relieve the tension."Would this change anything" Sirius learned that Hermione needed to explain her thoughts out loud to work through an issue. Her brain could figure out logic problems with ease but emotions did not come so easily figured out."Sirius, you've shared with me your family's background, but I haven't shared mine with you." she shook her head, "My parents are the best people in my whole world. My childhood was fantastic with my parents, just lonely with kids my age. I act more like an adult and I really think a lot of only children are like this." A genuine smile graced her face, "You see my dad seems like this super serious person when you first meet him. But he is really a softy especially when it comes to me. I put that same facade up in the world because that is what I saw him do." She took a bite of her sandwich and Sirius handed her another drink."Everyone always said that I am so much like my dad, serious, logical, and we think about things way too much. But I am so much like my mom, she taught me to be caring, to believe and trust in people. I wanted to be like my mom with her elegance and grace around people but I feel awkward all the damn time and with my mom it's effortless. As a kid, I knew I wanted to be the best of both of them."She took a sip of her drink, "I have had a lot of time to think about them. They mean so much to me, Sirius. I miss them so much and I can't imagine living my life without them." Her face dropped in sadness.Sirius lifted her head up, "Hermione, you love your parents. I have no doubt that they love you too," Tears were falling down her cheeks, "We won't know if it is what we think until the healer tells us and we are going to think positive thoughts. Your parents are still your parents. They won't care if you were adopted because no matter what happens you are Hermione Jean Granger, the bravest and the smartest and the most elegant witch in the world. It won't matter because you are their daughter. The Potters basically adopted me into the family. I never felt what you described until James' mom hugged me. It was magical." He wiped the tears from her cheeks and put her drink on the table. Sirius pulled her into his lap and wrapped her in a bear hug, "Cry it out, I am here for you." She let out a sob because she didn't even know if her parents would even remember her. Sirius kept repeating over and over how much they loved her.She ended up falling asleep against his chest. Sirius kept rocking back and forth trying to comfort his friend. Sirius's heart wrenched for her. She had been through so much in her young life. She needed a win this time - this spell needed to work. Sirius realized at that moment that he only ever felt this protective with his Hogwarts family and Harry. Sirius decided that she was his family, no matter what happened with her parents, she was his sister forever.Healer Miller walked into the room an hour later, a smile on his face, Sirius put a silence charm over Hermione's head to talk to the Healer before he woke her up, "Please tell me there is good news. If it isn't she needs to sleep more."Healer Miller sat down and nodded, "It went better than I could have ever imagined."Sirius ended the spell and rubbed Hermione's shoulder, "Hey Sis, you need to wake up, the Healer is here."Hermione woke up all at once and almost fell off his lap but stood up quickly, "Sorry,what's happening?""Please have a seat, Miss Granger. This is good news. But I want to explain a few things to you first."Hermione sat back in her chair, while Sirius offered the healer a coffee and any of the food. He looked exhausted, the spell must have taken a lot out of him. Hermione tried to hold in her questions but felt like she was going to explode."Thank you, this has been a very long day. But it has been a good day Hermione. First, I will get to the point, the counterspell worked. The memories have been returning to them slowly. I had to repeat the counterspell throughout the day to help." He took a sip of his drink and smiled at them."I am quite surprised that they have been able to reconcile everything that has been done, the original spell was masterful. I am going to study this spell in detail as it is going to change the way that we work with memory modifications. We have figured out the reason why their memories were modified, but I would like them to discuss that with you. I have taken copious amounts of notes and have asked them to come back for follow up appointments."He stood up. "Please follow me."Hermione jumped up and Sirius grabbed her hand to slow her down, "Please tell the nurses and anyone else to enjoy all the treats."Healer Miller nodded and led them out of the room. Hermione was on cloud nine, she didn't care why someone modified their memories. Her parents were back and as Sirius said they loved her and she hoped that nothing would change that.Sirius and Healer Miller walked with Hermione towards her parents room, they stopped outside as she walked in the room. Her parents were sitting at the table in the room writing something in a notebook. She quietly observed them, seeing her mother reach over and hold her father's hand.Jean turned around as she entered the room. Her eyes met Hermione's and she exclaimed, "Hermione!" She pushed the chair away and ran to her daughter. Edward was not far behind. "Oh, my Hermione." Jean and Edward surrounded Hermione in their loving embrace."Hey, baby girl." Edward had tears in his eyes, "I missed you, I love you so much." He kissed the top of her head. "I am so sorry, mum. I am so sorry, daddy. I didn't think you'd ever know who I was ever again. I missed you so much," she got out through the sobs.Edward interrupted her, "Let's sit down baby girl, we have a lot to talk about." Jean didn't let Hermione go, she moved over to the bed and they sat down together. Edward stood at the side of the bed. Hermione leaned into him. Hermione was holding her breath trying to steel her nerves waiting for him to continue. Edward ran his hands through her unruly hair, "Hermione there's a lot to this story and it's complicated. We will talk about that. But your mom and I wanted to start this with a statement. Hermione Jean Granger, you are our daughter and we love you. Second, you are never EVER going to do anything like this ever again. I am devastated that you had to make this choice to keep us safe," tears fell from Hermione's eyes and her face dropped in shame, anger, and guilt, "Sweet girl, please look at me."Hermione looked at him in the eyes, tears falling, "You are my daughter and you will always be my daughter. And you can bet that I am so angry at the situation you were forced into, you can bet that I am seething at what you have gone through in the last year. I wish you didn't have to step up and do this, but Hermione my love, I couldn't be more proud of you. That mad man is dead and he has all the blame in my book."Hermione's lip quivered and Jean added, "You know we are hurt that you didn't ask us," Hermione started to try to explain but he put his finger up to stop her, "But, love, we understand that we would have said no and we would have probably tried to force you to leave that world. Would they have won without you?"She shook her head, "No, I don't think so…" her mind went back to that image of Hagrid carrying a dead Harry into the courtyard, "Even with me there, we still lost so much."Edward's heart hurt for her, he knew that look, it was the same one he had when he came back from his service, "I think you know that no one ever really wins a war. There are degrees of loss on both sides. I am glad that you helped to lessen that loss for your side.""You needed to be there, love." Jean broke the silence, "I am so glad that my memories are back because you are my magic, Hermione. And don't apologize to us, we will discuss this more in the future and we want to hear your story." She gave Hermione a stern look, "The entire story missy and you will leave nothing out." She tucked some of Hermione's hair behind her ear, "But right now, I just want to be here with you.""I think we should talk through the memories that we have unearthed." Edward got up from the table and grabbed the journal he had been writing in."I think we should get the Healer too." Jean added."And Sirius please." Hermione added, "Sirius is a dear friend of mine that came with me. Really he is why I was able to find you."Edward poked his head out the door and asked the nurse to get the Healer and Sirius. Edward sat down on the bed and the two men entered the room.Sirius walked up to Edward and Jean and held his hand out, "it is my absolute pleasure to meet you Jean and Edward." Edward shook his hand with gusto, "Thank you for your help in finding us Sirius. I am sure we will get a chance to properly thank you later."Sirius moved over to the table and sat down next to the Healer adding "No thanks are necessary, Hermione is like a sister to me. I am just glad that this all worked out for the better."Edward started, "Hermione we came up with a timeline of events between both memory wiping spells. We remember what happened before October 1979 but really the story starts about two years before that." Hermione leaned into her dad's embrace as he continued, "Your mother and I were dealing with infertility issues - for about five years. We desperately wanted a family." Hermione remembered her parents telling her this as she got older that she was their little miracle baby, "So your mother came up with the genius idea to start fostering children in 1977."Jean added, "These kids needed a chance at a family and we loved every moment of it. For those two years, we had a set of twins, a brother, and sister, an older boy. All of these children were returned to their parents, which was good. But there was one who didn't. You see in September 1979 we were approached by our social worker about a situation with a newborn baby girl. They were looking for a family to adopt her straight away. They had to make sure we were ready for this bundle of joy. They said that the mother was unmarried and feared for the safety of her child. She left the child with them at the office and never came back."Jean smiled at Hermione, "And as I am sure you have already deduced that little girl was you, Hermione Jean. After a sleepless night of caring for our daughter, we received a guest at the door. It was a young woman who looked to be in her early twenties. She introduced herself as your mother. She only gave us her first name, Allison. Your father was skeptical but she knew that heart birthmark under your right arm."Edward took over, "She told us that she was involved in a dangerous war and that she and your biological father were in danger from fascists. She said she wanted to come back for you but didn't know if she would survive. She then took out a stick, which we now know is a wand, and performed the spell."Healer Miller spoke up at that moment, "I think she did this so if she didn't come back to get you at the end of the war, you and your parents wouldn't know any different. Now this timeline fits with the first Voldermort war, so we are assuming that she was protecting you from the war. We only have her first name but assume since she never came back that she died in the war."Hermione nodded. Sirius spoke up, "I know there were a lot of families that were worried about their magical lines being extinguished. This was usually half-blood or muggle-borns."Hermione sighed, "I had a feeling that this was the reason. Logically it was the only thing to make sense…" "But, baby girl, none of that matters. Your biological mother died but she took care of you and made sure you had a loving family."It was a few more hours before they were allowed to leave the hospital. Edward and Jean had follow-up interviews and appointments with the healers. But for now, they were allowed to return home. They were warned not to go back to work until they received clearance. Jean and Edward reassured everyone that they would take at least the next two weeks off and it would not impact the business.Hermione and Sirius side-apparated her parents to their hotel suite in Sydney."Wow, Hermione, with that view and this hotel and the penthouse, Sirius here must have paid a lot of money," Jean said as she looked out the window of the Park Hyatt hotel to the sweeping views from the Sydney Opera House to the Sydney Harbour Bridge.Edward and Jean sat down and faced the windows enjoying the marvelous view. Hermione was trying to clean things up, Sirius swatted her hand away from the clutter and whispered something in her ear. She nodded and went to the couch and sat down.Edward looked at Sirius with a curious expression, "Weren't you dead Sirius?"Hermione laughed, "Where do we start?""With a beer." Sirius handed out drinks to everyone and sat down on the chair.Hermione smiled and took a sip of her drink. "Put it simply, he came back from the Veil of Death. After we defeated Voldemort, Harry told us that he had one more mission. He had to destroy the Deathly Hallows as they were a danger to the entire world. No one could be trusted with them. I'll explain what the Hollows are later, but needless to say, they were dangerous."She took a sip of her drink and continued, "So a week after the war we went into the Department of Mysteries to the Death Veil. Harry had an elegant solution to rid the world of the items, they could not be destroyed by any means so why not give them back to death. Harry, Ron, and I went to the Chamber of Death, we were there to back him up just in case anything happened. He tossed the hallows through the veil and just like that they were gone."Sirius spoke up, "And I came back to life as Death's way of saying thank you for the return of the stolen Hallows after so many years. So basically I am a zombie." with that everyone laughed and the mood in the room was much brighter."I am sure we will get to know more about what happened to you over the last year Hermione. But right now, I need to tell you about your dad and my second baby." Jean looked at her with a serious expression.Edward burst out laughing, "Your mother is so dramatic, we opened a store about thirty minutes out of Sydney and you're never going to guess what we sell.""Well given your previous profession, so maybe you started a pharmacy?" Hermione guessed. Edward shook his head. Sirius added, "Come on Hermione, your parents have to be way cooler than that. I bet they opened a discotek and hold massive parties on the weekends." Jean laughed and shook her head.Edward, "Here is your hint, what's the big thing we limited your consumption of as a kid?"Hermione turned to her mother with a scandalized expression on her face, "Did you two open a sweets shop?" when her mother nodded her mouth dropped, "What on earth?"Jean grinned at her expression, "You see I always wanted to be a baker when I was a little girl. But my parents told me that I needed to find a more productive thing to do with my life. So I joined the military and became a dentist, which is where I met your father. However, when you took away our memories of you, my brain filled in cracks with my love of baking. After you impelled us to move to Australia and my mind filled in the rest that we were going to live out our dream of opening a bake shop on the beach, hence the Sweet Shoppe."Her mother started telling them stories from the opening of the shop to her baking experiments. Hermione could see the passion in her mother's eyes as she told her about the ins and outs of the business. Hermione hoped one day that she could find something she wanted to do as passionately as her mother did. They spent the evening catching up on the last year of activity, avoiding the obvious elephant of the war. As the night went on Hermione had a startling realization that maybe extending her time in Australia would be the right move… for the time being.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~end~~~~~~~~~~~~~Hope you enjoyed this chap!

Happy Friday and I hope you enjoy it!HUGE thanks to my alpha Nova5621 (FFNet) / karasunova (AO3) and beta The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!8/24/20 - updated with beta notesChapter 4Diagon Alley was bustling and filled with so many people. Harry used these crowds to blend in making his way quickly to Flourish and Blotts and then on to Gringotts.Harry walked up to Flourish and Blotts excited to see Mauve and Pops, the owners. Over the years, they had become the grandparents he never had, "Good morning, Mauve."Mauve came around the counter and hugged Harry, "I loved the picnic yesterday, Harry. It was such a wonderful way to remember and move forward. Wonder where you got such a fantastic idea from?" She asked with a wink"Some crotchety old lady." Harry moved quickly out of her reach and avoided the smack that was coming."You are a rascal Potter." She waved her wand and two books flew off the shelves and into Harry's hands, "I assume you got my owl. The red book is the one you requested, the new Magical Lineages papers and I found an interesting old book on the Malfoy and Potter family associations that I thought you would find interesting."Harry smiled, "Thanks for keeping my pet project on your mind Mauve!" Harry set five gallons on the counter, "So tell me all about the anniversary party next month."Mauve smiled at Harry, "Oh I have decided to do The Winter's Tale by the Bard! We have not had a Shakespeare party in a very long time. And this is my favorite book. Oh, Sonny, I have many many plans for this big party."Harry laughed, "Guess I am going to have to finally read that book.""You are so uncultured, son, I will have to fix that." A book came flying to her hand from the back of the store. "Here is Pop's copy of A Winter's Tale, you take good care of it and get it read this week. I will need your help coming up with the treats and of course the signature drinks! But be careful not to get too distracted by the Queen of Sicily. Speaking of her, did you finish that letter?" Mauve stared him in the eyes, penetrating his soul."No all-knowing woman. I will finish it soon..." A customer interrupted their conversation and Harry grabbed his books and waved goodbye to Mauve. Harry turned away from the bookstore and decided to change his destination. The bank could wait and he went towards Fortescue's Ice Cream shop.Harry's mind wandered back to the brunette witch that had plagued his dreams the night before. The unfinished letter was expanding in volume as he tried to get all of his words out.Harry entered the ice cream shop and strolled right up to the counter. "Can I get a butterbeer sundae with caramel?""Make that two but walnuts please and on his tab." Ginny popped up behind Harry."Morning Gin." Harry nodded at the worker and paid for their ice cream. He grabbed Ginny's hand and they walked towards the tables scattered around outside. Before he could sit down, his name was called. Harry grabbed their dessert and joined Ginny back at the table. He handed her a spoon and placed the sundaes on the table."So do tell, why we are getting ice cream for breakfast, my favorite brother?"He sighed, "I am just feeling meh, Ginny." Harry ate a spoonful of his ice cream.After the war, Harry and Ginny tried to meet everyone's expectations and become a "happy" couple. But as they tried harder and harder, they grew further and further apart.Ginny and Harry were very different people and their broken pieces did not fit together. After they broke up, the pressure of being together was gone. They were able to build a solid and stable friendship. Their time at Cambridge brought them even closer together and Harry finally felt safe confiding in Ginny. But today he didn't know how to get out the feelings going through his head."Harry you have done so much in the last month, I am not surprised you are feeling off. Last night was a lot." Ginny took a bite and reached for his hand to give him comfort."Yea I guess. There are some loose ends and things I didn't finish before the anniversary that are weighing on my mind. I was going to go to the bank and be a responsible adult but ice cream sounded better. So please distract me Gin. How is our favorite Slytherin doing?"Ginny bit her bottom lip smiling, she looked down at her engagement ring. Her rose gold ring started out as her promise ring from Draco on their first anniversary. Inlaid in the metal was a robin bird in flight. Robin was Draco's nickname for Ginny and it described her perfectly. She was the light of his life and the fire to his dragon. He wore a similar ring with a dragon in flight.Now that they were engaged both of their rings had constellations inscribed on them. Ginny had the Draco constellation and Draco had Ursa Minor on his. They were a matching pair and Draco would always keep her safe. She loved that at their wedding they would inlay jewels in each of the stars of the constellation to finish the pairing."Earth to Ginny." Harry smiled at his friend who was admiring her ring.She looked up at him with a grin, "The man is good. He has been busy at work. They finally finished the most recent war and have moved to the first war. He says these accounts of what happened to the people are even worse than the first." She sent the empty bowls and spoons to the service counter.After Harry and Hermione's testimony to the Wizagmont, Draco was released into the custody of his mother and was ordered to return to Hogwarts to avoid going to Azkaban. But shortly after the trial, his mother passed away and Draco faced going to Azkaban. Sirius saved his nephew from a fate he knew all too well.Draco committed his life to undo the bad that the Deatheaters had done. After he completed his seventh year at Hogwarts, he joined Harry and Ginny at Cambridge and studied Law. Now he was on track to become the most prominent solicitor of his age. He started a pro-bono law firm to handle the claims and reparation payments from the Voldemort wars. He was like Robin Hood, taking money from the evil and giving it to those hurt.Ginny continued, "He was acting all weird this morning when I went by the office to drop off his lunch that he left on the table." she shook her head. "He covered his work when I walked in and was super hush about it. I bet it has something to do with the family or a friend.""Well, what he is doing is difficult work and a very thankless job," Harry added knowing the difficulty and challenges he faced. Draco and Harry had become close friends after living in the same house together."Oh Harry, look at us two sitting here lost in our thoughts. My mom canceled the wedding planning for today, Fleur needed her to watch the kids so I am a free bird. Let's have a movie day?"Draco's eyes were lit with fire and excitement as he read the letter over again. He had been working on the investigation of the murder of Allison, Alfred, and Annabelle Harwood for the better part of the week. This letter was the lead he needed to hopefully finish the Lestrange reparation file. It was an eighty-page file filled with name after name of those hurt by the vile woman.His caseload, and every other solicitor in the firm, was filled with hundreds of files from the first Voldemort War. There were hundreds of millions of Galleons tied up in family vaults while various parties fought over control and the money. So He and his team worked tirelessly to find the people who were directly harmed by the accused and give them some semblance of justice. After they determined who was harmed, they would give them a percentage of the money in the vaults. Draco knew that money could not fix everything but it was better than nothing.Draco proposed this solution to the Ministry in his third year at Cambridge. The ministry was grateful to let a third party handle the issues, under their supervision. Another portion of the money would go directly to the War Fund that the Potter Foundation supervised. The money was used to rebuild the magical community and invest in the future. Last, the family heir's would get the remaining portion of the funds and family estates, if they were not sold to earn money for the other payments. If no family remained then the money would go into the War Fund.At the beginning of the week, he thought his current case was simple. Draco had found a connection between the Harwood and the Longbottom families. Alice Harwood had married Frank Longbottom. The senior Harwoods and her twin sister had been murdered by Bellatrix Lestrange. He began the process of moving the reparation money for their deaths into the Longbottom account. But the Goblins would not accept his filing to transfer the money from the Lestrange Vault to the Longbottom's. He asked about the Harwood vault as well and was promptly informed that it was none of his business. It was held in trust for the living heir.The Goblins would not disclose any additional information. Last Friday, he had reached out to Neville concerning the Harwood family. Neville wrote back this morning inviting him to come to the manor to discuss.He placed the letter into the file and stood up from his desk. He walked out of his office and stopped at his assistant's desk, "Beth I am heading to Longbottom Manor on the Harwood case. Have a good rest of the day."Beth smiled, "Roger that boss."He stepped into the floo and threw down the powder, "Longbottom Manor." Moments later, he appeared in the foyer of the manor.A house elf met him and removed the dust from his clothes with the wave of his hand. "Mister Malfoy, welcome to Longbottom Manor. Master Longbottom is in the library and has asked me to take you there. Please follow me"Draco nodded and followed the house elf out of the foyer. Draco was very fond of Longbottom Manor, it was filled with plants and light. This manor was just as large as Malfoy Manor but it was everything Malfoy Manor was not. Longbottom Manor felt like a hug surrounding him when he walked inside. He followed the elf up the stairs to the second floor and to the left. The elf opened the door to the massive library and popped out of the room. The library was painted in a light yellow color and had honey-brown shelves from floor to ceiling. Light flooded into the library through the wall of windows in the back. Neville was scaling the massive shelves on a ladder."Hey, Draco, I have set out some things on the table over there." He pointed at a table covered with books, "I have been searching in the family archives. This has been the strangest thing." He pulled a book from the self, "And I finally found this damn book." He climbed down the stairs.Draco walked over to the table and sat down. A very pregnant Hannah walked into the library with a notebook in her hand and a hand on her belly, "Nev, I looked in the records and there may be a second book of the family in the library but who the hell knows where in this mess." She saw Draco at the table, "Well there is the man that has sent my husband into a tizzy.""I jest Draco." Hannah said before Draco could say anything, "Neville and I are just as curious about this situation as you are." She lowered her voice so only he could hear, "He is really excited about the idea that a relative from his mother's side of the family is alive."Draco smiled, "You know what, this has been the one of the few potentially happy things to come from these investigations. While the money is yes helpful, it does not bring back a loved one or heal the pain. The fact that Neville may have a relative that is alive is balm needed for my very weary soul."Hannah handed Draco a cookie from the plate on the table. Hannah was one of the first people to accept Ginny and Draco's relationship without skepticism. She told Draco that he was a product of his shitty upbringing and she didn't blame him. He had proven himself over the years to be a solid and dependable friend. Because Hannah gave him a chance, the rest of their circle welcomed him in.Draco bit into Hannah's famous brownie sundae cookie - it was dark chocolate with all the sundae flavors of caramel, chocolate, & strawberry. He never knew how she put all the flavors into this magical cookie. Draco was one of Hannah's favorite test subjects as he was always up to test new and unique creations. She was considering opening a bakery in Diagon Alley after the twins were born."Draco your job is tough. I hope we can find some family for my husband, but even if you don't, it has been fun getting to know his mother's side of the family." Hannah pointed to the pink cookie on the plate, "Try that one when you are done with your fav. I'll tell you all about it after you try it." She grinned and grabbed a lace looking cookie.Neville came over to the table and kissed Hannah on the cheek, "Beautiful wife of mine, I finally found the lineage book. We really need to find someone to organize this library. It is a mess.""Told you, Honey, we'll have to hire someone because obviously we are no good at it." Hannah handed Neville a cookie, "Eat something. I'm glad you found the book you've been looking for all day.""So I agree with what the Goblins told you that there has to be an alive heir to the Harwood family inheritance." Neville said with a sigh.""How do you know this?" Draco was curious."Well the bruise on my ass when I got promptly kicked out is proof enough for me. I tried to enter the house today and if there was no living Heir, I should have been able to enter by my birthright. As we know, Allison Harwood was my Mother's twin sister, so I have been digging into what information I have on her. As you know she and my mother's parents were killed by the Lestrange family five months before I was born"Hannah added, "and we were not able to view the family tree since it is at the Harwood Manor. But Neville and I have been searching through the library and Nev's mother's trunks in the attic. He has been searching for the mirror copy of the family inheritance books all day."Draco knew that Pureblood houses that were joined in marriage had family books that were shared among each of the libraries. Draco saw these in the Black and Malfoy libraries.Neville held up the book he grabbed from the shelf, "So as long as Allison accepted her child into the family then their name should be in this book. So when I was born my mother and father added me to the book." He flipped through the pages and past the Longbottom pages and to the Harwood family list which read:Albert Green + Anabelle Harwood (H)Allison Harwood (H)Alice Longbottom (nee Harwood-Green)+ Frank LongbottomHermione Harwood* (H)Neville Longbottom + Hannah Abbot*September 1979: heir under protective care with Granger FamilyNeville and Draco both did a double-take at the name on that page."Well isn't that interesting." Hannah said out loud.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ End of Chapter ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I know that more info about Alice's history was disclosed by JKR and is on the wiki but I am going with my own take on her history! Hope you enjoyed it!

Happy happy Friday to everyone! Hope you enjoy this chap!Thanks so much to my amazing alpha, the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) / karasunova (AO3).Gotta send a special shout out to The Muse of Apollo and his betaing insights. I feel like commas are going to be the end of me, with his help all the issues have been fixed and going forward it will read SO much better. By this point I have reposted all 5 betaed chaps. So many thanks!Updated 8/24/20 with betaed chap!Chapter 5Draco's head was hurting with how complicated this situation was turning into. He left the manor after making a copy of the inheritance book. Draco advised Neville of the next steps in the reparation process given that they had to follow very strict protocols. Draco had to reach out to Hermione first and then Neville could reach out. Neville asked if Draco could give Hermione a letter after he reached out. He was excited and wanted to be kept up to date as the process moved forward. He left Hannah and Neville in a deep discussion.He had spoken with Sirius a few times about Hermione and Australia over the years. Sirius raved at the warm weather and the Granger's baking skills. He brought back treats every time and shared them with the family. Draco figured he might start with the last person to visit Hermione. He apparated to Grimmauld Place.He yelled from the foyer, "Uncle, you have a moment?"He walked into the kitchen and found Sirius making lunch in the expansive kitchen. "In here Draco, I am making fajitas for lunch. Do you want some?" As he turned around tossing the tortillas on the skillet, he saw the look of concern on Draco's face, "Hey what's up?""So I need to talk to you about Hermione." Draco sat down at the island with a huff.Sirius was confused, "Okay, you know I love to talk about my sister. But that look on your face says something different, what's going on?"He explained the situation and his discoveries. As Sirius listened to the explanation he served up the already prepared steak, peppers & onions on the browned tortillas and set a plate in front of Draco. He motioned to the salsa and guacamole already on the counter."Please eat up." Sirius sat down next to Draco."So this makes a lot of sense. I don't know if I told you about Hermione being adopted. But I will start at the beginning. She and I learned this when the Healer was able to return her parent's memories. They told us a story about a woman who removed their memories a few days after they took Hermione home. Jean said that the girl's name was Allison but no last name was ever given." Sirius took a bite of his food."Their memories were altered and they did not remember that she was adopted until the memory blocker was removed." Sirius continued. "So for the last few years, she and I have been trying to research all witches named Allison from that time period and there were over 50 Allison's that I have been able to find. I never thought it would have been Hermione's Allison. I don't remember her ever being pregnant but with the war, it was hard to keep track of everyone."They continued their discussion figuring out what to do with the information that they pieced together.Draco wrote down a timeline of events:September 1979 - Hermione Harwood was born.October 1979 - Hermione was given up for adoption into the Muggle world in England. Name was changed to Hermione Jean Granger. Allison removed the memories of the adoption from Jean and Edward's mind in order to protect her daughter.February 1980 - Allison Harwood and her parents were murdered by Bellatrix LestrangeJuly 1980 - Harry and Neville were born"Well Draco, quite frankly we will have to talk to someone else from those days to learn more about Allison. I don't remember much about her, she was at Hogwarts with us but that is about it. I think, more importantly, we need to tell Hermione what we have found out. Also, Neville deserves to reach out to her as well. She will be ecstatic to find some people from her biological family."Sirius stood up quickly and made his way into his study. "I have a letter from Hermione from last week," he said rifling through a file on his desk."Found it," he held the letter up. "She has been writing about coming back for some time. I think this could be a push for her to come back." Draco smiled at that, and Sirius had a scheming look in his eyes, "and maybe for good.""I agree with you. I assume you know where she lives right?"Sirius nodded. "I am going to make travel arrangements for us and get ready to go. Can you leave tonight to head there?""Yes, first let me go by Gin's work and tell her I am in fact going to be gone for a few days. I told her this morning I would probably have to leave for this next case. I will meet you back here in three hours?"Draco flooed over to the office and spent the next hour gathering and organizing the Lestrange files and cleaning his office. He met with each of his solicitors and told them that the new case would take him out of the country.He walked down the street to the Daily Prophet headquarters. Lacey the receptionist waved him into the building, knowing where he was heading. Draco climbed the three flights of stairs to the head offices.Luna stepped out of her office and gave Draco a hug. "Good afternoon, Draco. Ginny and Harry are hanging out at your apartment. She said he needed some sibling time so they are watching movies.""Thanks, Luna. I will head home then." Draco turned to walk back down the stairs.Luna grabbed his arm before he could walk away, "Draco, please bring our bookworm home, we all miss her dearly and I know she misses us too. I have been hearing her spirit crying for us lately." Luna let go of his arm and walked back into her office.Draco stopped in his tracks. Luna was always a bit eerie sometimes and he could have sworn she was the best legillimens in the world. How she magically knew things that he never said he would never know. However, Draco had come to accept that Luna just knew things because everything she said came true in the end. He apparated from Ginny's office to their flat.He appeared in the foyer and music was blaring through the apartment. Draco walked into the kitchen and stopped and stared at his fiance and Potter dancing around the kitchen. They had the newly released Lilo and Stitch soundtrack playing and were screaming at the top of their lungs. Thankfully the music was drowning out their terrible singing."Draco come join us," Ginny smiled. Draco saw a bottle of wine that had been started by the two of them.Draco turned down the music and walked into the kitchen and pointed to the wine bottle. "Starting early I see."Ginny danced around him with her wine glass in her hand. "Harry needed a movie day, my love and we just happened to have that bottle of wine from France that I wanted to share with him. So, perfect opportunity. This stuff is way more potent now that it has aged." She finished her glass and danced back over to the oven to check on what was inside."Afternoon Draco. Apparently we are waiting on the monstrosity of a pizza to finish baking. It has so many ingredients that I lost track. But at least it smells delicious."Draco laughed. "Oh yes, Ginny's Stitch-ed Together pizza- tastes way better than it looks, mate.""So Robin, I am going to leave today for that work trip. I need to get going and get this case settled" Draco said to Ginny, as he walked past Harry."I am going to go get the movie set up while the pizza bakes." Harry said. "You two take your time, I'll make myself scarce. I guess I will be staying here all week or she at GP or the Manor since she hates being alone while you're gone."There was a pang in Harry's chest when he saw Draco take Ginny into his arms to talk to her. Harry wanted to find that kind of love that Ginny found in Draco. No one, however, was a match for Harry and his personality, fame, or money. Harry finally understood that he deserved to be loved like that but that love was scarce."Have fun with Harry, Robin. Please make sure you get some sleep, the last time you two stayed up forever, Luna said you were a mess at work. I don't know how long I'll be gone could be a few days or a week. Please tell mum that I want to know everything you discuss at the seating arrangement meeting. I left my notes on the desk in the binder.""We won't make any decisions without you, love." Ginny rested her head on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. "Where are you going this time?""Australia again." Draco ran his hands through her hair feeling guilty because he couldn't tell her any more about what he was going to do and even more guilty because of his sad friend in the other room."Oh Draco, can you bring me back some Lamington? You know it was my absolute favorite when we went down under and I want to have mum try it so we can try to recreate it for the wedding. The stuff in the store is not the same and I was going to order some online but this is better." Ginny giggled as the timer went off on the pizza.Draco magically pulled the pizza out of the oven so he could keep his Robin in his arms for a while longer. "Of course I will get some of our favorite treats and bring back a full cake of Lamington since we both love that stuff. I have to leave now, though, my beautiful bird." He pulled her closer and kissed her hard. "I'll miss you."Hermione was sitting outside her parent's house on the back porch swing with her mother. Hermione sighed, "Mum, I wrote back to Sirius last week about coming to visit."Over the last four years, Hermione only corresponded with Sirius while she worked with her therapist. Writing to Harry, Ron, and the others would bring up too many things that she needed to work through. Hermione had to find her voice and since Sirius wasn't there toward the end, writing to him helped her reflect."Mom, I think I am finally fine with England and my past. I know where it belongs and I don't feel broken anymore. Quite frankly, I've been missing everyone desperately."Hermione wanted her friends back. She had spent time recovering from the war and healing herself. But her social life in Australia was very lonely. She found it hard to relate to the magical community in Australia. She would interact with them as the local bookshop owner but either they wanted her to tell them fantastical tales from her days at Hogwarts or they tiptoed around the subject. She wanted friends that she didn't have to put walls up for.Jean ran her hands through Hermione's hair. "I think that is an excellent idea, Hermione. Your dad and I have been talking to Molly about opening a second branch of the Sweet Shoppe near the Burrow. We were wanting to go back for an extended visit and have been trying to figure out when to go - this works perfectly."Hermione smiled at her mom. She knew something was in the works with the Weasley matriarch for the past few months. They had reconnected with Molly and Arthur shortly after their memories were returned to them. The parents had been close friends through Hermione's years at Hogwarts.Edward had reached out to Arthur during Hermione's first year at Hogwarts because he was lost in the magical world. He wanted to know more about the world for his daughter's sake and he did not want to lose her. Molly and Jean bonded over their love of their children and quickly a friendship formed that lasted through the years. They would visit each other throughout the school years and celebrated many holidays together. Through their friendship, Hermione had been allowed a lot of freedom at the Weasleys and in the magical world.Molly had been concerned about Jean and Edward's lack of responses to their letters after Hermione went to the Burrow before Bill and Fleur's wedding. She technically had not lied to Molly when she said they went into hiding. After the war, Molly wholeheartedly supported Hermione going to find her parents. She wanted Hermione to have her parents and she wanted her friend back. Molly and Jean shared a love of baking, which they had discovered over their years of friendship, despite their being from different worlds."Well, I guess we will have to start planning our trip back." Jean smiled at her daughter."Ladies, this dinner show is about to start," Edward yelled from the kitchen."Coming, Daddy." Hermione and Jean stood up and headed into the house, Edward was standing in the middle of the kitchen and wearing a kiss the chef apron. He was standing behind his new teppanyaki griddle which had bowls of chopped meats and vegetables surrounding it. Jane purchased the grill for Edward for his birthday and he spent the last week learning how to safely cook on it. He figured he would add his own random movements, until he learned the complicated routine he saw the chefs perform."Are you ladies ready for the SHOW of the year?" Edward asked as he started moving the knife and spatula in crazy motions, not at all coordinated but he was having so much fun.Edward went to pour oil on the pan when the doorbell rang. Edward stopped and Hermione went to answer the door.She pulled open the door and there stood, to her utter surprise, found Sirius Black and Draco Malfoy standing in front of her.On her doorstep. In Australia."Hey, little sis! Got a moment to talk?" Sirius grinned.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~End of Chapter~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Happy Friday!(or Saturday depending on timezones)!

Happy Tuesday to my wonderful readers here is chapter 6. This chap it's all shiny and betaed! I went back and reposted chaps 1 to 5 on both FF and A03, not much has changed, fixed a lot of punctuation issues and some minor changes to how a few of the scenes went. Nothing that will impact the story!We officially have an ending to the fic, I wrote 19 (and rewrote and rewrote) it this last weekend. Thanks so much to my alpha, the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) for all her help keeping this muse on track!Gotta send a special shout out to The Muse of Apollo, the wonderful beta for this fic! You will see a much more polished story going forward with his help! So glad to have his help because I swear commas are going to be the end of me.I hope you enjoy this chapter!Chapter 6Hermione was speechless at the sight of the men standing in front of her, not comprehending why they were there and her mind was going into overdrive. Her heart was aching for her friend and he was RIGHT here."Sirius." Hermione smiled as she pulled Sirius into a Granger bear hug."I've missed you, little sis." Sirius did not want to end the hug, it had been far too long since he had visited."Missed you, too." Hermione laughed trying to keep her tears at bay. Seeing Sirius and his warmth and friendship was filling a very deep hole inside Hermione. "Looks like you decided to jump on that last letter.""Well, kind of." They walked into the living room. Draco followed behind and closed the door."Hi, Draco." She was confused about why Draco was accompanying Sirius to her house. Sirius always came to visit on his own. Draco was carrying an official-looking briefcase. "So, what are you two doing here?"Jean came around the corner when she heard male voices in the living room, and asked with a huge smile on her face, "Sirius Orion Black, what are you doing in my house? You must have been reading our minds and came to visit us early."Sirius wrapped Hermione and Jean in a bear hug. He loved these two amazing ladies and it had been far too long since he had seen them."Ladies invite whomever that is to the kitchen now. I need to get COOKING," Edward yelled from the kitchen.Jean smiled at Draco, "The look on your face says you need to talk with us about something serious. Why don't we have dinner and then we can talk about whatever is in that briefcase?"Draco nodded, "That sounds like a good plan, Mrs. Granger. Hermione, is that okay with you?"Hermione laughed, "Mum has spoken and it shall be. I guess I can hold my curiosity for another few hours about why you are here Draco. Plus Sirius, Mum brought home some Lamington and vanilla strudel-""Be still my heart Jean Grangers baking," Sirius exclaimed and led the way to the kitchen.A few hours later the five of them were sitting around the dining room table. Draco and Sirius presented them with the information they had found and explained the timeline they had figured out.Hermione's face went blank. She was trying to process everything they had said. She stood up from the table and started pacing back and forth. She asked Draco and Sirius to repeat everything so she could put her thoughts together. The room went silent as she tried to process everything. Waves could be heard crashing against the rocks outside."So my biological mother is Allison Harwood." She paused and let out a deep breath. "Sirius, did we ever check her off of that list we were looking at before?""Yeah we did cross her off in the beginning… none of us knew she was pregnant."She sighed, "So her modifying my parent's memories was to protect me from Voldermort and the Deatheaters because the Harwoods were a light family, right?""Alice and Allison fought alongside all of us in the war," Sirius said with a nod. "I don't remember what she did after the Hogwarts graduation. I know their murder is part of why the Longbottom's went into hiding earlier than the Potters.""That bitch killed them," she hissed, as tears started to spill down her cheeks and she sat back down at the table with her head in her hands.When Jean and Edward reclaimed their memories, they asked Hermione to be honest with them about her experiences in the war. She told them about Bellatrix Lestrange and her history with the crazed woman. Jean still could not believe what her daughter had been through that night at Malfoy Manor and anytime it was brought up her heart hurt for her girl.Hermione's mind raced through these memories of the Lestranges and that fateful night in Malfoy Manor. "I hate that evil, vile, horrible, and terrible loathsome bitch," she screamed that last part, anger coursing through her veins.She looked at Draco in the eyes and saw the shame in his eyes."Hermione, I am so sorry that I was a coward that night." Draco's words hung in the air like the salt from the ocean breeze that blew through the window."Draco, if you had spoken up, would it have done anything?" He shook his head."Your silence saved our lives," Hermione continued. "We were all in a stupid chaotic mess that was none of our faults. My therapist and I talked about that night a lot as I couldn't sleep in a house alone without having night terrors. Draco… I do not blame you. Don't take that guilt into yourself. I hate that bitch, not you."Tears fell down Draco's cheeks. This was a release of guilt that he had been holding for years. When he saw Hermione's name at Longbottom Manor, all those emotions came to the surface that had been tucked away in the back of his mind. "Hermione you are a better person than most.""I've grown up and fought my demons and you are not one of them, Draco." She shrugged her shoulders trying to focus on something different.She turned her left arm towards him and he could see in clear view the place where she was marked by Bellatrix. Instead of a jagged scar, Draco saw the magnificent tattoo that flowed from her neck down her shoulder and arm. The phoenix shot flames filled with so many symbols that the only ones he could make out were a lightning bolt and the deathly hallows symbol. He noticed that the symbols flowed through the shape of her mudblood scar.Draco turned his left arm towards her so that she could see his dark mark scar. After Voldemort was destroyed all of the Deatheaters were left with a jagged scar that could not be removed from their arms. He had the same idea as Hermione and had a dragon weave in and out of the scar with scales and flames covering the scar itself. It was a green and red dragon, which surprised Hermione."That is beautiful, Draco." Hermione pointed towards her scar, "Mine was a traumatic experience and was not of any fault of my own. I hope you see that yours is the same way, you were never given a choice."Sirius smiled at his nephew, proud of how far he had come in five short years.Draco tipped his head towards Sirius, "Black here made me and Harry go see both a Muggle and Magical therapists. I needed to talk about my demons and nightmares and life. I knew after the war that I needed help but I didn't know that it would change my life and make me into the man I am today. I have finally healed a lot of my scars and this was the icing on the cake. I needed to turn something ugly that held so much pain into beauty and something that I am proud to wear." Draco used the sleeve of his shirt to wipe the tears from his face and handed her his handkerchief to wipe her face."Such a gentleman Malfoy, who knew when I punched you in the face so many years ago that you would be giving me your hanky." Hermione made the cloth wet and wiped her face as best she could. "I wanted to do the same thing with my tattoo and didn't realize that when you get a magical tattoo, it is living in your skin and reflects your emotions. Really brings to life the expression 'I wear my feelings on my sleeve'."Jean laughed, "I love being able to see what you are thinking, Hermione.""Yeah, they are unique," Draco said with a smile. "I found a muggle artist near my therapist's office and fell in love with the artwork I saw in the windows. When I showed her my scar, she didn't cringe like a magical artist would have and drew this dragon before she even knew my name was Draco. It is the creature I feel most connected to."Sirius grabbed Hermione's hand wanting to change the tone of the conversation, "I know this was a huge bombshell that we just dropped on your life. But really, it answers a lot of questions you had. I think you should explore your heritage because Alice and Allison were pretty powerful witches. If that memory block she put on your parents says anything. Also, you can start the search for who your bio-dad is."She let out a deep breath, focus on the positives of all of this, not on the negative. She at least knew the answer to one piece of the puzzle of her adoption. "Oh, Alice and Allison were sisters, so that means that Neville is my…" her mind finally caught up with her, "my cousin."Her face lit up, she only ever had her parents as she was growing up. Jean and Edward were only children and she never had the experience of an extended family. And Neville, she knew him and now he was a part of her family."He wrote this letter to you." Draco pulled out a letter and handed it across to her.Hermione took it and placed it delicately in front of her. "You know what is funny, Mum and I were talking about coming back for an extended vacation. I miss my home and it's not just the place, I miss Harry, Ron, Ginny, you Sirius, Luna, and everyone else that is linked to this crazy life."I guess I just don't know how to step back into my life there because I am a different person." Hermione's voice was low and full of so much vulnerability, "I just left everyone and everything and never came back." She balled her fists in anger and frustration at herself, "I had to do this for me to heal from all the scars but I feel that I," tears welled in her eyes and her breath hitched, "just abandoned everyone. I left when he probably needed someone there most. Will they ever forgive me?" The last part was said at almost a whisper."Hermione, you don't have to feel bad for leaving to heal yourself. Everyone had to deal with their PTSD in their own way, you needed to be here with your parents. There is no shame in that." Draco was trying to help but felt like he was failing, "The main thing that people mention when your name is brought up is how much they miss you and want you to come home."In his mind, Draco added that Potter would be the first person to welcome her back with open arms. Harry had confided in Draco that he knew who was missing from his life and he wanted to do something about it. But it was not Draco's place to drop that knowledge on her, she needed to see that for herself."Plus, Hermione, Luna has already told me I had to bring you home, your spirit has apparently been calling out to her. And that woman is scarily right about everything." The group broke up laughing, the tension broke, all of them looking forward to the family's return.~~~~~ End of Chapter ~~~~~And now its off to England everyone :)! Happy Tuesday!

Happy Monday to everyone, I am so happy to share this chapter with you! Without further ado… and with many many many thanks to the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) and The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!Chapter 7Hermione's sense of time was all messed up - she quite literally traveled back nine hours back in time. To her body it was early in the evening but it was in fact late morning in England. She shook her head and took the potion that Sirius had given her before he left Australia. It would help to negate the floo-lag effects and reaccustom her body to UK time.Her parents left the day before by plane since they had a very sickening experience using international floo a few years before. They swore they would never travel by magical means again.Hermione had spent her last day in Australia at the Hidden Codex and ended her day sitting on the beach watching the sun go down. She mused over how quickly everything had come together in the last week. Draco had left two days later, needing to finish the last steps for the Lestrange case, and promised Hermione he would find out more information about the inheritance of the Harwood estate. Sirius left Australia earlier in the week to get things ready for the expansion of the Sweet Shoppe. The Black Foundation was investing in fast-tracking the opening of the shop in England with Molly, Jean, and Edward. Jean and Edward were going to stay at the Burrow with Molly and Arthur while they searchedfor the new location for the Sweet Shoppe.Sirius invited Hermione to stay at Grimmauld Place as he kept the room by the library for her. She spent the week sending letters to her friends and getting the Hidden Codex ready to be run by her assistant manager.Over the last four years, Hermione had a lot of things she wanted to say to the people in her life back home but didn't know if she should. Her therapist thought it would be a good idea for her to write the feelings down into letters but wait to send them until she was ready to send them or when she was ready to go back and see them. She was eternally grateful that she had done a lot of the emotional heavy lifting by having already written letters to her friends. She took a day and wrote notes saying that she was coming back for a long visit to see everyone and sent the previously written letters with them.Hermione kept a separate journal where she wrote to Harry every week she called it her Dear Harry journal. When she made the decision to stay in Australia for an extended period of time, she felt such immense guilt for leaving him. She had never left Harry, no matter what happened in their lives, she was always by his side. It was like a piece of her heart that had been missing when she didn't write to him. She found that writing in the journal every week was a way to cope with the loneliness. In the beginning, she always thought she would eventually send the journal to him, so he could see that he was never far from her thoughts.This is exactly what she did the day after she decided to come back to England. She wrote him a letter explaining about the journal and that she hoped he would see that he had never been far from her thoughts.Harry sent back a stack of letters that he had written but never sent her. She spent a lot of time sitting by her fireplace reading through his monthly letters from the last four years. She could see that even though she was not there in person, she had been on his mind as much as he had been on hers. She could not wait to see him and that is why she caught an earlier floo back to England that morning. She wanted to find Harry and see him before the welcome back dinner at the Burrow that night.Hermione apparated after she made her way out of customs to Grimmauld Place to drop off her luggage. The house was a welcome silence from the hustle and bustle of the city.Hermione walked around Grimmauld Place, taking in the remodeled interior of the house. Sirius spent a lot of time turning the house into a welcoming and inviting home. The exterior looked the same as it had been the last time she was there, albeit much cleaner. The inside was such a contrast as it looked like a modern loft with exposed beams, concrete, and steel accents everywhere.She set her purse down on the table in the entrance hallway and poked her head into the large combined open kitchen, living, and dining room. He combined the first and second floor of this part of the house and the light from the wall of windows facing the park filled the space with sunshine.Sirius had redecorated the room on what had been the third floor near the library for her. It was cozily painted in a rich blue tone with gold accents. She was especially glad to see the fireplace that adorned an entire wall with bookshelves surrounding it. She was going to use that fireplace everyday, instant therapy at the lighting of the wood.Next to the window was a desk and her owl was sitting on the perch next to it, asleep. The jet black owl opened one eye at the opening of the door. He stretched his wings and hooted at her."Hey, Frankie boy." She grabbed a treat from the desk and handed it to him. He delicately took the treat from her and ate it while she rubbed his head, "I am glad you made it here, fella. Would you be up for taking a letter to Harry for me after I get a shower?"The owl hooted with a response that Hermione knew to mean yes."But first, mister, I brought you your home." She pulled her beaded bag out of her pocket and dug around until she found the shrunk down extra-large perch and play structure that had toys, platforms, and a nesting box on different levels for the Owl to enjoy. An islander in the Torres Straits made custom perches for birds and she found this one when she was visting the islands in the north of Australia. She knew that her newly adopted owl would need more stimulation. Hermione always paused to admire the masterful workmanship. The perches were carved from different types of wood and had interciate shapes carved into them.She reached her arm out and allowed Frankie to gently step out onto her forearm. She put the perch on the floor and quickly reversed the shrinking spell. She kissed the owl on the head before she moved her arm over to the level that had his food and water dishes. He started preening himself, completely happy to be on his throne."Now that you're all set, my boy, it's time to unpack." She pulled all of the contents out of her bag and onto the bed. Everything quickly found a place around the room, clothes into the wardrobe, pictures around the room, and knickknacks on the shelves and desk. She grabbed her bathroom stuff and headed to the bathroom to grab a quick shower and change.She made her way back into the room and threw her clothes in the laundry basket. She turned around and Frankie was staring at her then looked at the paper on the desk, "Sorry boy, let me write the letters real quick." She knew he was just as impatient as she was.She sat down at the desk and wrote a note to Harry and Ron that she was going to go to Diagon Alley and wanted to meet them there if they could.She rolled up the letters and sealed them. She grabbed the small bag that was hanging on the side of the perch. Frankie turned around and she put the letters in the bag and buckled it on to his back. She never liked tieing letters to their foot, it seemed so antiquated and a terribly inefficient way for them to fly. When she found Frankie at an owlery in Australia she made the small backpack that had an undetectable extension charm on it so that he could fly easier.Frankie carefully walked his way over to the window, which magically opened for him and dove out it. She watched as he flew over the park and into the distance.Hermione stepped foot in Diagon Alley for the first time in four years. She stopped to take in all of the sights, smells and sounds that flooded her senses. The Australian Wizarding community was spread out throughout the large country. Hermione never saw so many magical people in one place, except when she visited the Academy. Even the large school didn't come close to this epicenter of British magical society. It was overwhelming and comforting at the same time.Hermione stood there for a long time looking around at all the people milling about the Alley, it seemed pretty busy for a Friday morning. Her eyes floated over to the tables set outside of Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour. She watched a couple enjoying a morning cinnamon roll and coffee. Hermione loved seeing how the perfect bite of food could make a person light up. Hermione worked at the Sweet Shoppe and her appreciation for food and grew. She thoroughly enjoyed cooking and baking especially since it was very process-oriented.Hermione noticed the glares people shot back at her and realized that she was holding up traffic. She joined the rush of people and continued down the alley taking in all of the changes. There were many more offshoots from the main thoroughfare with new businesses that had started after the war. On her right, Weasley's Wizard Wheezes had taken over an entire city block in the Alley and had expanded up into four stories of shopping. She looked around trying to see if Harry or Ron were waiting for her but did not see them. She had to remind herself that she had just sent the letters just fifteen minutes before.Hermione's eyes lit up as she saw what she considered her Diagon Alley home, Flourish & Blotts. The outside of the building looked exactly the same as it had when she first visited that shop so many years ago. The stores next door had changed, as was life, but it was the same bookstore that warmed her heart and soul. She felt a pang in her heart for her Codex. Like magic, she was drawn into the warm embrace of Flourish and Blotts.Harry had a pep in his step as he moved through the crowds in Diagon Alley. It seemed to be busier than normal for Friday. Harry was a man on a mission this morning. He wanted to find some new ingredients for a dessert he wanted to make for the welcome home party. Last year the Cibus Cove Farmers market opened in Diagon Alley to much acclaim. The Black Foundation purchased a block of buildings and opened it up to allow local farmers and artisanal foodies from around the community to open shops. It was a very popular foodie destination and where Harry did most of his grocery shopping. He wanted to make something unique for the party but needed some inspiration.He watched as the crowds sidestepped a woman who had stopped in the middle of Alley and wasn't moving. Harry could relate to the stranger, he knew that feeling of seeing Diagon Alley for the first time, it was magical in so many ways. She turned and walked into Flourish and Blotts before he could see her face.He got distracted when he saw a jet black owl land on a perch hoot at him. He quickly recognized the owl as Hermione's familiar, which he had just met when Hermione had finally sent him a letter. He walked over to the owl, "Hey, Frank."Frank turned around and Harry opened the bag on his back and saw two letters addressed, one to him and the other to Ron. He took his letter and closed the backpack. The owl took off towards the Auror office.Harry opened the letter and smiled at the familiar scrawl,Hey Harry,I got an early floo in and wanted to see if you and Ron wanted to get together before the party. I can't wait to see you. I am going to head to Diagon Alley and will find somewhere to wait for you. Send Frankie back if you can't make it.Love,HermioneHarry received the first letter in four years from Hermione a week ago with the news that she was coming back to England. She included her journal with the letter and asked him to read it.Harry stayed up all night reading through her 'Dear Harry' journal. He read about her journey over the last four years. It was such an emotional roller-coaster that she took him on in the book from her breakdown in the middle of the monsoon to telling her family everything about the war to her struggles on the anniversary of the final battle each year. He could see the evolution of Hermione as she wrote page after page of updates in the journal. As the years went by he could see her healing as she grew into herself and built her confidence. The last entry detailed exactly what Draco had told her about her biological family and her musings on it. She ended it with a note to Harry, that read: "So starts a new journey for me, the Harwood Heritage Hunt, no wait that's too punny of a name. Well whatever I am going to call this, I cannot wait to have you by my side, Harry Potter, if you'll join me."As hurt as he had been when she stayed in Australia, this journal gave him a better insight into why she made the hard decision that she did. It helped him to heal a lot of the pain. After Harry finished the journal, he got the courage to send her the letters that he had written to her each month that she was gone. He hoped she would see his journey of growth and healing through them, as he was doing with her journal.Harry carefully folded the letter and headed in the same direction the owl had flown to get Ron and find Hermione. He quickly walked into the white marble building. The serious expression on people standing around the lobby made Harry eternally grateful for leaving the academy. He and his friends fought the big bad and he was glad to have a job focused on building a better future for the world.He stopped in front of the secretary, "Hi Shelly, I am here to Auror Weasley, I don't have an appointment-""Heya Harry," Ron came out of the back of the building holding up Hermione's letter with a huge grin on his face, "Let's go find the brains to our operation."They walked out of the office and down the alley.Hermione wandered around the shop. In just a few minutes she had found two books that had caught her interest. She had to stop herself from getting lost for hours in the book store, she had to find her best friends. She stepped back out into the hustle and bustle of Diagon Alley, her heart so much lighter. She looked around the alley and her gaze stopped on the duo across the street.Harry was scanning the area looking for his Hermione and almost tripped when he stepped on the untied lace of his trainer. Harry stopped to tie his shoe across the street from Flourish and Blotts."Harry, it's Hermione." He pointed at the entrance to the bookstore and Harry's eyes went instantly to the sunkissed brunette staring at them.Harry's heart skipped a beat when he realized she was the woman that he had seen stopped in the alley that morning. But this was not the Hermione of their childhood. It looked like she spent every day in the sun with her olive tanned shoulders. Hermione was dressed in a bright red and gold sundress and her left arm was covered in a magical tattoo that went from shoulder to hand. He remembered reading all about her in her journal and it looked so much better in person. Hermione's brown eyes locked with his green and a tear slid down Hermione's cheek as she smiled.Hermione flung herself from the entrance and ran across the cobble lined street. Harry swore that she looked like a phoenix flying towards them as her dress and hair flowed behind her. Harry took off that instant towards her. His heart was screaming to have her in his arms."Harry." She exclaimed as she reached him and jumped into his outstretched arms with more abandon than she had done that fateful day at the end of their second year when she was unpetrified."Hermione," Harry picked her up and spun her around and around, elated that she was finally here in his arms. Harry smiled as he placed her back down on the ground.Hermione had dreamed of this moment for so long and it was even better than she ever imagined. Her heart skipped a beat as she was surrounded by his familiar presence. Hermione felt light-headed at the rush of emotions that coursed through her veins."Ronald." she laughed as he caught up to the two of them in the middle of the alley joined them in a three way hug. Everything clicked in place, the Trio was back.Her teary eyes met Harry's emerald eyes first, so many unspoken words passed between them in an instant. A blush crept on both their cheeks.Hermione never wanted this moment to end. Tears were flowing freely now as she whispered, "I missed you both so much."Ron broke the silence, "Feels like we are back at school and the brains of our operation has returned to us." They all laughed, "It's been far too long, Hermione, and look at how grown up I am, no more handshakes between us.""Glad your emotional range has grown Ronald, what is it now a cup?"Ron stepped back from them and burst out laughing. Harry grinned at her, "I wouldn't say it's that much bigger."Noticing the looks that he was getting from the people passing by, Ron stopped laughing so loud. "Come on Hermione you know me, I am a bit dense sometimes but my Luna has helped, so pretty close to the cup. So how does lunch sound to the two of you, my treat?"Hermione nodded, "That sounds good, I don't really remember when's the last time I ate, it's morning now right?" the trio started down the street to a new restaurant that Ron told them he wanted to try.Harry kept his arm around her shoulder as they walked down the street, Harry whispered, "I am never letting you go, Hermione."Hermione's heart was screaming at his declaration, she brushed strands of hair from his eyes, "Don't you ever let go, Harry."~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ End of Chapter ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I hope you liked that… the trio is back together!

Happy Friday and I hope you enjoy it! Took so long because I added five more pages of writing to this chap in the last week :)!So many thanks to the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) and The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!Chapter 8The trio walked out of Diagon Alley and into the muggle world."So this place is new and has like tapas meets pub food and so much beer." Ron stopped and looked at Hermione, "oh I forgot to ask do you…""Ronald, give me a strong IPA any day and I am a happy girl. The perfect first meal back in London - fancy pub grub."They continued on and five minutes later stopped in front of the restaurant. The front wall of windows was actually garage doors that had been opened up to take full advantage of the wonderful weather.Ron walked up to the hostess and then motioned for them to follow as she took them to their seat.A very cheerful man walked up to their table as they sat down. "Welcome to Beer Merchants Tap, I am Jack, I am going to be helping you today. First, you will see a large selection of beers on the back of your menu, please let me know if you have any questions or want to try a sample. I am going to bring you out some waters and give you a chance to look everything over."Hermione instantly flipped the menu over, taking in the over fifty beers they had on tap and triple that in cans and bottles. They had beers from all over the continent and a large assortment of local English beers. Her eyes moved around the list mentally notating which ones she wanted to try. She looked up and found Harry and Ron staring at her."What?""Never thought I would see the day that you would be studying a beer menu with that same look you had a Hogwarts when you found a new book." Harry grinned."No, it's that look she had when rereading Hogwarts a History." Ron laughed."I love beer, it's my favorite adult drink. My dad introduced it to me and it's something we bonded over. And just so you know, Ronald, Hogwarts a History pairs quite well with a stout or Belgian," she said with a grin."Of course you'd know the right book and beer pairings. So Ron, what is good here?" Harry asked looking at the overwhelming amount of beers listed on the menu.Ron flipped his menu to the food side, "The truffle fries, steak & kidney hushpuppies, oh, the treacle pudding empanada were excellent." Ron noticed Harry pointing at the beer menu. "Oh yeah, beers. I don't know, I usually just get a pint of Guinness-""Ronald," Hermione said with a shake of her head, "in this kind of restaurant you have to try new things. That's the point of it. We have a restaurant like this on the beach near the Sweet Shoppe, they bring together all the breweries in the area and sell everything on tap. The food is super beachy but still the same concept. I have tried so many new things that way, that's how I learned to like IPA's. You have no idea what you'll like-"She stopped noticing the mirth on both of their faces. Ron laughed, "Glad to know you are still our Hermione. I got my first Granger lecture in less than an hour of you being back. Ah feels good.""Ron you choose the food, I will order us drinks," Hermione said with a roll of her eyes."I like this idea, then I don't have to make any choices." Harry pushed his menu to the middle of the table.Ron focused on the food menu while Hermione turned to Harry, "What do you like to drink Harry?"Harry shrugged his shoulders, "I like dark and hoppy beers but I will try anything. You have fun choosing." The look of delight on her face made him smile."Then we are getting flights and trying new stuff." Hermione grabbed a pen from the middle of the table and started marking up the paper menu."What's a flight?" Ron asked"A flight is you choose four different beers and they give you small servings of them. It gives you a chance to try more beers. Its a good way to get to try a little bit of everything and not drink an entire pint of each flavor.""Well you have even more fun choosing, that's way too many options for me." Ron laughed.When the server came back they proceeded to order their flights of beers and food. After the server brought their drinks, Harry held up a glass and they clinked their glasses together. "Cheers to the first of many lunches together again.""Well, that is If this ole workaholic over here ever takes a break." Harry nodded his head towards Ron. Harry wanted to let Ron fill Hermione in on his life, he knew that Ron's letter writing skills left something to be desired. He had the journals and she had his letters, and he planned to find more time to dive deeper into what they had read.Ron sighed, "well with my project finally getting off the ground, my responsibilities have increased a lot…"Hermione took a sip of her beer, enjoying the bitter fruity taste, "You did not mention a new project in your letters.""Too much to explain in the letters. I spent two weeks last summer working with a wizard that had joined the City of London Police. He left the Auror academy two years before the final battle - he had had enough of the bigotry. He knew Percy back in the day and reached out to connect with someone in the Academy after the war. I learned so much and there is so much that the muggles do that I think could help us out a lot. So I proposed the idea to do a longer internship with the muggle police to my Captain last fall.""Did they give you a lot of issues getting it started?" Hermione asked knowing how difficult the ministry was to change.Ron finished his first beer taster and moved to the second. "Reggie was very receptive to it but the others above him were very hesitant. Things have been improving over the last four years but you still have bigots in the Ministry that make our lives hard. They wouldn't come out and say 'we can't learn anything from the muggles' so they decided to focus on the financial aspect of it."He pointed at the second cup half drank, "This is really good, well glad I now know I like amber ale. They said they would be wasting the salary of perfectly good Aurors on this crazy idea. So I came up with the idea to ask for Junior Aurors and myself to be assigned to this."Ron paused when Jack brought the first round of food to the table."Beers all good?" Jack asked and the trio all nodded, "Let me know if you need anything else.""Thanks Jack," Ron grabbed a truffle fry from the plate and ate it, "This is my favorite thing here, so good." he took another sip of beer, "So I had so many meetings over the last half a year justifying this to everyone under the sun. On the flip side, I also had to make sure my contact with the PD was able to get the appropriate permissions for our venture. Its been a logistical nightmare" he shook his head, "But it all has come together over the last month so in a month the two Greenies and I will be donning the muggle uniform and spending anywhere from six months to a year serving with them in various capacities from patrolling the streets to management roles."Hermione was a bit taken aback. This was not the Ron from their childhood, he had grown up so much and was stepping up and taking leadership. She and Harry listened as he told the story of how he ended up in the River Thames after chasing down a thief. They finished the first round of drinks and food and ordered more. They got the pint-size of their favorite beer from their flights."Well, I have been talking too much," Ron grinned. "Thanks for making me try something new, I really liked that amber ale. Still don't know how you two can drink IPAs - they're gross.""We have elevated tastes, Ron," Harry teased. "So how do you like Grimmauld Place?"Hermione shrugged, "Grimmauld Place is amazing. You two did a really great job with the remodel, it looks like a completely different house.""You like your room?""I love it, I am shocked that Sirius came up with all those choices-"Harry laughed and raised his hand, "That was me, I designed your room. Sirius' idea of decorating is to slap some gold and red on everything and call it house colors. He did a lot of the structural planning with the engineers and I did most of the decorating, with some help from Ginny. He of course likes to take the credit.""Well it's just perfect Harry, I was really happy to see the shelves filled with books that I have not read. Thanks for all your hard work." She clinked glasses with him.Harry was pleased with her reaction to the room. He took a lot of inspiration for it from one of the reading rooms in the library at Potter manor. He thought it would make a good bedroom design. He handpicked the books to fill the shelves the evening before from the Potter library."Feel good to be back?" Ron asked.She shrugged her shoulders, "No clue Ron, right now I am living in the moment. I am just glad I got to see you two first and have a beer. Everything else… kind of a bundle of nerves about everything."Ron started in on the barbecue chicken nachos, "I'll admit I was mad when you didn't return and even more so when Harry dropped out of the Academy. But I am glad that you stayed and he left, you ripped that plaster right off. I needed to stand on my own away from the two of you and my family. I think I have succeeded in standing on my own. All I have done in the Auror's has been for me and because I worked my ass off for it.""Same here, as I am sure you have read in the letters, I was angry with you for a long time for leaving. I felt so alone and the only thing that saved me was going to therapy. My family life was shit and a lot about Hogwarts was rough. You were the one that I depended the most on and who never left." he drank a sip of his beer and continued, "But that anger was not fair to you and that realization was a big turning point for me. I realized that my hurt and anger towards you was misplaced. I finally understood that you left to heal yourself and I had to do the same thing. Really, the three of us really had to stand on our own."Hermione let out a deep breath she had been holding in, "I agree with that Harry. I spent so much time focusing on taking care of you two and others that I never focused on me. I hated being alone and could not sit by myself in my thoughts. I am so thankful for my therapist because I would not have worked up the courage to face the scary thoughts by myself." Hermione took a sip of her beer and gathered her thoughts.Harry set his drink down and reached over and grabbed her hand, tracing circles on her palm as she continued, "Even though I am now fine being alone, I missed you two everyday. Before Sirius and Draco came, I had that letter written to both of you saying that I wanted to come visit."Harry smiled, knowing that from her journal and gave her hand a squeeze of reassurance.Ron laughed, "I knew you couldn't stay away forever. The trio had to get back together."They smiled at each other.Hermione turned to Harry "So I know that Ron was at work this morning, Harry what were you up to?""I took the day off from work today, wanted to make food for the party tonight and help set up. Me and my team from the Foundation all worked too many hours leading up to the fifth anniversary event. So we are all exhausted and are taking random days off to relax and unwind. The rest of the time is collating data from the fifth anniversary event. And preparing to start on our next project."Harry saw her eyes shine at the mention of the project, "I will tell you all about the project later, right now since we are all done with the food, how about we head to Cibus and get the dessert stuff?""What is Cibus? And do you know what dessert we are going to make?" she asked quickly."It's a farmer's market started by the Black Foundation in Diagon Alley. I have no clue what we are going to make. I wanted to get some inspiration from whatever is there.""Sounds good. I'll go pay." Ron got up from the tableHarry and Hermione finished the last sips of their drinks. Hermione grabbed the last fry as Harry went to grab it. She split it in half and handed it to him."So generous of you.""I try Harry, I try."They left the restaurant and walked back into the Alley. Hermione had a slight buzz from the beer and good company. The boys were pointing out changes in the buildings as they walked. The coffee shop, Wizards Brew was calling her name, and right next to it was an Alchemist, Got Brews.She pointed out the shops to Harry as they walked down the road, "so punny."He grinned at her.They ended at the Cubis Cove. It was in one of the taller buildings in the alley that was painted in bright pastel colors. It looked like an Easter egg had thrown up all over it but it definitely stood out. Hermione looked up at the windows which had colorful advertisements and even some of the items displayed. The fruit basket in the window on the right looked like it had the most perfect fruit she had ever seen in it, considering the cost of 30 galleons, she hoped it was designer fruit like what they sold in Japan.Ron opened the door, and Harry followed Hermione in, his hand on the small of her back guiding her to left. They must have walked around for a good two hours exploring all of the vendors in the market. Harry was in his element, this was his favorite place to hang out and now he was here with two of his favorite people.They stopped in the food court area and grabbed a boba tea. Harry and Hermione were discussing favorite desserts to make. Ron just sat back and enjoyed his Thai tea, not knowing anything about baking, happy to let them debate the dessert of choice.Hermione grabbed a pad of paper out of her pocket and pen. She proceeded to draw a picture of the cake with the three very distinct layers, "I know what dessert we should make. It's called a Jelly Slice. So, it's a trio of flavors made by the Golden Trio."The guys shook their heads at her attempt at a joke."So what I love about this is it looks super fancy but is simple to make. It was the third dessert I learned how to make at the Shoppe. My mum used it to show me how to make three essentials in pastry." they nodded at her, "So first we make a crust made out of crushed biscuits. Then we layer a homemade custard on top of that. And last is a homemade jelly or jello layer."Ron nodded, "Well that sounds really good. So we each choose a flavor then?"Hermione nodded enthusiastically, "I saw some Devon heavy cream and want to try to make a clotted cream custard. True English classic.""The strawberries at Lola's produce looked amazing, we can make jelly or turn it into juice for the jello," Harry added."So I am left with the crust then. Oh, how about Oreos?"Hermione shook her head, "That is just weird Ronald, what other biscuits do you like?""I bet we can find some vanilla biscuits from one of the vendors.""That sounds much better. Let's go shopping." She wrote down a list of other items they would need to buy, "No clue if Molly has all of the other stuff so let's grab it here." She pulled the beaded bag out of her pocket."You still have that bloody thing?" Ron exclaimed.Hermione shot a glare at him. "Hey you better be thankful for this thing, it saved our lives."Ron grabbed her hand and pulled her into a hug, "I am more grateful than I have ever said to you, Hermione."Hermione's eyes watered, "Oh Ron."Harry grabbed the shopping list from the table. "You two ready to do some shopping?""Yeah." Ron kept his arm slung over her shoulder as they walked down the aisles.As they bought the items they needed, Hermione shrunk them down and put them in the cold or storage section of the bag. They quickly finished their shopping."So we have," Harry looked at his watch, "five hours until the party. Hermione will that cold section in the bag keep our stuff good for another two hours so we can keep going through Diagon Alley?"Hermione grabbed Harry's elbow that he held out for her, "Sounds perfect, let the way kind, sir."Ron laughed as they walked out of the door, "then its jelly slice time." he pumped his fist in the air and the duo followed behind him, she never let go of his arm."To the Granger family." Molly raised her wine glass, tears shone in her eyes as everyone raised their glasses to toast the return of the family.They returned from the alley three hours before the party was set to start to make their dessert. Her parents were already at the Burrow when they arrived. While the parents cooked dinner, the trio commandeered the island to make their dessert. Molly had expanded the kitchen in the Burrow and was finally big enough for more than two people to be preparing food.Molly had outdone herself for the welcome back dinner. She set tables around the yard with the fancy china and decorated everything in Gryffindor colors. They hung twinkling lights outside that were adding to the ambiance of the party. The food had been a big hit, she cooked all of Hermione, Jean, and Edwards favorites and everyone brought sides and desserts to share.The conversations got louder and louder as the night and drinks went on. Molly took that as a good sign, her family was together and everyone was happy. People started getting up and moving around the backyard enjoying post-dinner family time.Hermione had not moved an inch all night, partly due to the five-year-old Teddy who had glued himself to her side and the fact that everyone at the party came by the table to catch up with her. Teddy was completely content to sit and color his comic book heroes coloring book, Hermione by his side and Harry on the other side of her.Hermione laughed when she heard her mother yell towards Molly, "M you didn't tell me Gin wanted it for her wedding cake. I make the best Lamington in Australia if I do say so myself. I could have solved a lot of heartache."Hermione watched as her mum led Ginny over to where her dessert was sitting on the table."Well I am old and things slip my brain, crazy woman. You better save some for me!" Molly laughed and joined them at the dessert table.Hermione watched the three women dig into the lamington cake that Hermione had brought from the Sweet Shoppe. Ron and Teddy were having a serious debate about the best Quidditch team. Harry and Hermione were both checked out of the conversation, enjoying people watching while sitting in companionable silence and stealing glances at each other. Hermione tapped the table in front of her getting Teddy and Ron's attention."Okay gentlemen, I am going to leave you here to discuss the Cannons and grab some dessert. Do you want anything?"Yes please, Nee Nee." Teddy changed his hair to match hers with a goofy grin.Harry ruffled Teddy's hair and nodded his head, "I would love some of the jelly slice.""Me too, whatever that is," Teddy chimed in trying to be a part of the conversation too, "And get Uncle Ron a lot of desserts, NeeNee, he will eat them all. He says it because he is an Auror but I think he just likes to eat."Hermione laughed and moved away from the table. She glanced back and met Harry's eyes staring intently at her. She turned towards the table and tried as hard as she could to keep the butterflies in her stomach from bursting out. She added a skip to her step as she made her way to the dessert table. Hermione grabbed a selection of desserts from the table and claimed the last three slices of Lamington.Hermione turned around and took in the scene behind her. She watched Ron and Harry get up from the table and chase after Teddy. He had been baiting them all night to play tag and must have finally convinced them. She saw her father sitting with Fleur and Bill talking animatedly about what she had to assume was the Sweet Shoppe.Jean, Molly, and Ginny had a pad of paper out and were sketching what must have been a wedding cake. Bill and Fleur's twins were leading Draco out of the house, he was carrying what looked to be a large bag of celebration poppers. Draco opened the bag and handed them out to all of the kids and pointed towards the adults. Draco quickly moved away as the pops, confetti, and toys started going everywhere. He walked towards Ginny and saw the wedding notebook and joined the discussion with his fiancée.Hermione made her way back to the table and set down the desserts. Ron and Teddy took off towards the Quidditch pitch as the younger kids and a few adults headed towards the pitch. Harry made his way back over to Hermione."Ron is such a sucker for quidditch," Harry said as he sat down next to Hermione, his hand trailed across her shoulders leaving a trail of fire in their wake. "He is going to pay for his cocky talk about how he was the best keeper at Hogwarts. Teddy has taken to the game like a fish even at five."He looked at the plate filled with desserts, "well I guess we have some dessert to eat don't we?"Harry was taking his declaration of never letting her go seriously. Anytime he was close to her, he was touching her in some way. At the table, he kept one arm over her chair and played with her hair throughout dinner. Harry had never been this physically expressive in the old days and it was leaving Hermione hyper-aware of his every movement. Her breath quickened whenever he was around and her body unconsciously responded to his every move. She felt like she was going crazy all night.She took in a deep breath trying to focus on anything but the hand resting on the back of her pointed to the Lamington, "So this the first dessert for you to try. It was the first thing I learned to make in the Sweet Shoppe and is one of my top ten desserts I couldn't live without."Hermione turned in her seat and watched his face, wanting to see the look of joy she knew would grace his handsome face.Harry's eyes lit up at the orchestra of flavors exploded in his mouth. "I was not expecting that at all. I love coconut and chocolate and that over that cake. Is that butter cake?" She nodded. "That really was the perfect bite of food."Hermione swatted Harry's hand away as he reached for the plate. She leaned close to him and whispered, "I wouldn't say no to going inside and finding Molly's stash of hooch and adding it to some whipped cream for this Lamington since we don't have to share with the kiddo."Harry stood up from the table and grabbed Hermione's hand and the plate of desserts, "You are a genius, Beautiful." and they walked into the kitchen. The term of endearment just rolled off his tongue and Harry was going to go with it.The family gathered in the living room as the night weaned on. Children were put to bed and the adults enjoyed a nightcap while continuing to talk the night away. As the hours ticked away, so did the number of people downstairs. Draco and a sleeping Ginny were the last to leave the room. And that just left Hermione and Harry sitting in the low lit room, the fire burning in the background.Their eyes met and she blushed at the intensity of his gaze, thankful that the darkness hid it. Throughout the night, others had prevented Harry from sitting next to Hermione so he settled for sitting across from her. She tipped her head towards the kitchen."I don't want to go to sleep." She sighed and walked around the kitchen, "I have such a rush of energy." She stopped and grabbed a strawberry that was left on the counter and popped it in her mouth. "I saw a fire pit out there, do you think Molly has some marshmallows and chocolate?"Harry turned around and started rummaging through the cupboards to find the supplies, "I know she has… Oh, here it is." he grabbed the s'mores kit from the back of the cupboard.Hermione got into the fridge and found some adult butterbeer and exclaimed. "Score, Molly knows how to stock and..." she looked around the kitchen and grabbed an opened bag of chips, "Trust me, my creation of potato chip crusted smores are the best."She skipped around the kitchen and out the door. Harry followed behind and grabbed a blanket from the bench beside the door. Hermione danced her way towards the firepit and with a swish of her hand she silently casted wandless fire that lit the logs on fire. She grabbed the blanket from Harry's hand and laid it out in front of the bench. She set the treats she had grabbed on the bench and sat down.Harry sat back against the bench as she handed him a butterbeer. "Cheers, Harry."They clinked bottles and Hermione moved to sit beside him, both enjoying the crack of the fire. "I have the most amazing fireplace in my beach house. I have spent so many nights staring into the fire. Ready for more sugar?"Harry reached behind her and grabbed the marshmallows. He stood up and roasted them over the fire. Hermione grabbed the graham crackers and put the chocolate on top of them. She crumbled the chips on top of the chocolate so that they would be covered in melted chocolate."Ready for the mallows?" Harry asked before he took them off the heat."Yes." He pulled the marshmallows off the skewers and on the chocolate. Hermione put the top on the s'more as he sat down. They started eating dessert"So your journal was really eye-opening for me Hermione. And just so you know, I do forgive you for staying in Australia. Thank you for sharing your journey with me, it really made me feel like I was right there with you."Hermione set her s'more down and hugged him. Having her in his arms felt so damn right that he never wanted her to leave. Everything from their meeting in Diagon Alley, to the cooking together in the kitchen, to the party, made him feel complete for the first time since she left. Harry noticed that she was crying. He handed her a napkin and said softly, "Hey that wasn't supposed to make you cry, Hermione.""These are sad and happy tears all at the same time Harry… I have been so worried I wouldn't fit back in with everyone and things would be distant between us. I didn't want to leave you Harry." She met his eyes and he brushed the tears from her cheeks. "I am glad that you sent the letters you wrote. It helped me to feel like I was a part of everything here.""I hope you liked the story when Molly found out Draco and Ginny were dating. I hope I captured the true hilarity of the moment.""I can only imagine, I am going to have to ask Ginny about that one because it sounded mortifying for her". She sat back down next to Harry but kept his arm around her shoulder, playing with her hair as they ate their treat.She leaned her head on his shoulder, as he asked "Can you tell me about the Hidden Codex?"Hermione grinned at him, "Oh Harry, yes, my Codex, oh I love it so much. It started out as a freakin wreck. So I found this magical bookshop on a cliff about a mile from the Sweet Shoppe. It was a ghost town but I visited there three or four times a week. Australia has so many forms of magic and you know my thirst for knowledge. I think I bought almost every book they had in the shop.""Bet you kept that place in business for a while didn't you?""Oh no, even my extensive business could not keep that mess of a run shop alive. The owners only catered to the very limited magical population around there. They had some of the strongest non-magical deterrent wards. So basically it was me learning about Australian aboriginal magic and a few other magical's from around Clearwater."Harry reached for another s'more and handed another butterbeer to Hermione. She took a sip and continued, "I went there to apply for a job after being in Australia for a few months. I was restless and needed something to do. While I loved the Sweet Shoppe, it was not well… me-""Yeah, I get that, while baking is fun," he set his s'more down and pointed at his head, "it's not the mental challenge you need." Hermione nodded and quicker than he thought possible snatched the half of the s'more from the plate and took a bite and handed it back to him, "You sneak." He wiggled his finger at her and grabbed her butterbeer and took a sip."So I went to the bookshop to apply for a job and the owner said they were selling it. Apparently a condo developer wanted to buy the land.""So just like you wrote in the journal, the great Hermione Granger swooped in to save the day."Hermione laughed and finished her butterbeer. "Oh no Harry, I would have never thought to buy it, to be honest. I went back to the Sweet Shoppe, sad, angry, and ranted the entire afternoon. I wouldn't shut up about the bookstore and my mom got so annoyed at me. She said to stop ranting about it and do something about it and that maybe it needed to be my new project. I had all that money from the war in my account from the Ministry but hadn't touched it. I left the shop and spent the rest of the week figuring out my plan of attack.""So of course I dug into the history of the bookshop and learned it went back to the Magical settling of Australia. It had so much history and I fell in love with the idea of saving her. It felt like such good use of that money. So at the end of the week, I took a proposal to the owners of the store. That's why you only got the swooping in and saving the day thing in the journal." She shook her head. "Merlin, I was so damn sure of myself when I walked into the shop and put down a bag of Galleons. I told them I wanted the shop and the teal house on the cliff because I found out they owned it.""Well, that was audacious…""And terrifying Harry. They took the money because they wanted out from the mountain of debt they were in. And just like that, I was the owner of the shop. I thought, how hard could owning a business be?"She recalled stories about the beginning of the shop and the changes she made and the customers that made it all worth it. Her enthusiasm was infectious and Harry could see that she had found her calling. Hermione was so smart, clever, loved to learn, could teach, and was resourceful that so many avenues were open to her. She found a very Hermione way to share knowledge with the masses, touch lives, and be surrounded by books all the time."I've been talking way too much," she lightly poked him in the side. "So tell me about the Potter Foundation. You wrote a bit about it in the letters but just enough to tickle my curiosity.""I love my career baby as much as you do yours!" They laughed together in understanding. "I always thought I would be an Auror. You know the Boy-who-Lived fighting against the dark after he defeated the big baddie Moldy Voldie. But six months of training and I was spiraling out of control. It was you, Hermione," he moved to face her, wanting her to hear this, "who convinced me to finally leave."Hermione looked up at him biting her bottom lip. "Really?"Harry pushed a lock of hair out of her face. "We went through so much in our lives…" he let out a deep breath and caressed her cheek. Harry was surprised at how normal and completely crazy all of this felt when she leaned into his touch.Her brown eyes met his emerald and he continued, a blush on both of their cheeks, "From seventeen-thousand miles away you were there for me. Sirius told me how you were going to see someone and get the help you needed for your PTSD. He convinced me and Draco to attend a magical therapy group and get the help we desperately needed. I was falling apart at the seams thinking I would have to continue fighting for the rest of my life.""That must have been hard… it's the only thing you've thought you want to do since Hogwarts." Her voice quivered a little from the butterflies.Harry put his arm back around her shoulders, his emotions all over the place. He knew in that moment that he wanted so much more than best friends with Hermione. He took a deep breath and focused on the conversation. "It was the easiest decision to make in my life. I walked into Auror Grant's office and handed in my trainee badge and said 'I'm done'. Everyone in the office was disappointed but suddenly it was like a weight was gone. We fought a big bad and now they get to do the rest.""I took the rest of the year off because I was a right mess when I started therapy…" he shook his head at himself."I was the worst patient ever, Harry. I would go from screaming to crying to not talking to feeling ever feeling so hard that I caused magical outbursts.""I'll one-up you. I didn't talk for the first two sessions. I never knew how unnerving silence was. Dr. Lisa powered through it and let me take my time. So I spent the next few months going to therapy and lazing about. I watched so many movies but that got old really quickly. I knew I needed to do something with my life. So I helped Sirius research his and eventually my family's origins and charities. Sirius started the Black Foundation and I decided to go to college.""I was super proud of you when I read that in your letter. The best way to move forward when you don't know what to do with your life: get more education, or in my case buy a bookstore."They laughed."That's how I felt, I didn't know what I wanted to do so why not learn more?" Harry sighed. "It was fun. I got to just be Harry at school, well as much as I could get away from the fame. Most students treated me like normal, especially in my muggle classes. I worked on the War Memorial as a project in Junior year and the idea for the Foundation grew from there. I get to use my name and fame for doing good. So ever since we graduated in December I have been building out the foundation with Tonks. The five year anniversary was the first Potter Foundation event."Harry regaled her with the tales of the day and evening events the week before and the memorial project. Talking to Hermione was like a breath of fresh air to Harry - their banter was so easy going and even after all this time everything felt so right.They eventually stopped talking and sat under the stars in silence, the only noise was the cracking of the fire.~~~~~~~~~~~End of Chapter~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Hope you enjoyed that, longest chapter to date and so much happened! Have a great weekend!

Wishing the wonderful Hermione Granger a happy 41st birthday! Here's a chapter to celebrate our favorite bookwyrm! Hope you enjoy it!Lots of thanks to the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) and The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!Chapter 9Hermione woke up suddenly, not knowing where she was. She opened her eyes and her body screamed at her for staying in the same position all night. Harry's arm was over her shoulder and held her close to his side and her head was resting on his shoulder. Hermione didn't want to move so she looked out at the trees surrounding the fire ring and listened to the birds greet the morning.Unbeknownst to Hermione, Harry too was awake and did not want to move. This was the perfect morning and Harry did not care that his back was aching. He continued to sit there listening to the sounds of nature around him with Hermione by his side.Hermione lifted her head and wandlessly summoned the water bottle from the other side of the fire pit to her hand and took a long sip from it. She sat it down and put her head back on Harry's shoulder and let out a contented sigh."Good morning, Hermione.""Morning, Harry."A robin landed on the blanket and stole a chip piece that had fallen on the blanket. Harry smiled as the bird flew towards the trees, "Hey, little bird."Suddenly the silence was broken by the kitchen door opening. "Daddy, he isn't in the house, I am gonna to check outside!" Teddy ran out the door of the Burrow, "Harry!" He screamed into the quiet morning."Well so much for the silence, the missile that is Teddy will be here shortly."Hermione laughed, "He is a force to be reckoned with." She raised her arms over her head, yawning.Harry watched her phoenix snake around her arm as it breathed fire, hearts, and lightning bolts towards her fingertips. "Your journals do not do this tattoo justice. You're going to have to tell me more about it later.""Maybe another night by the fire!"Harry grinned at her, nodding in agreement, "Over here little man." He stood up and waved at Teddy who was searching around the garden for him. Teddy's eyes lit up with excitement as he saw Harry.Teddy flew into Harry's outstretched arms. "Mummy said that I can come sleepover at the Manor on Daddy's Wolfie night. If you say it's okay. Is it okay Harry?"Harry set his godson down, who danced in place with excitement. "Of course Little Lupin I love having you over on Wolfie nights. We will put on a movie and make some ravioli this time. That fettucini we made last month was pretty great." He stepped back and held his hand to help Hermione stand up."Nee Nee." Teddy jumped into her arms next and Hermione spun him around in circles. Teddy had decided the night before that Nee Nee was her nickname because Hermione was too much to say for the five-year-old ball of energy."Good morning, my favorite Teddy Bear." Hermione sat him down and kissed the top of his head."Nee Nee, I am not a bear.""Since I am your Nee Nee, you are my Teddy Bear."Teddy grinned at her, "I guess that's okay. Sleepovers at Harry's house is so much fun, you should come too." Teddy turned to Harry but his eyes fell on the s'mores stuff on the bench.With a stern look on his face and a hand on his hip, Teddy stared down his godfather, "Harry you said we can't have s'mores for breakfast unless we are camping."Harry laughed, "Technically we were camping since Hermione and I fell asleep by the fire. So by the rules, Little Lupin, we can eat s'mores for breakfast."Teddy jumped up and down, "Yes!" and the fire roared to life."Careful Teddy," Harry ruffled his hair. Teddy had been having more and more bouts of accidental magic. Tonks and Remus were working with him on controlling his excitement since it seemed to be his trigger.Remus walked over the hill and saw a fire roar to life. "What is going on over here?"Harry laughed as Remus schooled his face at serious Teddy. "Daddy, Harry was camping so we get to make s'mores and I am a Bear." He roared loudly."Rules are rules." Harry handed Teddy a roasting stick with a shrug."Well, I guess it's s'mores appetizers for breakfast then." Remus sat down on the bench and asked Hermione, "do you know why he is a bear now?""Well since Teddy insists on me having a nickname, he will have one too.""That's a good nickname, so now my wife has a Wolf and a Bear. Pass me the chocolate."Hermione unwrapped more graham crackers and started crushing chips, Remus raised an eyebrow, "Trust me, Remus, it's amazing."Harry grabbed Teddy's stick before he could put the marshmallows directly in the flames. "You have to hold it over the flame, don't touch it.""Oh yeah… Daddy doesn't like BURNT ones like I do." Teddy tried to stand as still as Harry was. "Daddy, I am not going to burn your marshmallow.""Sounds good, son."They finished browning their marshmallows and brought them to the blanket. Teddy sat down patiently and waited for his dad to hand him his s'more. "Daddy, Nee Nee is going to join me and Harry at the slumber party on your Wolfie day."."That sounds like a lot of fun son." Remus handed Teddy his s'more. Teddy jumped up and started eating his s'more, getting chocolate and marshmallow over his face.Harry sat down next to Hermione and grabbed his impromptu meal. "Breakfast of champions, I say.""I am so glad that you camped last night." Teddy danced on his tiptoes as he savored his s'more. He popped the rest in his mouth and spun around in circles.Harry wondered how he could eat, spin, and not throw all of it up at the same time.Remus raised his eyebrow at Harry and his eyes darted to Hermione."Hey, LIttle Lupin, since we are done with our breakfast, can you help me clean up real quick?" Harry jumped up from where he was sitting.Teddy nodded enthusiastically and together they quickly gathered all of the items around the fire pit. Remus and Hermione finished their treat."Grammy was making bacon when we came out here. I bet it's done." Teddy grinned at Harry, "Harry, race you back in 3… 2… 1… GO." All came out in one breath as Teddy took off towards the house with Harry hot on his heels.Remus laughed and grabbed the s'mores kit from the bench as Hermione picked up the blanket.As they followed the boys back, Remus added, "Well, guess he has claimed you as his own.""He has always had me." She said offhandedly, but then her mind finally caught up with her and realized that Remus meant Teddy, a blush crept on her face, "Yeah, my little shadow. He is a sweet boy.""I guess you get to take part in their cooking adventures on sleepover night. Teddy loves to cook and wants to learn more about it. But five-year-old Teddy is a force to be reckoned with in all areas of life and Harry is way more talented than we are in the kitchen. I am thankful that Harry loves cooking with him.""It should be a lot of fun," she said as they walked into the Burrow."What is this I hear about camping and s'mores?" Tonks pointed her fork at her husband.After breakfast, Hermione said goodbye to the family that was still there. She gave Harry an extra hug as she was leaving and promised to see him the next day.Hermione was going to Longbottom Manor to visit with Neville and Hannah at noon. They were not able to attend the party since Hannah was on house-rest until their babies were born."Remember make sure you try some of those cookies. They are to die for, girl," Sirius said as they walked out of the floo."I will and I will try to bring you back some." She walked up the stairs, feeling so much happier than she had in a long time.An hour and a shower later, Hermione was sitting in her room pulling her thoughts together. The correspondence she had with Neville the week before had been so warm and welcoming. He shared with her that he knew very little about the Harwood side of the family and was excited to get to learn more about them through their journals.The Harwood and Longbottom families were a whole new world for her to explore and get to know. She could not get over the fact that she had a cousin. Her parents had been only children and their parents had passed away before she was born.Hermione had been intimidated by the inheritance and all of the stipulations that came with it. Everything from the title to a Duchy to a Wizgnamont seat. Draco had scheduled their meeting with the goblins to discuss the inheritance for next day and she wanted to avoid thinking about all of that because it was overwhelming.She looked at the clock and realized it was close to noon. She quickly got dressed and walked downstairs and to the floo.Hannah was over being pregnant - she could hardly walk more than thirty steps around the house without getting winded. She looked at the clock and yelled, "Love, Hermione will be here soon, you need to finish watering the plants and get in here.""Hi, Hannah," Hermione peeked her head out of the floo room, "Sorry I'm early.""Well, speaking of our Cousin." She waved for Hermione to come in. "No worries about being early, as long as you know we always run late."Hannah was having none of the hesitancy or awkward first meetings. She gave Hermione a side hug. Hannah laughed as one of the babies kicked at Hermione. "They usually only kick for Neville. So they must know that you are their Auntie." She caressed her stomach.That term auntie made Hermione smile and feel less awkward when Hannah grabbed her hand and put it on her belly. Another foot or arm pushed against her and she smiled.Neville came into the room, he had obviously run from wherever he was to the foyer. "I asked Joa to take care of the rest of the watering…" He stopped when he saw Hermione, "Hey, Hermione."Hermione smiled at him, "Hey Neville," she moved to hug him, kind of choked up at the moment. The more that she talked to Neville over letters the week before, the more and more she knew that they were kindred spirits.Hannah's emotions were all over the place, her babies had responded to Hermione instantly. They only kicked when Neville was close to her. She met her husband's eyes as he hugged his cousin and the look on his face made her tear up. Damn the hormones. Neville motioned for her to join them. She joined and a baby kicked at her side another time.Hannah wiped the tears from her eyes and spoke to her belly at the kicking babies, "Quiet down little ones.""They get very excited, my girls are going to Chasers or Beaters," Neville said as they made their way to the living room.Hannah sighed, "You know we don't know if they are boys or girls or one of each."As large as Hermione knew this manor must have been, it had a very homey and welcoming atmosphere. She understood why Draco equated walking into their house to hugging your best friend. The foyer was filled with multi-color fragrant roses on almost every surface, very fitting for the herbology expert. She could smell something that must have been baked earlier that morning, a hint of cinnamon and chocolate. The smells alone made her hungry.They walked from the foyer to the informal living room at the back of the house. Unlike the formal parlors they had passed, this space looked lived in. It reminded Hermione of a mix between a muggle living room and a common room at Hogwarts.Hermione was drawn to the wall on the left as they entered. The first part of the wall was filled with photographs of Neville and Hannah as a couple. There were the obligatory baby pictures, Neville grinning as he held a rose to the camera and Hannah dancing around a room in a tutu. There were a lot of pictures from their time at Hogwarts and graduation. Hermione laughed at the moving picture from what must have been their engagement party at the twins shop, it kept repeating when Neville was pied in the face by Fred. The bottom of the wall had a mural of pictures from their wedding, their smiles shone throughout the pictures from their day.Her eyes moved to the right of the right of couple pictures to where they had the word family written in large script with a gold box surrounding the two rows of frames. The first row had a picture of Neville and Hannah from their wedding day, two ultrasound pictures of the twins, a picture of Hermione standing outside of the Hidden Codex. Sirius had taken that picture after she reopened the shop."You put my picture up. How did you get that one?" Hermione exclaimed."Sirius gave it to us. And you see what it says up there" Neville pointed to the script, "you are our family Hermione. And below that is the rest of the family that has passed away." He pointed to the bottom row of pictures that had family group shots and individual pictures of his Gran, Hannah and Neville's parents.She was saddened by the destruction the war continued to have on their generation. So many lives taken too early. The group shots were from Abbot, Longbottom, and Harwood family get-togethers from years past. She did a double-take at the Harwood picture zeroing in on the two younger girls sitting in front of their parents. It was like looking into a mirror, she could have sworn that she was standing in that picture taken in the 1960's. She could see features of herself in both women from her nose to the crazy hair."That's Allison," Neville pointed to the woman on the right of the picture, "and that is Alice."Hermione could not take her eyes off of the sisters."She and my mum were fraternal twins but as you can see look almost identical." He looked at Hermione in awe at the picture. "It is crazy how much you look like them. The genetics are strong with the Harwood line apparently.""This is the first picture I've seen of her." Hermione let out the breath she had been holding in. "I guess I have your mum to thank for my crazy hair, it looks like she couldn't tame it either.""I found some more pictures for you to look through too."She followed him into the living room where tea had been set on the table. The photo albums were resting beside the tray.Neville helped Hannah sit down on the couch as an elf popped in the room.She was dressed in a green sparkly dress. "Good afternoon Miss Hermione, I am Meemy. Winky told me how you like your tea with cream and a cube of sugar, is this correct Miss?" She asked while pouring tea."Yes that is right and thank you," Hermione took the cup of tea and grabbed a cookie from the table.Hermione was not the least bit surprised to hear that the elf had done her research on what she preferred, that was the way of the elf. In one of the 'Dear Hermione' letters, Harry explained how Winky came to him after the war and asked to work for him. He wrestled with the guilt of Dobby dying to save them and any repercussions that would come from him bonding with her. But in the end, she felt like family to him and had become a very important part of his life. She was instrumental in getting the Potter manor livable again after being neglected for so many years.She smelled the cookie and knew this is what she smelled in the foyer and took a bite. "This smells amazing. It's like a cup of chocolate chai tea."Hannah smiled, "That was the intention, glad it turned out good."While Meemy handed Hannah her cup of tea, Neville grabbed an assortment of snacks and put it within arms reach of Hannah."I ask Alfonso to have a late lunch prepared for you for later." She said as she handed Neville his tea then popped out of the room.Hannah noticed that both Neville and Hermione did not know what to say, causing an awkward silence to take over the living room.Hannah could see so much of the family resemblance between them. "Hey, you two get out of your heads, and please talk. You don't have to say anything earth-shattering or gushy. You two are way more alike than anyone ever gave you credit for, and I have been around you for less than ten minutes.""Does she read minds, Neville?"He let out a loud laugh. "Sometimes I swear she must. And she is way more socially aware than I am. Being an only child raised by my grandmother makes me feel awkward. Well you know from school.""I understand that, Neville. Neither of us had other children around the house to learn social cues from. I will take all the mind reading you do if you keep making these cookies for me." She finished her cookie and grabbed a brownie."I humbly accept your adoration." Hannah took a bite of her cookie. "I love to bake and dabbled in the idea of opening a bakeshop after these two were born but all that is up in the air. I like the whole creating desserts but the business part is overwhelming me. Everyone says I would be perfect but," she caressed her belly, " I want to be at home with these two rascals so I don't know.""My mum and Molly are going to want to steal all of your ideas. They are opening a Sweet Shoppe near the Burrow in Devon and decided at the party last night that they were going to open a storefront at Cibus. And then take over the world, according to a tipsy Sirius after the nightcap scotch."She looked at the brownie in her hand and an idea hit her, "Hannah, I should get you in contact with them. You are obviously very creative and they are good at the business side…" she stopped at the surprised looks on their faces, "Sorry I get way too carried away with ideas.""Yep you two are definitely related cause this man never gets carried away," Hannah giggled. "You saw all those flowers out in the foyer, picked just for your visit. And that intro idea sounds amazing if they need the help."Hannah smiled endearingly at Neville, "See love, nothing to worry about, maybe I can be a recipe tester. You know that that is my favorite part of baking." She rested her head on Neville's shoulder, "Neville does not want me to lose the things I love doing because of the babies."Hermione smiled at the couple. She could see the love pouring off them in droves. They would look at each other and just know what the other was thinking. They looked so happy together."So I hear that you own a famous bookshop in Australia." Neville started.The day and night seemed to pass without notice as they looked through the photo albums and caught up on each other's lives.

Hey to all my readers out there in internet land! Hope you had a good weekend! Here is chapter 10!Huge shout out to the awesome Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) and The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!Chapter 10"Hermione time to wake up," Jean yelled from the hallway.Jean opened the door and Hermione turned away from the door groaning. She stayed at the Longbottom's until eleven the night before.Jean turned on the light. "Up, please.""Go away." Hermione pulled the covers over her head trying to escape her mother.Jean climbed onto the other side of the bed. "Oh, Baby girl you won't be able to escape me." She grabbed the edge of the blanket and pulled them off Hermione with a flourish.Hermione groaned and opened her eyes and glared at her mother."Good morning, sunshine. Draco floo called to remind you about the appointment at the bank."Hermione sighed and sat up."Busy day my dear. Get a shower, get dressed and come downstairs. Sirius and I are making breakfast for you.""Why do you have to be so bloody chipper in the morning, mum?" Hermione rolled out of bed with a sigh. She saw her bed head and sleepy face in the mirror and turned away to get her shower.Thirty minutes later a more awake Hermione graced them with her presence."Morning," Hermione poured herself a cup of coffee from the carafe and joined her mother on the barstools by the island.Sirius passed her a plate with an omelet. "Veggie and bacon." Sirius added hashbrowns from the platter to her plate, "Crispy just like you like them.""Thanks." She grabbed a fork and dug into her breakfast.Edward walked into the room and smiled at Hermione, "Good morning daughter of mine. Guess what we are doing today?"He grabbed a cup of coffee."Looking at more buildings?""Nope," He added sugar and cream to his cup and leaned against the counter, "we are signing the preliminary contract to purchase the location for Sweet Shoppe at Devon.""You found a location already?"Jean grinned at Hermione. "Yep. Sirius had his realtor looking for the perfect location over the last two weeks. We looked at it yesterday and had to move fast because real estate in Devon is hopping. It's perfect - right in the main shopping district and near a beautiful lake.""That is great, mum. I hope you will have just as amazing sunsets as you did from the beach.""I think so, dear. The second floor will make a beautiful house for us and it's a blank slate. I want to have the living room face the lake so we can enjoy the view. Hoping to build a deck too." She finished her plate and took it to the sink and started washing the dishes.Hermione grinned. "That's amazing mum. I can't wait to see it. I hope the rainbow motif you had will follow in this one because I can't imagine the Sweet Shoppe without it.""Of course, it has to." Edward grinned."Good! I was wondering if you and dad had plans tomorrow afternoon. Neville wanted to invite you to come to an early dinner.""Sounds like a plan Hermione, we cannot wait to meet them," Jean smiled.Draco and Hermione flooed to Leaky Cauldron, ten minutes before the meeting. Draco looked very official in his pinstripe suit and tie.He handed her a portfolio that was embossed with his law firm's symbol, a robin in flight. Her name was embroidered into the cover as well."With this you are officially a client of mine now. I could not attend the inheritance meeting until you 'hired' me as your solicitor for the Harwood inheritance. All of the Lestrange reparation payment stuff was finished last week."She nodded. "That sounds good, Draco. I need your help there.""The portfolio will always be kept updated by my team with notes, so keep it in a safe place."They walked through the archway into Diagon alley and set off towards Gringotts.As they entered the bank, her mind was taken back to her first time entering the largest bank in Wizarding England. She had been amazed at the building, fascinated and scared by the goblins all at the same time. As they approached the head teller her mind went to the last time she was there, riding a dragon out of the bank. She held the portfolio tight to her chest and shook her head trying to focus on the meeting ahead.They stopped at the reception desk and the goblin looked from Hermione to Draco. "Do you have an appointment?"Draco handed his appointment card to the goblin who turned away and sent a message. A minute later, Director Talonson and a female goblin walked out of the back offices."Good morning, Director Talonson, pleasure seeing you this morning." The goblin shook his hand. "My client would like to start the preliminary inheritance discussion with the Harwood account manager at this time."A female goblin stepped forward and shook Hermione and Draco's hands. "Good morning Miss Granger, please follow me. I am Arrilyn, the Harwood Account Manager." She started off towards the elevator."Watch that one, Arrilyn," the director pointed at Hermione, "she does not leave your side while in this building. You must accompany her to the vaults." Talonson glared at Hermione.Hermione had to bite back a laugh - she had defeated them in combat and broke out of their dungeons on dragon back, nothing the Goblins could do would scare her. But she kept that thought to herself."That's about as warm of a welcome as you will ever get," Draco whispered.Arrilyn motioned for them to follow her to her office."Please have a seat Ms. Granger. I am your account executive at Gringotts. We are going to go through the inheritance process today. I will start by confirming your identity and then we will go through what all that entails. Do you have any questions before we start?""No." Hermione said, Draco outlined what would happen in this meeting the week before.Arrilyn pulled an intimidating looking ceremonial knife that's hilt was adored with light blue jewels, "This knife is from the Harwood vault and is used for family rituals. Please take the knife and cut your palm and put blood in the box on this paper."Hermione grabbed the page and looked it over. It had her name written across it and a box where she was supposed to put the blood on. She grabbed the knife and cut her palm. It stung a little as droplets of blood pooled on the paper in the box.She set the knife down and she quickly healed her hand. She pushed the paper back across the desk."Thank you Ms. Granger," she snapped her fingers and the paper went up in flames, the paper turned light blue and her name turned gold.Arrilyn smiled at Hermione with a much warmer demeanor, "Hermione Granger, I have confirmed that you are the heir to the Harwood family. Now we can start the inheritance process today."Over the next three hours, Hermione was thrown literally books and books of information about the Harwood family. Hermione had an eidetic memory and it was even overwhelming for her.Draco was taking notes and asking for key pieces of information from Arrilyn. Hermione was eternally grateful for his help because she had no clue what to ask. Draco stopped Arrilyn before she could confirm the acceptance of the inheritance.Arrilyn looked at them with a curious look, "And why would you want to wait?"Hermione sighed, "I was adopted into the Granger family, so technically I have two inheritances to choose from. I hoped that I would be given time to review both. This inheritance has some stipulations that may counter that.."She did not want to tell the goblin the truth, which was that she was not ready for all that this inheritance entailed right now."Let me speak with my superiors and check the family stipulations and I will come back." She snapped her fingers and a tray of light snacks and tea appeared on the table."Nice bull shitting, Hermione."Hermione grabbed her tea and sunk into her chair. "Neville gave me a heads up and that was the best I could come up with."She took a long sip from her tea and continued, "Draco, I don't know if I want to accept it… there is a lot that comes with it that quite frankly intimidates the shit out of me. I don't think..."Draco put his hand on her shoulder, "I get it, Hermione. You don't have to explain it to me. I am just glad you gave her a reason."Hermione nodded and grabbed a cucumber tea sandwich from the tray. They sat in almost comfortable silence waiting for the Goblin to return.Hermione's mind continued to go over everything that had been told to her that morning. One of the more important duties of the inheritance was the Wizengamot seat that she had. In order to accept the seat, she would have to take up permanent residence in England. Right now Neville was acting as regent for the seat. She had only been back a few days and already things were moving so quickly.Arrilyn walked in with an annoyed look, she sat down at her desk and handed a letter to Hermione, "Normally we would say no. However, after reading the will of Allison Harwood you do have the option of waiting. Miss Granger, you will have six months to make a decision. If you do not make a choice, the will states that all will go to Neville Longbottom."Hermione nodded, "I understand.""You will be assessed an administrative fee of one-hundred gallons for us to hold this process for six months.""I will have the money sent to Gringotts this afternoon. My client appreciates the time to make informed decisions. What will she have access to for the next six months?"Arrilyn pulled out an additional paper with the details. "She would be given access to the records, lands, and documents today. Vault access will be restricted. As the Director advised, I will need to accompany Miss Granger to the vault. Nothing can be removed from the bank until you formally accept it." She handed a stack of papers to Draco."Thank you for your help, Arrilyn."They left Arrilyn's office and Hermione felt like a zombie as she walked through Gringotts towards the Floo exit.She was overwhelmed by the amount of information and grateful to be given time to digest everything. Draco took all of the official documents back to his office for safekeeping and he would add copies of everything into her portfolio. She also asked him to provide copies to Neville since he offered to help her look over the family documents.Hermione flooed back to Grimmauld Place. She appeared in the entry room of Grimmauld Place to silence. She walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge looking for a snack."This all feels like too much right now…" Hermione admitted out loud for the first time."If it wasn't overwhelming I would be surprised," Hermione spun around and saw Ginny standing in the living room.Ginny pointed at the plate of desserts on the coffee table. "Didn't mean to scare you, Hermione. Mum wanted me to drop off some food for you guys to eat from the party. She has too much and it looks like Sirius has not been to the store.""Thanks, Ginny.""Come sit with me and take a load off," Ginny sat back down on the couch with a cookie in her hand.Hermione walked into the living room and grabbed a red velvet cookie and sat down on the other side of the couch. "In the span of two weeks Gin… I am back in England, heiress to a crazy amount of shit. I fit right back into the world I left and it feels so right and yet so different and ah-""I need to not think about the enormity of everything." Hermione threw her hands up, "please distract me and tell me everything about your Mister Malfoy." She took a bite of her cookie."Oh you wanna talk boy talk I am your girl." She laughed.Hermione sat up and reached for Ginny's left hand. "We have to start with this," she looked at the ring that Draco had the pair to. It was rose gold and had a robin in flight carved into it. There was a constellation carved into the ring with holes left for the stars."Draco showed me his ring when I got nosey about it. He told me yours was even better than his and he was right.""Oh, I just love my ring and my fiance even more. To tell you the truth girl, when he walked into my Britain Muggle History class, I was expecting the worst from him. We were, of course, paired together on the first project of the semester and he shocked me. He was a perfect gentleman the entire time, he never sneered at me and seemed to genuinely want to learn. We continued to work on projects together and even took a lot of the same classes in the beginning.""Remind me again, what did you get your degree in?""I got my degree in Education and Mastery in Charms. Luna and I, with the help of the Potter foundation, are going to start a primary school. I am so excited, we broke ground on the facility last month. Hope to get it all staffed up next year."Hermione had learned some of this in Harry's 'Dear Hermione' letters. Seeing the passion in her friend's eyes was even better. "Finally someone is bringing the pre-Hogwarts magical education into this century.""It has been a struggle but we are moving forward. Andromeda has been our bloody champion. She joined our adventure while we were still in school. Early on she started working on the plan to introduce the magical community to muggle-born students. She knew that that would take the longest to get approved by the Ministry.""How long did it take?""Too damn long. It was the thing that was keeping us from opening. We told the Ministry that we would not open the school unless we were allowed to bring the muggle-born students in as well. We need proper education for all kids in the magical community.""That is going to be amazing Ginny, are you going to get the parents involved too?"She nodded, "Yes, we are going to offer classes for them. It's important that parents don't feel like they are leaving their children and are welcomed in the Magical world. We need to keep our people in England.""Here, here. I am grateful for your parents taking mine in when we were at school. They felt so isolated from me and had it not been for them, it would have made things so much more difficult."Ginny got up from the couch and started making tea for the two of them. "It is going to be a fun adventure. I am thankful that Draco is by my side through this because planning a wedding and opening the school, it's been a mess.""So do tell, how did you two start dating? It sounds like you were friends," Hermione asked as Ginny sat back down with two cups of tea."Oh Harry, the noisy ninny that he is could not keep his nose out of our business." She shook her head, "I am grateful for it, don't get me wrong, but still. Neither one of us would make the first move, so he met us for our weekly study session and promptly left before dinner. He sent an owl with a note that said, 'this is your first date, enjoy dinner on me'."Hermione was shocked by that, he had not said anything about that in his letters. "Well, that was ballsy of him.""I am glad for it. It would have taken us so much longer to finally make a move, had he not done it. We talked and talked all night. And well, fast forward and now we are here." She wiggled her left hand.Ginny dipped her cookie in her tea and continued. "Speaking of… I am really glad you are home because I wanted to ask if you would be a bridesmaid at my wedding? I have had a spot saved in the hopes that you would come back.""Hermione, after the shit that I went through my first year, I was ostracized and you helped me so much that summer and next school year. And even though I have not seen you in way too long, you are my sister. I cannot imagine the day without you there."Hermione silenced her friend's babbling and hugged her. "I would be honored, Ginny. So pull out that binder I know you have in your pocket and show me everything."~~~~~ END OF CHAPTER ~~~~~~~~

Happy Friday! I hope you enjoy the chapter!Huge shoutout to my amazing alpha Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) for all of her help :)! Decide I can't just leave you with chapter 22, so I am writing at least 4 more chaps of fun! I cannot thank my beta The Muse of Apollo enough, so much help with my punctuation game!Chapter 11Sunday morning Harry was up early. He felt on top of the world and had so much energy to spare. After breakfast at Potter manor he owled Remus to see if he could spend some time with Teddy. Remus graciously accepted that offer, he did everytime, and Harry took Teddy to the park to play. After an afternoon of adventure and play, Harry walked back into the Lupin house carrying a sleepy boy in his arms."I think I will join you for a nap, little man," Tonks said as she took Teddy from Harry's arms. "Thanks for tiring out my boy, Harry.""Love you, Harry," Teddy said as he snuggled into her chest."Love you too, kiddo."Tonks walked up the stairs and Harry sat down at the table. He poured himself a glass of water from the pitcher."You hungry, Harry?" Remus asked as he started making turkey and ham sandwiches."Yes please, that kid wore me out. We played pirates, then cowboys, then the ground was lava, freeze tag and ended helping people at the community garden. He got to pick some raspberries for Clara and she let him eat some - a highlight apparently."Remus laughed as he placed a plate in front of Harry and one down for himself.Harry took a bite of the sandwich and sighed. "Is this that smoked turkey from the deli at Cubis?""Yes, it's our favorite thing now. Sandwiches seem to be the only thing the boy is up for eating everyday and it's an easy meal. I also got some buffalo chicken and pepper turkey. I'm surprised he was not hungry when you got back.""Tonks gave me snacks to feed him while we were playing." Harry pulled the shrunken down lunch bag from his pocket and tossed it towards the sink."Smart wife of mine. Thanks for tiring out the kid today, he has been bouncing off the walls ever since the party. He won't stop talking about how much fun it was. But man the energy that kid has is exhausting. And then just like that" he snapped, "his energy is gone. So camping with Hermione on Friday?"Harry's sandwich created a lump in his throat as he tried to find the words to tell Remus about the day and night that he spent with Hermione. He set his sandwich down and stared at his plate trying to form the words. Remus grabbed a bag of crisps and poured some on their plates. Harry put some on his sandwich and took a bite.Harry was ever grateful that Remus gave him space to gather his thoughts before talking about something so emotionally charged. Over the years, Harry confided in Remus because they thought alike and approached problems the same way.Harry looked at Remus and sighed. "Moony, I don't know where to start. We went outside after everyone left to go to sleep. We made some s'mores and we talked about her journal and my letters.""She wrote a journal?" Remus raised his eyebrow."Yes, so like my letters, she wrote in a journal a few times a week for the last four years. She sent it to me. After I read the first page, I sent the letters to her last week. The journals made me feel like I was there with her."Harry smashed a chip into his plate. "I told her that I had been angry and hurt that she had not come back." He paused, "I didn't think I would do that to her. But I think she needed to know that and I told her that me finally understanding why she stayed gone was a huge moment in my recovery. Ron said it very eloquently when we were at lunch that he was glad she stayed gone because he needed to stand on his own. I needed to do the same and had to grow up a lot.""This time gave all of you a chance to grow up and become comfortable in your own skins. You were the trio for so long, you needed to be individual people. I am very glad that you sent those letters to her before she came. It sounds like her journals and your letters helped you two to be on the same footing."Remus had been the only person in the family that knew that Harry was writing his 'Dear Hermione' letters. When things would get rough, sad, or too much for Harry, Remus reminded him to write it down so he could show it to Hermione later.Harry nodded. "it also gave me comfort that I was never far from her thoughts. And that the sadness was not one-sided-"Harry got up from the table and walked to the fridge trying to get his thoughts together. He opened it and grabbed two cans of soda. He placed one in front of Remus and sat down."Remus it's a bit scary how it felt completely normal." Harry had the biggest smile on his face. When she was in my arms in Diagon Alley, I just knew that feeling I had was right. She is so much more to me than just my best friend. I think the attraction is not one-sided either…" Harry felt a bit bashful admitting that. Harry continued to tell Remus about their meeting in Diagon Alley and their cooking adventure."Sounds like you made some overtures to her and she welcomed them. Isn't that what you had hoped for Harry?"Harry knew Remus would bring that up. He told Remus last week that he realized that his feelings towards Hermione and her coming back were a jumbled mess. He didn't just want to go back to being her best friend, he wanted more. He knew deep down that she was the missing piece from this life that he had created."Yes it is, it's everything that I wanted. But, I am scared if she leaves Remus. My heart could not take losing her again so soon after she came back into my life." Harry's face dropped."No spiraling Harry," Remus said loud to get Harry's attention, "Remember you said you forgave her for leaving so don't hold yourself in the fear that it could happen again. Thinking about what if's will ruin everything. She probably wants to come back but is scared. Give her a reason to stay?""She told me something in Diagon Alley that gave me the confidence to be more forward with my feelings. She told me to never let her go Remus-"Harry met Remus eyes and with conviction said, "I don't plan on ever letting her go and you're right I won't just sit by. I need to take a chance."Harry flooed over to Grimmauld Place after his talk with Remus. He wanted to see Hermione and hoped she would be home. As he exited the entrance hall, he heard two girls laughing from the living room."Hello, wonderful ladies," Harry announced himself as he walked into the living room.Hermione's heart fluttered at the baritone in his voice. She turned around and met his eyes. She bit her lip trying to tamp down the butterflies that invaded her stomach when he winked at her."So what are my two favorite ladies doing today?" He sat down next to Hermione on the couch and saw the wedding planner laid out. "Ginny are you putting this girl to work right away?""You know Hermione, she wanted to help. I couldn't say no to my newest bridesmaid wanting to help me. Plus you know that this means she will be staying for at least two months since she is in my wedding. In that time you know we can convince her to stay." Ginny handed Harry a cookie."Yes we can." Harry didn't even want to think about the possibility of Hermione leaving. It made him upset to even think about. She had to stay, she just had to."Scheming already I see." Hermione poked his side.Harry's seeker reflexes kicked in and he grabbed her hand before she could poke him a second time and kept a hold of her hand. "Since before you came home, actually."Hermione tried to tamp down the shiver at his touch, so she changed subjects quickly. "I haven't gotten to be a part of the plans up till now, so you know I am going to help with all these last-minute ones."Harry shook his head. "Only you Hermione would be excited to help plan something." He let go of her hand and put his arm on the back of the couch. He rested his fingertips on her shoulder, he felt her take in a deep breath. "Anything I can do to help?""No thank you Harry. The last time you tried to help you messed up my table seatings. I thought Draco was going to kill you. Plus, we pretty much finalized everything. Now it's just picking up things as we get closer. Getting this girl a dress."Ginny grinned, "I am sensing a girl's day shopping trip. Oh, we can combine it with my dress fitting in two weeks." Ginny closed the binder."So much work Gin. I don't know why you do it. I'd probably just elope." Harry laughed.Hermione nodded, "Me too, this whole thing is way too much attention."Ginny shrugged her shoulders. "Oh you two. I do agree it is very overwhelming and I am grateful for Fleur and Mom because this would be way too much. Draco's mom always wanted him to have a big wedding so we are honoring her wishes. I am so excited for the big shindig but will be glad when it is over.'' She put the folder into her purse.Harry asked Hermione, "So what are your plans for the evening?"Hermione shrugged, "Was going to make an early dinner and then maybe watch a movie. I think I am going to turn in early tonight, I was up late last night hanging out with Neville and Hannah.""That must have been a lot of fun, Hermione. Hannah and I have gotten so much closer and she is one of my favorite people." Ginny smiled.Hermione accioed a box to her. "I can see why. She sent me home with some desserts if you guys want some." She passed each of them a treat from the box and sent it back to the hiding place."I am going to introduce my mum and dad to her because she would make a wonderful addition to the Sweet Shoppe."Harry took a bite of the brownie. "Hope that that works out, it would be great to have a place I could go buy her desserts whenever I wanted them. Whenever I go over there, she always sends me home with desserts but they typically don't last very long given how good they are. Did it feel any different meeting Neville as your cousin, rather than a friend from Hogwarts?"Hermione nodded. "Yeah, it felt different. It was a bit awkward at first but that quickly faded, with the extrovert Hannah's help of course. When I saw my picture up on their family wall, next to the twins ultrasound pictures, it really hit home that they were my family too." She paused, "its weird how that one small action made me feel like I truly belonged there.""It was like when Molly added me and you to their family clock." Harry patted Hermione's arm.Hermione grinned at him. "Yes, exactly like that Harry. LIke I am a permanent part of this family. My parents don't have any siblings, so I never had any cousins or close family. So this was a new and really welcomed experience.""Gosh that idea feels so foregin to me, you two." Ginny shook her head. "I have never known anything but being completely surrounded by family, to the point of suffocation. I get annoyed at everyone and just want space. I never really appreciated it until Harry and I were talking about why Draco acted so closed off to the family. I would get so frustrated, because he would go from talking to me to being stone faced in an instant around the family. That talk made me realize all that I did have. Helped me to be more patient with Draco too; I stopped just expecting him to get along and helped him. I know I am extremely lucky to grow up with my family.""I am lucky I got to grow up with them too, Ginny." Harry smiled at her.Ginny's phone started ringing, she looked down and saw it was Draco. "Draco has five minutes to talk before his next meeting. I am going to go talk to him real quick." She jumped up from the couch and headed upstairs."Have fun Ginny, tell him we said hi," Hermione leaned into Harry's side. "Harry, they had pictures of the Abbot, Longbottom, and Harwood families up on the family wall as well. The Harwood shot looked like it was taken in the early sixties, it was a very stately shot of the family, everyone was stiff as boards with no smiles. It was my first time seeing a picture of Allison. It was really uncanny how alike she and I and Alice are. I got my crazy hair from Alice and I get why she cut it so short in that Order picture we saw at Grimmauld place. I got to see even more pictures of them since Neville found some photo albums. It really was a great night with them.""Sounds like it was a charthic evening." Harry said."It really was. Tomorrow, my mum and dad are going to meet them. I am excited but weirdly I am more nervous about this than I was about going over there. It's like my mum and dad are meeting some of my biological family. This whole thing is..." Hermione tried to think of the right words."Amazing and terrifying at the same time," Harry completed for her.Hermione sat up and turned towards him, "Yes. And I am just going with the flow. You know me super chill Hermione." in the moment she said that she instantly regretted it. She could tell she was trying too damn hard to be something she was not."You must have worked on doing just that with your therapist didn't you?" Harry grinned knowing that just letting things go with the flow was the opposite of her personality."Merlin, yes, that's why I distract myself… so wanna help?" She looked at him and blushed at the intense look on his face.She gave Harry the perfect opportunity to take the leap, "Maybe Friday I can take you to dinner to distract you?"Hermione stopped and stared at him, trying to convince herself that she heard him right. The teenage Hermione always dreamed that this would happen. But this was not a fantasy, Harry had just asked her out. She felt like they were on edge of a precipice. Could it hurt to take a leap? Her brain countered what if things didn't work? She just got Harry back in her life could this ruin everything? But her heart was screaming to say yes.Harry sat there trying not to look too nervous. He knew she needed time to process what he had just asked.She took a steadying breath and asked, "As?""More than just friends. We are in uncharted territory here but I would like to take the leap with you.""Yes, I would too." Hermione let out a breath she had been holding and bit her lip in nervousness."Hey trouble makers, what are we going to do for dinner?" Ginny interrupted the moment walking back into the room.Harry winked at Hermione and stood up. He offered her his hand to help her up."I thought we could make the Sweet Shoppe famous grilled cheese. Sirius got all the ingredients because he is addicted to it."The evening was spent in the best way possible: good friends and grilled cheese.Hermione rolled away from the bright light streaming through her window. She peeked at the clock and saw that it was now after one o' clock in the afternoon. Considering she was up until after midnight, it felt so good to sleep in until her body naturally woke her up. Lazy mornings were Hermione's favorite thing.She got up and grabbed her favorite novel from the bookshelf and headed to the bathroom. She filled the soaking tub with hot water and dropped in a citrus bubble bath bomb. She got in the water and got lost in the world of Valdemar and Heralds.Time always passed by too quickly when she was buried in a good book. She looked up at the clock and saw that an hour had passed. She quickly washed her hair and body. She had thirty minutes to get dressed and meet her parents at Longbottom Manor."Hey Hermione, your parents got here early." Neville met her in the foyer."Hey, Cuz," She gave him a quick hug. "we have a problem. If we are not early then we are late. My mum is the worst."Neville smiled at the term of endearment and they walked to the living room where Hannah was waddling around trying to serve drinks and snacks to her parents.Hermione watched as Meemy reprimanded Hannah. "Mistress, I told you to let me handle giving out drinks. Talila is going to help. Sit down please, the babies.""Hi everyone, I see I am late already."Jean raised her glass with a grin. "Or we were terribly early. Sorry, Hannah.""Maybe some of your early bird tendencies will rub off on us and it's okay." Hannah crossed her hands over her chest as the elf took the tray of drinks and started handing them out."Come on dear, have a seat and let Meemy hand out the drinks," Neville grinned at the glower she shot in his direction.A different house elf appeared by Hermione's side with a drink in her hand. "Good afternoon Miss Hermione. I am Talila. Mistress Hannah said that you like beer." Hermione nodded enthusiastically and took the beer.Talila continued, "This beer is from the Potter estate and pairs well with the snacks on the table. The rest of the dinner has been paired with beers from other estates.""Thank you, Talila." Her eyes zeroed in on the snack the elf had pointed to. The pretzel bites and cheese were calling her name. She sat down next to Hannah and set down her drink and grabbed a pretzel, dipping it in the cheese before eating it."You should take it easy Hannah."Hannah shook her head, "you have to be on my side Cuz, because the healer said with twins I am now considered full term. So now it's about getting these two out whenever they decide to make an appearance." she looked at Meemy who handed Edward the last glass of beer, "Which is why I was up.""That last month was exhausting and we only had one, I can't imagine twins." Jean said as she moved to the chair closest to Hannah,Hermione smiled at her mother. She knew that reconciling the memories around her birth and adoption had been rough for Jean. Allison had overlaid her pregnancy memories on to Jean's. She had all of the memories, feelings, and pain of carrying and birthing Hermione. But technically her body had not given birth. She also had the slew of emotions from her fertility struggle to fostering so many little ones to the joy of adopting Hermione. It had been rough on her mother and Hermione was glad that she had help from the mind healer. She ended up just saying "we" when talking about her pregnancy and Hermione's birth to honor both her and Allison's experiences."I am ready for this to be done. I want a drink and sushi and to see my feet. But alas my shadows," she pointed at Meemy and Neville, "there won't let me do anything."Neville handed Hannah a glass of sparkling juice, "We keep our girls safe don't we Meems."Meemy proudly smiled at Neville and nodded."As you should, that's your job as daddy," Edward added, his eyes met Hermione's."I first wanted to start by welcoming everyone to our home," Neville started. "We are so glad to have you here. I am so happy that in less than a month, my family went from Hannah, the twins, and our elves, to including the three of you.""Neville and Hannah, we are so very happy to be here and to welcome you into our family too. Edward and I are forever in Allison's debt for bringing Hermione into our lives. She is the light of my life and-" she pointed to the wall of pictures, "it is amazing how much she looks like Allison and your mum, Neville.""Yes it is a bit uncanny. I have had that picture up for a good two years and always felt like I had met someone who looked like my mum and Aunt. When Draco told us about the family connection, I came back to the picture and it made sense. Sirius gave us that picture of Hermione and you can tell that we are related."Hannah added, "I would love to see any baby pictures that you have. I want to see how similar these two looked and would be fun to compare to these two." she pointed at her belly.Hermione sighed, "mum has album after album of pictures-""Oh shush you, it was my job to document your life. From those baby pictures on that wall, I can say that Neville and Hermione look a lot alike. I'll make sure to bring some by." Jean grinned."Jean, would you mind also bringing us a picture of you and Edward? We wanted to add you two to our wall as well, if you wouldn't mind." Neville pointed to the empty frame below Hermione's picture."We would be honored." Jean squeezed Hannah's hand."Jean was actually talking about doing a wall very similar to yours when we decorate our home above the Sweet Shoppe." Edward added."When I moved into the manor a year before we got married, I didn't like that there were no family pictures anywhere and the manor was devoid of all personality. Devoid is how most pureblood families decorate their homes and it's stark and very harsh. Nev and I are the complete opposite of that and I made sure that our home shows it.""Draco told me that walking into your house felt like a hug." Hermione smiled. "I wholeheartedly agree with that statement.""Draco is such a softy." Hannah laughed.Dinner was one of the best to date for the Granger family. Hannad and Alfred, the chef, had outdone themselves with the meal. It was a smorgasbord of German food with small portions of Hannah's favorites. There were homemade brats with sauerkraut and pork spaetzle with red cabbage. They were introduced to new flavors like Sauerbraten, a sour roast with potato dumplings that was the highlight for Hermione. The beer paired very well with the entire meal.They sat down for dessert in the library and everyone at the table was engrossed in their apple bread pudding and lace cookies.Hermione raised her eyebrows at Hannah who nodded at her. Hermione tapped on the table to get her parents attention, "Mum, and Dad, now I want to talk to you about the Sweet Shoppe.""Yes dear?" Jean grabbed another cookie from the tray in the middle of the table."I know that you have not started staffing up the Sweet Shoppe yet. However, I think that you should hire Hannah. She is a masterful chef and experiments with baking and would be a great asset to the team. This dessert is the perfect example of her creativity. I will let Hannah tell you more."Hannah stood up from the table and grabbed the stack of binders from behind her. She slapped Neville's helping hand away and placed the folders in front of Jean and Edward. She set two more to the side that had Black Foundation and Molly's names written on them."Thanks Hermione, I am excited to talk to you guys tonight about the Sweet Shoppe. First, I wanted to go over my qualifications with you. I have been cooking since I was a small child. My mother owned a restaurant in London and I was there everyday before I left for Hogwarts. I learned how to cut an onion before I could write. After I graduated from Hogwarts I apprenticed with a local baker for two years. Since then I have been learning about food from around the world and experimenting with different recipes, flavors, and textures. I have also started experimenting with adding potions or small magics to my cooking.'She paused to try to slow down her pace. "I had terrible morning sickness so I turned the nasty potion into a cookie that I continue to eat to this day to keep food down."Hannah motioned for them to turn the page, "You will see a few of my favorite and popular recipes.""This all looks very professional Hannah and this bread pudding is remarkable. Usually, the dessert is dull and dry. But this is so moist and has a twang to it that I cannot place," Jean took another bite trying to figure out the flavor."I used sour cream, spiced rum, and buttermilk as the liquid base," Hannah added."Ah, it's the rum, it adds that deep flavor." Jean continued to eat her dessert."Everyone tells me I should open a bakeshop but to be honest with you the part I love about baking is experimenting and creating. I can't see myself running a shop and I know that that is not where my strengths lie."Jean looked at Edward with a smile on her face, unspoken words passing between the two.Hannah continued, excited at the look of interest on their faces. "Now, Hermione tells me that you are planning to open at least two shops in our market, one in Devon, which you already have the location and then at the Farmers market in Diagon Alley. I wanted to see if you needed a test kitchen to develop new and exciting recipes.""We definitely need to bring someone on to work on the magical development of treats for the Cibus shop and to bring in new exciting recipes to both shops." Edward said. "I would assume the recipes you have in this notebook are a small portion of the ones you have created."Hannah pointed to the shelf closest to them that was filled with cooking books and the top shelf was filled with five large binders, "all the binders are full of recipes and notes. As I am sure you know baking is a science but creating new recipes is an art form so I write down all of my trials so I know what to adjust.""Hannah, I agree with Edward that we do need help with the magical development side and someone to lead the way in developing exciting new recipes for the shop. I know we need to check with Molly before we make a formal offer but I am sure that she too would welcome you to the business."Hannah was beaming at them,Jean reached across the table and put her hand over Hannah's, "Now, I know how completely chaotic things will be when your babies are born. I don't want you missing out on those moments with them. Please focus on your family for a while right now. The shop will always be there for you and right now it will take us a while to get the doors open.""That sounds great to me Jean." Hannah smiled, "I will make you copies of the recipe binders." she put her hand on her belly, "I don't really want to be tied down to a schedule because as they get older, their and my needs will change. When Hermione told me about the Sweet Shoppe, it gave me hope that my dream could change for the better.""We will have to bring in the Black Foundation lawyers to talk about the legal stuff and how you will be paid from the business. We could do a portion of each recipe sold or a straight cut of the profits from the business. Straight cut of the profits is what the Black Foundation chose for investing in the business." Edward wrote down a few items on the back page of the folder.Hannah nodded at Edward, "Whatever we do, I would like my portion to go to the House Elf Business Development project with the Potter Foundation. Neville and I have more than enough to get by and I don't have to work. I want to do this because it is fun and a challenge for me. So you figure out the portion and way that would work best for the business and I am happy that it will go to a cause that I am passionate about."Hermione poked into the conversation. "Potter Foundation has a House Elf Business Development project?"Hannah laughed. "Yea, it was Harry's first idea for the Potter Foundation and ended up being the second one that they worked on after the war memorial. He has four elves that have started businesses from it. Another goal of it is to educate the Wizarding population about House Elves. You and Dobby were his inspiration for it. Have you not seen the symbol of the foundation?"Hermione shook her head. She tried to think back to the Dear Hermione letters and could not remember if he ever mentioned the project. She would have to ask him more about it.Hannah grabbed her wand and accicoed a pin and handed it to Hermione. "You see its two books and a lily. The books are for you and a lily for his mother. "Hermione looked at the beautiful gold pin in her hands. She stayed quiet as they continued talking about the Sweet Shoppe. Harry continued to surprise her. He took inspiration from her. What an honor and absolute surprise that was. Her mind went back to their date on Friday.Neville tapped Hermione's shoulder and motioned for them to move to the couch, "Want to leave them to talk Shoppe. I wanted to talk to you about your visit to Gringotts.""Ah, yes lets." Hermione smiled at him, glad for the distraction,They moved over to the couch across the library.Neville grabbed his portfolio and opened it to the Harwood section and showed it to Hermione, "Draco added the Harwood info to my portfolio so that I can help you with the inheritance business.""Thank Merlin, I looked back at the notes and I felt like I was reading a foreign language. That meeting at Gringotts was a lot." She proceeded to tell Neville everything she could remember from the meeting. By the end, she dropped her head in exhaustion.Neville set the portfolio to the side. "We don't need to solve this now Hermione. You have six months to make a choice. So please don't stress about it yet. Also, Draco is your solicitor and he can take on a lot of the bureaucratic bull for you. He and his team are well worth their retainer.""All of the legal stuff was overwhelming and I will gladly take your advice to let Draco handle most of it.""Plus, Allison and my mum kept detailed journals that we can read to learn more about their lives. I know there are some here and the rest are probably at Harwood Manor.""They wrote journals? Like daily entries and stuff?""Yeah, I have read through a few of my mum's. They gave me a chance to get closer to her, since she is not able to share the stories with me.""You know what's cool Neville, I write journals too. I have been doing it since before Hogwarts. My mum needed to find a way for me to collect my thoughts because I would get overwhelmed with so much information. She told me it was a good way to reflect and I have been writing them since I think I was seven. Now it's not so much daily writing, it's usually weekly. If Allison was as detailed as I am maybe I can find clues to who my biological father is from the journals."Neville nodded. "I hope we can. So I think it would be best to read both Allison and my mum's journals together. It will allow me to give you some context from what my Gran told me about the two of them.""Neville, I like that idea. But first, answer me this, how can we find anything in this?" she looked around at the shelves near her in their chaotic state. Books were strewn about the library in such a haphazard fashion, "What happened to your library?" she shook her head."The Longbottoms are not known for their organization skills. This is the result of many generations of eccentric people's logic about where books should go and they pseudo organized based on their interests. It overwhelms me to even think about dealing with it. The herbology and cooking books are organized but everything else is well…" he shrugged his shoulders.Hermione patted him on the shoulder. "Well I think we can do both things, find those journals and I can organize this mess. I am a professional bibliophile.""One-hundred and ten percent yes, we want your help, Hermione." Hannah exclaimed as she joined their conversation."Hey you." Neville looked lovingly at his wife."It is time for this lady to go to bed. Anytime you want to come over and deal with this mess we will gladly welcome you! I will make sure you are well fed."Hermione stood up and hugged Hannah. "Thank you two for the wonderful night. Now you get some rest, my nieces are exhausting their mum. I'll come by on Wednesday or Thursday to start working on all of this." She motioned around."See Hannah, Hermione agrees that the twins are girls and she is never wrong."~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~End of Chapter~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Happy almost the weekend! I hope that you enjoy the Harmony moments!Thanks to the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) and The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!Chapter 12Hermione sat in the middle of the Longbottom library with piles of books as far as the eye could see surrounding her. This was Hermione's happy place. She had spent the last two days much like the ones before catching up with her friends and exploring new and old places around London. She had just about hit her limit of being around people all of the time. She needed some quiet time and what was better than being surrounded by books in a beautiful library.She got to the manor after breakfast. Hannah was still asleep so she and Neville drank their morning cuppa joe on the porch listening to the birds. He then gave her a detailed tour of the manor and its grounds.When they were done with the tour, Neville went off to the greenhouses to spend the morning with his plants and she to the books. She started by pulling all of the books off the shelves and into large piles around the library. She wrote typical library category sections titles like Transfiguration, Herbology, Potions, etc... on pieces of parment. She stuck them to the bookshelves where the books would go.She then sat in between the piles of books and was slowly going through each of the titles by hand. All of the tension left her body as she buried herself in the written word. This library was massive, it had titles that she had never seen."If this is a normal non-book loving family library, I wonder how Harwood and even Harry's library is," she said to herself, adding another book to the Herbology pile. Hermione knew that she would get lost in those libraries for days.She reached for a small maroon book and turned it over. Monogrammed on the spine was 'Alice Hogwarts Year 1'. Hermione pumped her fist in the air, this was the first of Allison's Hogwarts journals and she had already found copies of both girls' pre-Hogwarts journals. She levitated the book to the table with the other journals she had found."Good morning, well almost afternoon." Hannah greeted Hermione as she walked into the library.Hermione looked up from the books as the wondrous smells from the tray of food Hannah was carrying wafted into her space. "That smells amazing.""Hungry?""Yes," she stood up and looked around and the literary chaos that had spread over almost every surface of the library. "Well I guess I have taken over everything."Hannah walked through the path of books to the couch by the fireplace. "Couch breakfast sounds good to me."Hannah set the tray down on the table and maneuvered herself down on the couch. "It's a freakin production to do anything to these kids inside me." She let out a contented sigh as she lifted her legs onto the couch.Hermione grabbed the tray of food and set it in between Hannah and herself."I feel much better with my legs up, everything hurts because I'm a whale. So our brunch feast this morning is spicy stuffed french toast with fruit and a spicy hot chocolate."Hermione lifted the plate up to her nose and took in a deep breath, taking in the flavors of chilies and bread. "Smells great Hannah, I love spicy foods.""I am all about spice right now. I am craving everything Latin flavors - spices, and peppers. Maybe just maybe it will kick these two out of their residence."Hermione took a bite of the french toast, the ground meat, peppers, and cheese fell out of the inside and her taste buds exploded with flavor and spice. "Wow, that is good." Hermione exaggeratedly waved her hand at her mouth, "and spicy."Meemy popped in the room with two additional drinks and set them on the tray. "Enjoy.""Thanks Meemy," Hannah said with a laugh, Meemy popped out of the room."I learned how to make horchata and it seems to be a favorite among all the Elves. As I was making this she was warning me that you may not like spicy food and she was going to make a fresh batch for us. If you can't take the heat, it will cool it down!""I like the burn.""A girl of my heart and that habanero will build." She took a bite, "so in the last letter I wrote you before you came back, I think I started telling you about my food journey."Hermione nodded as she was digging into breakfast."This breakfast is the brainchild of that journey, mashing classic dishes from different cultures together. I didn't know what I wanted to do after I finished my apprenticeship. So I decided to explore the wonderful world of food and culture. Food has this universal language to it and I wanted to explore that and expand my horizons." She took another bite."I decided to explore a different region of the work every month. Let's see we started in Europe from Italy to Greece to Ireland and Russia. Then moved to Africa and spent an entire year exploring the food culture there. It is such a vast continent and has such wonderful food. Then we moved to the Middle East and Asia - oh, Iranian taftoon and lavash are killer types of bread. Then we moved to the Americas and had everything from Bralizzilan to Puerto Rican to Mexican to American. Let me say this fried cheese curds fresh from this tiny dairy farm in the middle of nowhere Wisconsin in the States are one of the best things ever."Hannah went on to explain over breakfast that she would buy books and books about the culture and food and origins. She didn't realize how much she was going to learn when she started her culinary journey. She would spend the month reading, watching, and exploring recipes. At the end of the month, some of the Elves, Hannah, and Neville would spend a weekend traveling to that country. These epic food-filled weekends were the highlight. Then Hannah would come back home and host a dinner party for their family with her favorite recipes. She continued this exploration to this day albeit at a much slower pace and no travel.Through their breakfast, they both tried to keep from using the horchata to dull the spice. Finally, Hermione caved and took a drink about halfway through the dish.She took her last bite and exaggeratedly wiped her forehead, and finished her horchata. "Wow Hannah, was spicetastic.""I am going to make you my favorites every day you come over for brunch. I am glad to have a partner in food to host dinner parties. After these two are born, I won't have as much time to do all the cooking." She looked around the library and grinned. "So I see it looks worse in here than it did before, which is always a good sign in my opinion."Hermione turned towards Hannah with a huge smile on her face. "Right now I am doing a high-level topic sorting, putting books into their general categories. Then I am going to hand-sort them into subcategories that will correlate to the shelf that they go on. I am so in my happy place, you have so many out of print or special editions of the books that I have never seen before.""Oh Hermione, our library is nothing. The Potter library is magnificent," Hannah said and she saw the glimmer of excitement in Hermione's eyes."I will be lost in books for a very long time.""Well do you mind if I join you for the day? I am pretty comfortable sitting here and don't wanna move."Hermione grinned, "Your company would be most welcome.""Can you pass me the lineage book and the first two journals?"Hermione handed Hannah the books and went back to the stacks of books. Hannah started reading the family journal out loud.The Harwood family was a long line of good wizards and witches. The bulk of the family wealth came from a husband and wife team who was a healer and potions master. They helped to create smallpox vaccines that were used in the Wizarding World in the eighteenth century to protect against the deadly threat that was decimating the Wizarding population. The husband and wife went on to work with Muggle doctors and scientists to develop the muggle vaccine as well. Their family received royalties on every vaccine that was given out which accounted for the large fortune and power that the family had.As the day went on, Hannah would switch between the girl's journals to get the world from both girl's perspectives. They had an opulent family life as they were the only children born to the couple. Allison wrote a lot about the family's history and things she wanted to learn about and was very procedural, it reminded her a lot of Hermione. While Alice's journals were filled with stories and fun things that the family did.As they read on, Hermione made an observation that Alice may have been jealous of the life-path given to her sister, as the heir to the household. Allison had to learn how to manage the family fortune, participate in the Wizgnamont, and do a host of other things that the leader of the family did. Alice's only goal in life was to be a good witch and find a man. Hermione surmised that this was probably why she was so driven to become an Auror - she wanted her own path.Alice wrote many times during their childhood that she found it confusing that Allison had all the responsibility but they were only three minutes apart. Alice was a free-spirit while her sister was very serious. Allison had been determined to learn everything she could about the world while Alice loved just being.Hannah laughed when she read that observation, "Wonder where Hermione got her zealousness for learning with your upbringing, your super-intelligent parents, and Allison's genetics."Hermione grinned, levitating another book into a pile across the room. She was about a fourth of the way through the piles of books. She stopped a few hours after lunch."So I think I can easily get this done in a few days. There are so many great books here." She spun around looking at all of the progress she made. Hermione felt so accomplished.Neville laughed, "I bet you have a list of books you want to dive into don't you?""Oh, the have-to-read list is about a page long but oh there are so many more I want to read if I have the time. Hannah, I would welcome your wonderful storytelling from the journals for as long as you want to. It was a very enjoyable way to spend the day.""I cannot do anything else than sit until these two are born, you got me, girl. This has given me a great look into Allison and Alice and an important part of our lineage," Hannah added."Well you two, I will leave you two your evening. I am going to spend the evening with Sirius." Hermione gave them each a hug and made her way to the floo.Hannah rested her head on Neville's shoulder. "Love, I had so much fun today. Hermione is going to join me with the Food Journey next month and host the dinner party after the twins are born. I am so happy for this journey."She teared up a bit, "Oh these hormones, I am so glad that she is in our and our twin's lives."Neville ran his hand up and down her back and wiped the tears from her cheek. "Oh Hannah, I am so thankful and glad. I get a little freaked out sometimes at how similar she and I are. I am glad she is back for a very long visit, I will be super sad if she leaves."Hannah sighed, "I don't want to think about that. Let's think happy thoughts, my love. I have a feeling she will stay."Sirius was making popcorn on the stove in preparation for movie night when Hermione got home. He told her that they were going to watch Die Another Day. The movie had just been released on DVD and James Bond was his and Harry's favorite series.Harry apparated into the entryway, "Sirius, my main man, the Saviour has arrived with the beer and Chinese food.""Now we can get this party started, our Savior has arrived with our sustenance and libations," he heard Hermione exclaim in a loud drawl.Harry walked into the kitchen, "Hey, you." Her smile brightened his day.Sirius was shaking the pan on the stove as the popcorn was popping. "Egg roll time! Thanks for grabbing dinner Harry. Jean kept me out late today trying desserts and going over plans for the shop. It really is tiring work."Hermione slapped Sirius' shoulder, "goof." She turned to Harry, "how was your day?"Harry set the takeaway and beer on the counter. Hermione set three beers out on the counter and the other three in the fridge. She opened the beers while Harry pulled the food out of the bag."Oh we are collating a lot of data from the anniversary party. Lessons learned are good but by the end of the day my brain is all spreadsheeted out." He grabbed a beer and took a long sip.He grinned at her. "This is my favorite beer, it's an orange IPA." Her eyes lit up and she grabbed it and smelled the beer. "So how was your day Hermione?"She tasted the beer and sighed, "yep, that's a good IPA. The Shinny Sands one from Australia is still the best IPA. Alas, that is only available down the street from my beach house. I spent the day in my happy place - a library."She moved to the cupboard and grabbed plates and utensils and set them on the counter."The Longbottom Library is a disaster and a fun challenge for me." Hermione handed Sirius a bowl to put the popcorn in.Hermione handed Harry a plate and one for herself. "There are so many amazing books that I have never read before. Hannah read the lineage book and the first two journals out loud. It was a great day."Hermione grabbed an egg roll and set it on her plate. She grabbed her beer on the way to the couch.Harry followed her and asked, "Did it remind you of the Codex in the beginning?""Thankfully, it is not as bad as the Codex. It's really just a big organization project. It was so nice to be surrounded by books and nothing to do but look at them and figure out where they go."Hermione turned and saw Sirius giving them a curious look. His eyes darted to Harry and back to her, she blushed. His eyes got big and she mouthed 'later' to him."Sirius, get over here and let's get this movie started," Harry said with a laugh.Sirius sat down on the other side of Hermione. He flicked his wand and the lights in the room dimmed and the volume turned up. When they were done with James Bond, they made it a double feature and put on Jaws 3.Hermione fell asleep partway through the movie, leaning on Harry. Harry wrapped his arm around her. Soon, Harry too was lulled to sleep by the darkroom and the girl resting by his side."Hermione.""Hermione, we need to get up," Harry whispered in her ear.Hermione ground and snuggled into his side trying to stay in her cocoon of sleep."One last try, it's time to wake up." When she didn't open her eyes, he started tickling her side.Hermione sat up almost instantly pushing away his hands, fists balled. "No tickling..." She stopped and looked at Harry confused."Careful Killer, we fell asleep on the couch." Harry grinned holding up his hands. "I need to get to work, I have twenty minutes."Her brain finally caught up to her when she sat that she was in the living room, she poked him in the chest. "No waking me up with tickling, you stinker.""Well nothing else would wake you up, your highness. You kept ignoring me so I had to wake you up somehow." Harry laughed.Hermione shook her head and stood up. She stretched trying to shake the sleep from her body.Harry couldn't help but admire the beautiful woman's body beside him as she stood up from the couch and stretched. He had to quickly pull his eyes from her bottom to her face as she turned around and held out her hand to help him up.Sirius walked into the room. "Morning you two, sleep well?"Harry laughed, "Good till I had to wake up this fighter and she started punching me."Hermione punched him in the arm, "Thought you had to run, Potter."She pushed him towards the floo. Harry laughed and beelined for the stairs."Hey, I thought you had to go to work?" Hermione stood at the base of the stairs with her hand on her hip.Harry stopped and turned to grin at her, "I can't go to work in yesterday's clothes, so I am going to my room to change. I would invite you up but I do have to go to work." He started up the stairs but missed a step and had to catch himself."One step at a time Potter." Sirius walked into the hallway as he stumbled up the stairs.Hermione pointed up, "I thought he moved into Potter Manor full time."He handed Hermione a cup of coffee and set one in a to-go cup on the table by the fireplace. "He does but like I have a room at the manor, he still has his here. It's good for situations like this. Want some breakfast?""I think Hannah was going to make breakfast so I should be heading over," Hermione replied with a shake of her head.An owl tapped at the window in the kitchen, Sirius walked back into the kitchen and opened the window to let it in.Harry came running back down the stairs, running his hands through his hair. Hermione handed him the coffee cup. "Thanks, Hermione. Can I pick you up at three tomorrow for our date?"Hermione smiled. "All afternoon, pulling out all the stops.""Tomorrow is just the beginning." Harry said as he stopped at the fireplace and smiled at her. With a wink, he threw some floo powder into the flames, then he was gone. Hermione just stared at where her best friend had been, a goofy grin slowly spreading on her face."Hermione, Neville sent an owl, apparently Hannah isn't feeling well and is staying in bed while he is heading to the bank. He wanted to make sure you knew to eat before you came over. You up for omelets?"Hermione nodded and followed him back into the kitchen. She sat down at the bar, Sirius passed her a green onion, cutting board, and knife. He grabbed the eggs and other ingredients from the fridge."So wanna talk about anything?" Sirius asked and started cracking the eggs into a bowl.Hermione nodded at him, glad that he broached the conversation first. She looked down at the onion focused on chopping it into perfect pieces, "Well…""You know me, I am nosey and I want to know, but no pressure from me. You choose what to share with me and when you want to share it. I just don't want you getting all stuck in your head about whatever that is. I promise no snarky Sirius to you when talking about this.""Thanks Sirius. As far as this whole Harry thing… I feel like I am standing on the edge of a cliff and about to jump off."Sirius added eggs to the pan and started grating the cheese. "Well what's stopping you from jumping?""I should correct my statement, given we have fallen asleep together twice since I got back and I said yes to date with him. I have already jumped off that proverbial cliff.""Yep, you jumped.""Sirius, he makes me feel so crazy. We are going on a date, tomorrow at three, so I am trying not to freak myself out because this is what I have wanted. Hell, fourteen-year-old me doesn't believe that this is actually happening.""I knew that there was more there between you two than just best friends…"Hermione snorted. "Well, of course I always wanted more. But I buried those feelings down so far they didn't see the light of day. Even in the sun bleached Australia as I kept them buried down. It wasn't until my bloody therapist asked about the dance in the tent."That damn dance and that damn war. The emotions that I buried into that lightning bolt shaped box came flooding out. I was a damn mess. But I talked through them and figured out my shit. I know where I stand on my feelings but never did I think he would reciprocate them.""Hermione, to be honest, this direction was inevitable. I am dense but even I could see it between the two of you. It just took a bit longer while you both healed from the war."Sirius flipped the omelet without a spatula and Hermione clapped."Mad skills Sirius."He bowed."You kids have been through more than most people would experience in three lifetimes. You were already a pretty mature kid and you grew up too damn fast. Please trust yourself and your magic and above all else don't overthink it."

Hey hi and hello to all my readers out there. I hope you enjoy this chapter… it's date night!So many thanks to the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3) and The Muse of Apollo for all of their help!Chapter 13Hermione headed over to Longbottom manor after breakfast with Sirius. Talila met her at the entrance to the floo room. Hermione noticed that Talila had been extra attentive to her everytime she was at the manor. She told her that Hannah was not feeling well and would be staying in bed. She thanked the elf and was on her way to the library to bury herself in the tomes of knowledge.Hours later and now only one third of the books left to go through Hermione stood up and slowly made her way out of the library. She had found more journals that morning and planned to dive straight into them that afternoon.Talila was nervously waiting by the library entrance."Good morning…" she looked at her watch, "Well I guess afternoon now, Talila.""I wanted to bring you lunch and…" she paused and moved from side to side nervously, "I don't want to be too forward but I heard from Mistress Hannah say that you are learning more about my Allison. You were finding her journals and I could tell you more stories about her.""I would welcome your company, Talila. Why don't we have lunch here and we can talk?" Hermione motioned for them to move to the table.Talila snapped in a tray of food and made her way into the library. "Thank you, Miss, I did not want to interrupt your work."Hermione was putting the pieces together as Talila set out their lunch. Talila was Allison's elf, which meant that she was a Harwood family elf and would want to bond with Hermione. Hermione realized that this was why she had been so attentive to her every time she came over to the manor. This elf wanted to prove herself to Hermione."I didn't know that you were Allison's house-elf. I was told by Gringotts that there were no elves left on the property, that all had been taken by the Death Eaters or had died."Talila looked down at her plate, Hermione could feel the sadness radiating from her. She reached out and patted Talila's hand, trying to comfort the elf.Talila looked up at her with a sad smile. "Miss Allison graduated from Hogwarts in May of 1978 and she went to work for the Order. She was so smart, like you, and made spells that helped them find information. I do not really know any more of what she did, it is not my place."Talila paused eating a bite of her sandwich, gathering her thoughts. "She left in August and did not come back home until January 1980. When she came back she was not the same person. She was panicked all of the time and thought that someone was following her. Alice told Allison about the prophecy that was told about her and Lily's babies. In February there was an attack on the manor, she told me to go to Alice and make sure she was okay. I was not at the manor…" Tears spilled from Talila's eyes."Miss Hermione, I wanted to go back but Alice forbade me and she saved my life." She hiccuped. "All my friends were killed or enslaved by the evil people. I was taken in by the Longbottoms and kept Miss Alice and Neville safe. And even at that, we failed. Meemy and I got Master Neville out of the house that night. We couldn't go back to save them because we had to protect Master Neville." Tears fell down her cheeks and she stopped talking, trying to gather herself.Hermione reached out and held Talila's hand trying to comfort the elf. "Sorry Miss, I did not mean to cry at you. I wanted to tell you happier memories of her..." Talila looked down at the table."Talila, these are important things for me to know too. I am trying to figure out what happened around the time I was born and this gives me the start of a timeline. Draco told me about the attack but not too many details. Thank you for being brave and telling me this. I absolutely hate that you had to go through all this. You loved Allison and are allowed to grieve and you can cry at me anytime."Talila looked up at Hermione, those large green eyes met her brown. "You have her eyes, and every time I see you, I see her. I am so grateful that she kept you safe. Now, I will tell you everything that I know about Allison and our family." Talila's eyes lit up with excitement.Hermione arrived back at Grimmauld Place five hours later with a light heart and a wealth of knowledge. Talila had given Hermione a different perspective than the journals displayed. She told Hermione stories about Allison - how she was as a little kid, when she came back from Hogwarts after her first year, and so many more stores that brought the woman to life for Hermione. Hermione could not wait to dive into the rest of the journals headfirst.Laughter from guys night in the basement drifted up behind her as she made her way to the library. She set the Indian curry that the Longbottom elves had prepared for her dinner and the pile journals on the table. She opened the artfully packed dinner and the smell of curry perfumed the room.Hermione set out two magical book holders and propped an Alice and an Allison journal on each. She started eating her dinner, mixing the rice with the spicy green curry.Alice wrote her journals like a novel, telling stories and vivid details all about the people that surrounded her. Whereas Allison's were all about the things she had learned and her projects. She was very to the point and structured. Hermione found it very funny that her journals seemed to be a happy medium between Alice and Allison - filled with knowledge while also being filled with stories of her adventures.As she read through the journal she learned that Allison was even more dedicated to learning than Hermione had ever been. She had learned a lot as a child at home, which set her up to be years ahead of the other students at Hogwarts. Allison did independent advanced studies in each year at Hogwarts to accelerate her learning. Hermione could see her love of Arithmancy and Ancient Runes even from a young age. She was fascinated, as Hermione was, with creating new spells because it was an amalgamation of all of the subjects that led to creating something new or improved. At the end of her fourth year she found she was exceptionally good at charms and worked with Professor Filwick to hone her skills in that area."Shit, I hate poker. I fold." Harry threw his cards down on the table., He stood up from the table where Remus, Edward, and Draco were finishing the last hand.Sirius laughed and clapped his nephew on the shoulder. "I think you need another shot.""Oh hell no Black," Harry shook his head and waved off the drink, "I don't need any more alcohol tonight. I cannot have a hangover, I have a date with destiny tomorrow." He grabbed a slice of pizza and floated his way over to the couch.Draco folded and got up following Harry's example. "I say video games next time. I suck at stupid poker and these guys clean us out." He grabbed the chips from the table and sprawled out on the recliner.While Sirius was frugal with most of his fortune, he spared no expense when he overhauled his family's ancient residence. Sirius had turned the basement of Grimmauld Place into a man cave complete with video games, televisions, pool table, foosball, and a large card table. In the middle of the room he turned the entire wall into telly, with a floor to ceiling screen and projector. There were leather couches and chairs surrounding it. The basement played host to many parties and was the location of their bi-weekly guys night."Yea Road Rage is so much better than poker. I am going to go upstairs and get some sleep, you guys have fun." Harry finished his pizza and stood up.Draco held a glass up in cheers. "Sleep well, Potter.""Don't trip up the stairs again," Sirius winked at him reminding him of that morning.Harry laughed it off and made his way out of the room quickly. While he was very excited about his date, he did not want to deal with the questions or ribbing from his friends. While harmless they could get out of hand.He made his way up the stairs and saw the light on in the library. He walked to the open door and found Hermione laying on the couch with two books floating above her. She was tapping her feet on the couch to the rhythm of the music playing through the library. Harry didn't want to interrupt her but couldn't help but stare. She would reach over to the table and grab what looked to be a cookie, break it apart, and slowly eat the pieces."You boys have fun?" Hermione turned the page and turned towards him.Harry smiled, "They are going to get even louder down there - Sirius was pulling out the beer pong."Hermione laughed, "Why did you leave so early?""I do not want a Sirius-sized hangover tomorrow, gotta get stuff ready." Harry goofy grinned at her."I can help with your plans if you tell me what we are doing.""Hermione, I may be tipsy but you're not getting that information out of me. That's why I had to leave the partying, you, beautiful, beautiful woman." Harry didn't move from his spot.The alcohol lowered his inhibitions, "I am off to my room to get sleep so I can see your gorgeous face tomorrow. Good night Hermione." He blew a kiss in her direction and headed up the stairs to the third floor.Hermione tried to go back to reading but was too distracted. The guys were getting louder and she got up and walked to her room. Thankfully the noise went away when she closed her door. She lit the fireplace and laid down on the carpet. She went through her breathing exercises trying to clear her mind of all her thoughts. She listened to the cracking of the fire and it eventually lulled her to sleep.Sirius woke up to the smell of a fry up emanating from downstairs with a splitting headache. He groaned and rolled out of bed, there was a potion and glass of water on his bedside table. He quickly took the potion that took the edge off of his headache and threw on a shirt and shorts to head downstairs.Harry sat down a plate of food at the island for Sirius. The greasy potatoes, eggs, and sausages were calling his name, so he dove right in.Harry returned his attention to the stove. "You guys have a fun rest of the night?""Yea we played a few rounds of pong and Draco kicked our asses at the PlayStation. The boys got super nosey about your date with destiny."Harry laughed, "Oh geez, too much to drink makes my tongue too loose." Harry shook his head as he plated two additional plates of food. His mind went back to the conversation he had with Hermione last night. He put a stasis spell on the plates of food and set them aside on the island."Good thing you left before you could spill the beans. So do you have the day off?"Harry put all of the dishes in the sink and cast a cleaning spell on them. He took off the apron and turned toward Sirius. "I am going to check in at work and then I am off."He pointed at the plates, "Jean said that she was on her way over to talk to Hermione this morning, so I made them both plates."Sirius laughed, "Trying to impress the lovely ladies, smart man. Have fun today.""Thanks Sirius." Harry nodded as he did a final wipe down of the counter. Then he walked out and to the fireplace with a final goodbye to his Godfather.Sirius turned on the tv and started watching the news as he finished his second plate of food."Hey Black, surprised you're still not passed out," Jean said as she walked into the kitchen. "Edward was just waking up when I left.""Your husband is a hustler, Jean. He beat Remus at poker two of the three hands. All these youngins have no idea how to play. It was hilarious. The only reason I am up is Harry made breakfast, the smell lured me out of bed. Looks like lazy bones Hermione is still asleep."Jean laughed, "Well, you boys probably kept her up late with all your craziness. I sent the contract to the lawyer this morning, So you and Ed are going to meet at the Burrow and go talk to the contractor right?"Sirius groaned, "Yep, I guess I will be off." He got up from the couch."Have fun Sirius" Jean grinned at him, "I am going to have a girls day with the lazy bones."Sirius set his dishes in the sink and with a wave of his hand, he was dressed, "hope you have fun with lazy bones and get her out of her head. Have fun on me please." he set a fifty pound note on the counter.Sirius apparated out of the house. Jean grabbed the remote and changed the channels. She decided she'd wait a few more minutes before waking up Hermione.In the end, she didn't have to. Just a few minutes later, Hermione walked into the living room. She was happy to see her mother sitting on the couch and sat down beside her. "Morning mum. So apparently the carpet is so comfortable that I fell asleep.""That couldn't have been too comfortable. Your boyfriend made us breakfast." Jean pointed at the plates and watched Hermione's face turn red. "Be good, and grab our food and coffee. We can watch some trash tv before our girl's day."With a flourish of her hand, the plates floated to the coffee table, settling gently on the surface. She didn't have to but it was always fun to exaggerate and make a show out of it."I love magic," Jean commented.The coffee cups followed and settled next to their food. "Girl's day?" Hermione asked."Wow this looks delicious." Jean was glad that Harry did not serve them the fry up she had seen Sirius eating. He served them eggs with spinach, sausage, fruit and pastries. That heart attack that Sirius had eaten would not have sat well in her stomach. She grabbed the pastry and her cup of coffee and sat back on the couch. "We are going to get manicures and pedicures today."Hermione's mind went to this afternoon and her heart started racing, she grabbed her coffee to have something to do with her hands. "That sounds fun umm, are you sure you can do this with all the shop stuff?""Your pops has this and I need a break," Jean said as she finished her pastry and grabbed the plate of food. "I got all the legal crap done. We gotta remember we are on vacation too so we need to have fun. And I hear you have a date and I need all the details - where are you going? What are you doing?"Hermione laughed. "No clue and it's driving me nuts. I think that was his intention."Hermione tried to wipe the imaginary wrinkles out of her shirt as she waited in the living room for Harry. Jean had left the house five minutes before to meet Edward for dinner. She tried not to pace around the living room.It had been a great day spent with her mother. Confiding in her mother about her problems had been a struggle for Hermione when she moved to Australia. Hermione had been an island all unto herself and could figure out everything on her own. But she came to realize that she could not weather the storm of life on her own. She found a fast friend in her mother and leaned on her.Talking to Jean had helped her to go from a mess of jitters to surprisingly calm. They went to the nail salon and she talked about her feelings and she came to realize that her jitters were normal. Jitters showed how excited she was for the date and did not mean that something was wrong, really it meant that something was right. Her mother told her the story of how she and Edward met and their disastrous first date. It started with a lovely dinner and ended with Edward falling into a pond.She was eternally grateful for her mum's help with choosing what to wear. Hermione learned over the four years that the way that she presented herself to the world was important. Caring about what she wore helped her to feel more comfortable in her own skin. But still, she had no clue what to wear for a first date. Harry left a note on the counter for her to dress casual for inside and outside. Jean had looked through her closet and Hermione swore she must have performed magic. She was able to take a simple pair of jeans and a purple fancy off-shoulder shirt and accessorize it with a necklace and her favorite pair of knee-high boots and turn it into the perfect outfit. Jean had missed these mother-daughter moments when she was at Hogwarts.The doorbell sounded and Hermione stood up quickly, hoping whoever was at the door would be quick. Hermione opened the door and Harry was standing on the porch.He was dressed smart in a button down teal shirt and khaki pants. Her heart started beating faster when she met his eyes. He held a bouquet of purple and yellow daisies in one hand and a picnic basket in the other.Harry took in the beautiful sight in front of him and smiled at her. "Flowers for the beautiful lady."He handed her the flowers and lifted up the picnic basket, "and treats for us to enjoy."Hermione took the flowers with a smile and moved to let Harry in the house. He followed her into the kitchen where she found a vase and set the flowers on the kitchen island."Thank you, they are beautiful.""Only the best for you Hermione. Shall we get going? There is a park a few blocks away that I would love to show you." They walked out of the house, side by side as they always had been.They headed away from Grimmauld Place and towards Culpeper Community Garden. They may have lived in a magical neighborhood but all around them was the muggle world. As they walked, Harry pointed out restaurants that he and Sirius frequented. He was very animated Hermione could see how comfortable Harry had grown being in both worlds. Hermione felt slightly out of place in both worlds in Australia but in England, she felt more like she belonged.They walked around the high walls that encircled the park until they found an unassuming staircase that served as the entrance into the park. Hermione was shocked that such an expansive park was in the middle of London. She took in the sweeping lawn dotted trees with a large pond in the middle with a willow tree dipping its branches in the water. Off in the distance, she saw what looked to be small garden plots that people were gathered around.Harry smiled at the look on her face. "That is why I love this park. Come on, we are going to go to my favorite spot by the willow tree."He grabbed her hand and led her to a spot off of the main path in full view of the park under the willow tree. He set the picnic basket down and pulled out a blanket. Hermione grabbed the other side and they laid it out.After they sat down, Harry continued, "this is a hidden gem that makes me feel like I am not in the middle of the city. You see the plots over there."Hermione's eyes went to the wisteria and rose-covered arch to the garden plots."Those are the community garden plots. The locals come and grow plants of all sorts. They get to stamp their own style on the garden area and it's amazing to see all the creativity. My old plot is right there in the middle, near Alicia there in the green apron."Harry opened the picnic basket and started setting out the dishes, Hermione watched people interact, one woman pulling weeds, another watering the plot for their neighbor, two kids were running around the outside of the gardens, their parents shaking their heads at their antics. "What a wonderful sense of community here. Any vegetables from your garden in this basket?""The veggies in today's basket are from the Potter Manor gardens. A couple months ago, I gifted my plot to a family with young children that moved down the street from Sirius. I still come and help them and others garden because I love being here. The little girl wants to be one of the gardeners when she grows up and follows them around helping out wherever she can. It's really cute."Harry pointed to the spread in front of them. "I made us some of my favorite snacks." He pulled out a plate filled with cheese, meats, and cut up vegetables. Beside that he set a bowl of pita chips and three flavored hummus dips.They started eating and talking about the garden and his times in the park with Teddy. Hermione told him about her travels around Australia and how varied the people and culture and food were on the vast continent. She had explored most of it on the weekend, from the deserts to the tropical forests to the grasslands and the tundra.Harry stacked the plates from their lunch and put them into the basket. He then pulled out the piece de la resistance, a matcha swiss roll cake. He also grabbed a thermos that was full of jasmine tea."This is just perfect Harry." Her eyes grew wider when she saw the dessert. "Oh you made a swiss roll, that is one of my favorites.""I know you mentioned it in the journal many times so I had to try to make it for you." Harry put a slice on each of their plates and poured the tea into the cups."Matcha has to be one of the best flavors in the whole world." Hermione picked up her plate and took in the earthly sweet smell of the cake, "Oh Harry, my mother was so stubborn to try cooking with it. It wasn't until I made her matcha macarons that she fell in love with it." Hermione took a bite and sighed as the slightly bitter and just sweet enough flavors exploded in her mouth. The pastry cream in the middle had chocolate chips in it that added a fun pop of texture. She stayed quiet enjoying the dessert.Harry was glad that his dessert impressed Hermione. "Glad you like it, I got the matcha from a temple in Japan when I went for a work trip last month."Hermione's eyes lit up. "It is pure bliss, Harry. Oh, Japan. It is my dream to go to Tokyo and immerse myself in tea and mochi and ramen and street food and everything. I have been reading more and more about their history and culture. I borrowed one of the cooking books that Hannah bought on traditional Japanese cooking to practice and prepare myself for a trip." Hermione took a bite of the swiss roll and rolled her eyes back in happiness.Harry put another slice on her plate. "Well I think we need to go sometime because my work trip was way too short and I spent a lot of it in meetings. I think we could have a lot of fun.""I wholeheartedly agree, Harry." Hermione rested against the tree enjoying listening to Harry telling her about his trip. The sparkle in his eyes and exuberance was addicting. Her travel bug was itching to go somewhere new and it looked like Harry had the same bug as well.An hour later, they started packing up the dessert dishes and Hermione found herself sad that their date was ending.Harry helped Hermione up and grabbed the blanket. He saw the sad look on her face."This is not the end, Hermione, I wanted to show you somewhere that I spend every moment I can in. I know you will love it.""Good, I didn't want the date to end. Lead on, Mister."Hermione took his outstretched hand and pulled her into his arms. He whispered in her ear, "I am going to need to apparate us, hold on tight."Hermione wrapped her arms around him and took a deep breath trying to stop her heart from exploding. His scent engulfed her senses, in parchment and fresh-cut grass. She did not even notice that they had appeared in a large Manor."So my beautiful bookworm, this is the Potter Manor library." Harry moved out of the way for her to see into the massive library.Hermione forgot to breathe at the sight of the library in front of her. She had been to hundreds of libraries in her life. Hell she had even visited the British library that held over one-hundred and seventy million books. This library looked to rival that one. There were dark brown shelves full of books as far as her eyes could see. There were bookcases along the, what had to be, four or five-story high light blue walls. Her brain could not comprehend all of the knowledge that that room contained."Hermione, you need to breathe please," Harry rested his hand on her shoulder. "So what do you think? You see, I have become a bit of a bookworm too and I knew I had to…"Hermione took a deep breath trying to get her thoughts together, she grabbed his shirt and pulled him towards her. She stared into those green eyes that had captivated her heart so many years ago. She could not have imagined a more perfect date, with the man she loved surrounded by books. Their lips met and it was one of those moments that neither would ever forget.

So many thanks to the wonderful Nova5621 (FFNet) /karasunova (AO3)! She is a boss for this fic... alpha and betaing too!Chapter 14It was past midnight by the time Hermione made it back to Grimmauld Place. She was flying on cloud nine, a stack of books in her right hand and containers of leftovers from dinner and the rest of the swiss roll in her left. She could not stop the smile on her face as she walked to the kitchen. The good night kiss had been just as good as their first and many shared throughout the evening.Hermione walked into the living room and set all of the items down on the counter."We were about to send the guard out to find you," Sirius exclaimed from the couch."Hey," she greeted him and put the dinner in the fridge.Hermione grabbed the swiss roll and joined Sirius on the couch. She could not keep the grin off her face, she sat back and sighed contentedly."Was that my daughter who came through the floo?" Jean yelled from upstairs."Yes, Jean." Sirius smiled.She came running into the room with a fluffy red blanket in her hand and sat down on the couch beside Hermione."I had to grab a blanket because this man keeps this house too cold."Hermione grabbed part of the blanket and tucked it under her legs. "Mum, have you been here all night?""Not all night, had delicious Italian food with your father, M, and Arthur. Your dad is probably still working on that car with Arthur, their new man project." She rolled her eyes, "So I had to come back and stay up with this ragamuffin and see how everything went. I've been kicking his ass at board games to pass the time. So, how was your night?"~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Hermione walked through the fireplace with a yawn and followed the now familiar route to the library. She had not heard from Hannah if they were on for breakfast but her pregnant cousin sitting on the couch quickly answered that question."Good morning, Cuz. I could not sleep so I got up early and baked a lot." She pointed to the tray that was filled with pastries. "I figured you would be here soon.""You think Talila can bring me a strong pot of coffee?" She sat down on the couch with another yawn."Right away, Miss," Talila said from the doorway and popped away."Wow, that was fast." Hermione continued to be impressed with the elf's tenacity."She wants to impress you, I think she has since you specifically asked for her." Hannah winked. "So do tell why are you so tired, cause I know for a fact that you don't have two human beings playing football with your insides?"Hermione grabbed a plate and filled it with pastries and placed it between her and Hannah. It was carb heaven on a plate."Sirius and my mum kept me up forever, talking about my date." Hermione grabbed the chocolate-filled pastry and took a huge bite. The flakey crust melted in her mouth and it was magical. Hermione knew for sure that this would have to be on the Sweet Shoppe menu."Oh, really? That sounds like fun."Talila popped back into the room with a french press filled with coffee. She placed a mug on the table and poured the coffee with a flourish. She added cream and a cube of sugar, exactly how Hermione preferred it."If you would like more coffee, please let me know.""Thanks, Talila, this is perfect." She grabbed the cup and took a long sip and the elf popped out of the room."So on the left of the plate are the savory pies and the rest are sweet, I did mango, coconut, chocolate, and almond. The chorizo," she held up her half-eaten pastry, "is my favorite but there is a spiced vegetable and a chicken one. Could not decide which I wanted more so I and the elves went a little crazy. We sent pastries to the local hospital to feed the workers this morning and some will go to the local school for a snack in the afternoon." Hannah wanted to ask about the date but didn't know where they stood on that. She was getting closer to Hermione but first dates may not be in their wheelhouse yet."Yes, these need to go on the Sweet Shoppe menu, Hannah," Hermione grinned. "So, I hope you don't mind, last night I was telling Harry about the library project here and he offered to come and help me tomorrow with the sorting." Hermione finished her first cup of coffee, feeling a little nervous that she had overstepped her bounds."Hermione, Harry is family to us, he is always welcome. And now as your gentleman caller, I wholeheartedly say the more the merrier," she squealed, "I am so happy and by the smile on your face you are too.""Jumped off the proverbial cliff and it was an amazing first date. And now I am so far in the deep end of the pool, I don't know which way is up and if I ever want to come up for air."Hermione had not admitted that the night before with her mum and Sirius. But it just came out with Hannah.Hannah patted her arm, "everything just clicked all at once, didn't it? Kind of terrifyingly fast for your brain to process it isn't it?"Hermione set down her pastry and faced Hannah, "yes, that is exactly right. I didn't think anyone would understand.""That was how Neville and I were. We had talked in the early years of school but had not grown close until we went back for our seventh year and were paired together as prefects. And one night he asked me to go on a walk with him. We talked and walked for hours, after curfew of course. We ended up in the greenhouses and I kissed him. Everything was so perfect from that point on and it didn't feel like it could be real." Hannah sighed, "my brain could not process everything that had happened and my heart just led the way.""It was in the Potter library for us." Hermione smiled at the memories from the night before."Sometimes it still doesn't feel real. What did I do to deserve this amazing man?" Hannah shrugged, "I think it's our magic telling us it's okay but our brains can't catch up that fast. Magic and love are closely intertwined and when you fit with a person, your magic will tell you. And you and Harry, are meant to be together."Hermione felt better after talking with Hannah, She felt justified in her feelings. They enjoyed their breakfast and spent the rest of the morning chatting. Hannah was such a welcoming caring person and she was so easy to talk to. This new friendship, all of her old ones, and the one growing relationship with her green-eyed wizard filled so many voids in Hermione's heart, she finally felt at home and happy.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Harry joined Hermione at the manor the next day. Hannah was sitting on the couch in the library when they entered and exclaimed, "morning, sunshines.""Morning, Hannah Banana. How are you doing?" Harry walked over to the couch and hugged her."Uncomfortable but what else is new. So, I hear you are dating my cousin. You best treat her like the queen she is.""You have nothing to worry about. She is the best thing that has happened to me." Harry grinned and sat down next to her.Hermione pulled a chair over to the table, "that breakfast looks amazing girl.""It's all Alfred's doing this morning. Today, everything hurts so I am staying put on this couch all day. He made spicy and sweet chicken and waffles. Harry, can you hand me my plate?"Harry handed Hannah her plate.Hermione's eyes went wide and she eagerly grabbed her plate, "you are taking me back to this mom and pop restaurant in downtown Sydney where I ate my first chicken and waffle. It had this sauce that was to die for."She dipped her finger in the sauce on the side and rolled her eyes back. It tasted like honey, sriracha, and umami magic. "That sauce is amazing Hannah, the elves should bottle and sell that."Hannah laughed and they all tucked into their breakfast. After their morning meal, Harry and Hermione started sorting through more books.A few hours in Hermione threw her hands up at the diminishing piles of books. "Well since this is the last stack of books and no journals, it looks like we need to go to the manor for the last three of Allison's Hogwarts journals."Harry nodded at her, "at least we found all of Alice's today.""Yea, I guess that is a good thing." Hermione sighed. She wanted to know more about the later years at Hogwarts and about Allison's post-Hogwarts assignments with the Order. She hoped that these would hold the clues to who her biological father was because while these past journals were interesting, they held no clues.Hannah sighed, "well I guess we will have to take that trip to the manor later this week.""That is if those kiddos don't decide to come sooner," Hermione grinned."One can only-" Hannah stopped mid-sentence as a contraction took her breath away.Hermione stood up quickly when she saw Hannah gripping the couch in pain and moved to her side, "how long have they been coming?"Hannah let out a strained laugh, "Oh you know a few practice ones this morning but this was the first doozie. Guess they weren't practice ones."Talila appeared in the room. "Meemy is getting Master Neville and the midwife. Looks like our babies are going to come today."Hannah looked down at her belly, "finally you stubborn children." She stood up from the couch with the help of Hermione and Talila.Hannah sighed, "it looks like no trip to Harwood manor for this girl. We didn't get a chance to ask before so I figure now is better than never. Neville and I had wanted to ask you two today if you would be the godparents to the twins?""Hannah, of course," Hermione hugged her and kept an arm around her in support."Will you stay? I would really like to introduce you to them first? You are our only blood family and I think it's really important and I just," tears fell down her cheeks as the enormity of what was going to happen finally hit her. Hannah's parents had passed away during the war and Neville's gran had died after. She wanted so badly for the family to surround her and her babies."I will be here as long as you want, Hannah. Don't you worry. Gotta meet my little nieces." Hermione rubbed her back through the tears.Meemy popped back in the room, "Mistress the midwife said you need to walk around for a bit, it will help get the labor moving. Master will be here soon, he had to get out of the Wizgamnot meeting. He is leaving as quickly as he can. I told him it would take hours for the babies to come."Hermione turned to Harry who looked to be out of his element. "Harry, why don't you keep sorting through the books, we need to finish that last pile. I'll go walk around with Hannah until Neville gets here.""Now that I can help with. And I would love to be their godfather," he added before they walked out of the library. He sat back down in the books and continued organizing.Harry finally finished sorting through the books and stood up looking around the room. The library looked to be a little less chaotic with large piles of books stacked near the shelves. He started putting the Herbology books on the shelves in alphabetical order.Hermione walked into the library an hour later. She and Hannah walked through the grounds of the manor. Neville had joined them, apologizing profusely about being late. He told them that he had to stay for the budget vote since he sat in for the Harwood and Longbottom seats. He had not been able to leave until it was done."Hey, you." Hermione sat down on the couch with a yawn and Harry joined her, "going to need caffeine to stay awake, stayed up way too late with Sirius last night playing video games."She looked around the library, "this place looks even better and you even started putting them away. You know, I have an even quicker way of putting them back on the shelves."Harry sat back and watched her work. She waved her wand and started using magic to put the books in alphabetical order on the shelves. As she did this she explained to Harry that she had worked with a professor at the Wizarding school in Australia to create a spell for organizing books. She was the only person running the Codex for the first year so she had to be the most efficient she could be with her time and this spell made it much easier to restock her shelves.She stopped after organizing half of the books and leaned into Harry. "Let's do the rest later. I am tired."Harry had his arm around her and was playing with her curls. "You'll have to teach me that spell, that is pretty fantastic. I grabbed some books you had on your list to read, want to join me?"She rested her head in his lap and nodded. He handed her an old herbology tome and he started reading the Longbottom and Harwood family journal. They sat in comfortable silence as the fire burned in the background.Hermione's book fell from her hands as she fell asleep. Harry caught it and placed it on the couch next to him. He continued reading through the family journal, wanting to be able to help Hermione with this journey of learning about her biological family. He had done extensive research on the Potter and Black lines and now was glad he could learn the history of another family.The day before Harry had stopped by Flourish and Blotts to share his news about Hermione and ask Mauve and Pops to add the Longbottom and Harwood families to his list of topics to keep an eye out for rare books.Talila appeared in the room and set down a tray of sandwiches, crisps, and tea on the table for them, "would you and Miss like anything else?"Harry shook his head, "I think we are good for now Talila, thanks for taking such great care of Hermione. I think you are close to your goal, she talked about you on our date and how honored she felt that you shared your stories about Allison with her."Talila beamed in happiness, "thank you, Mister Potter, I do hope." She stopped talking, noticing that Hermione was waking up."Hey Talila, thanks for bringing us lunch.""Not a problem Miss. Mistress Hannah is doing well but is going to be a while longer. I know that she asked you to stay to meet the babies after they are born. Would you like me to freshen up your room, Mister Potter? I have already prepared Miss Hermione's."Harry nodded, "that would be great, Talila. Is there anything we can do to help? Like, make everyone dinner?""That would be most welcome, we the elves are going to perform a ritual to add our new babies into our magic after they are born. For that, we must prepare." Talila was dancing on her tiptoes in excitement."Can I help with the ritual?" Hermione asked.Talila nodded excitedly, "Yes Miss you can. It's even more powerful when a member of the family helps. If you don't mind, I can explain everything to you right now."Hermione sat up and gave Harry a kiss on the cheek, "that sounds perfect," she handed Harry a sandwich and grabbed one for herself."Our elf magic is linked directly to our family. This ritual is done after births, marriages, and adoptions so that our magic can bond to the new members of the family. Our family bonding ritual is done in the spell room in the basement in the rune circle. We will chant and say the spell in elvish to open our magic. It will be done within thirty minutes of the twins being born, that is when the magic is most potent."Talila's face dropped and she stopped. Tears started falling from her eyes."Miss Hermione if you participate in this, it will most likely bond you and me together. I was Allison's elf and bonded to her when she was born as Ana and Ashryn will be bonded with the twins. The bond that I had will search out your magic because you are my Allison's daughter. I am sorry."Tears continued to fall from her eyes, she wanted to bond with Hermione so badly.Hermione moved from the couch to sit beside the elf. Hermione had been thinking about the little house elf more and more. She knew during her school years that she had been completely wrong about freeing them. House-elves and Wizard/Witches held an integral bond, that helped both the magic-user and elf. As long as it was not abused, it was a good thing for the elves to have a family. She learned a lot from the aboriginal tribes in Australia about magical creatures and their bonds. She met many elves that shared their stories with her."Talila, do you want to bond with me?" Hermione asked."With everything I am Miss Hermione." Talila looked into Hermione's eyes trying to convey her feelings."Then let's do that tonight, or now, whatever is best. Thank you for giving me space and being here for me. Just so you know I am not going to be the easiest person to get along with, I do a lot of things for myself and am stubborn when people try to do things for me. You are a part of my family."Talila hugged Hermione and was happier than she ever imagined she would be. Ever since Allison had died, a piece of her had been missing. Alice and subsequently Granny Longbottom and Neville had been good to her but she was not their elf."Miss Hermione I am going to go get everything ready for our bonding on top of us doing our family bonding." She gave one last smile and popped out of the room."The great SPEW leader, bonding with a house-elf. My, my how things have changed." Harry grinned."You're a butt." She jumped up from the floor and started ticking Harry. He of course had to fight back and minutes later they were snogging on the couch. They seemed to have a thing for libraries and could not keep their hands or lips to themselves.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Later that afternoon, Neville and Hannah joined them in the library for dinner. Dinner was an interesting affair with Hannah stopping to breathe through the contractions. After they finished dinner, Hannah insisted that someone in this house get some damn sleep, since she would not be getting any.Hermione and Harry met with the elves after dinner to talk about the ritual. Everyone was delighted that Hermione and Talila would be bonding. Talila pulled out her fanciest dress for the night. She told Hermione it had been designed by one of the Longbottom elves. It was the Harwood family color of light blue and was adorned with sequins and jewels.Harry and Talila showed Hermione to her room. She was amazed at how well Talila knew her taste and style. Floor to ceiling windows stretched across the largest wall in the room and the moon shined brightly outside. Cushions were spread on the window seat with bookcases surrounding it.Her bed was centered in the room so that she could sit in the bed and look out at her view of the gardens. There was a fireplace across from the bed with a small sitting area and more bookshelves. Talila explained that Andre, the most artistic of the house elves, had painted the mural on the wall behind her bed. It was geometric patterns in varying hues of teal. In the middle was an Asian inspired otter with her name written in fancy script below.Harry reluctantly left her after giving her a searing kiss good night, "see you in a few hours, Hermione. There is a blue dress in your wardrobe that I had Winky grab from the manor that I thought would be perfect for the ritual."She closed her door with a sigh. That sultry sexy voice and kiss left her wanting so much more. She walked over to her wardrobe and found a ceremonial shift hanging in the front. It was the perfect thing to wear. She would need to be comfortable as she would be kneeling with the elves in the spell circle. She grabbed a pajama shirt, changed, and crawled into bed. She was asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.~~~~~~~~~~~Hermione quickly made her way down to the spell room in the basement of Longbottom manor, the twins had been born just a few minutes ago and she and the elves were meeting to complete their ritual.She saw Harry waiting outside of the spell room. He smiled at her and kissed her cheek, "you look perfect," he commented as she walked into the room.Harry sat outside of the circle and the elves and Hermione joined hands in the middle. One elf started chanting and the others joined in unison one after the other. Hermione felt the old magic course through her body and started chanting her part of the ritual. Talila and Hermione joined both hands together in the middle of the circle to complete their bonding.At that moment, Hermione saw with such clarity and knew with everything in her heart that she was home. Her life was complete and so full of joy. She had family and friends that made her life so much fuller. While she liked Australia, England was her home. She looked over at Harry and the love burst from her chest for that green-eyed man. She smiled the most brilliant smile as a bright yellow light shone through the room as their bonding completed.They moved and joined the rest of the elves to finish the family bonding with the twins. Bright purple light flooded the entire house as the spell completed. Hermione sat back trying to catch her breath. She felt like she had just run twenty miles. Talila placed her hand on Hermione's back and she felt the magic of their bond flow to her and she was slightly better.Harry moved to help Hermione up and hugged her. She didn't know what to say, all the emotions and feelings going through her. "Shall we make our way up to their room?""That was intense." They walked arm in arm up the stairs to the master bedroom."I did that with the Potter Elves, the high you are feeling will become normal. Their magic is unique and so different from ours." He rubbed her shoulder as they stopped in front of the doors, the elves were making their way into the room with them.Neville and Hannah looked exhausted sitting on the bed with two pink swaddled bundles. "Hey you two," Hannah waved them into the room."I am proud to present to you, our daughters." Neville was such a proud dad staring at the little girl in his arms, "Hannah has our little Cicely Alice Longbottom." he stood up and brought the baby in his arms over to Hermione, "and this is Chloe Ally Longbottom."Hermione's rush of emotions from the ritual and her acceptance of her family made her choke up at the name. He handed the little girl over to Hermione who had tears running down her cheeks. She felt an instant bond to the tiny human that was asleep in her arms.Hannah motioned for Harry to take Cicely, "you take this little spitfire, godfather. She came out screaming and finally just fell asleep." Harry took her and sat down on the chair near the bed.Hannah sighed in relief, "first nasty potion down and Meemy is bringing me food. I swear I could eat a horse right now." Meemy popped into the room with two trays and pointed to Neville to sit down."Bossy elf." He sat down at the edge of the bed watching his friends dote on his daughters.Meemy scolded him, "you need your food, Master." She handed him a sandwich and he took it with a loving grin at the elf and promptly ate.Talila was standing in the doorway watching her Mistress and family all together in the same room. Hermione saw Talila and walked over to her, she sat down on a chair and motioned for Talila to come forward, she stroked the baby's cheek in awe.Hannah looked over at the scene and burst into tears, everyone turned towards the mother with concerned looks, "these damn hormones are making me nutty. That is so sweet." She wiped away her tears. Neville moved to her side and comforted Hannah.Sometime later, Hermione looked at the exhausted couple. "You two need to get some sleep before these angels wake you up at all hours screaming." Hermione carried a semi alert Cicely to Hannah, "we are going to be here all day holding true to the family tradition. If you need us let us know."Harry grabbed Hermione's hand as they walked out of the room, "I think I could sleep for days." she said, yawning, "Join me?"He picked her up and carried her all the way to her room. Hermione was laughing the entire time and screamed as he tossed her on her bed. He kicked off his shoes and got in the bed beside Hermione wrapping his arms around her. She pulled the covers over them and breathed a sigh of relief. She kissed him one final time before surrendering to sleep.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Happy Saturday!
