A/NThis is my first ever full-length Dramione. I hope you enjoy it. This hasn't been beta-ed. All edits were made from me (with the help of a lot of editing applications.) I hope whatever mistake I miss isn't too bad.Updates will be every Tuesdays (hopefully)November 2000Dear Harry,I've been missing London every day but I would admit that Australia had been good to me and my relationship with my parents. They're doing better, still sore at my using magic on them.We're doing better, well at least getting there. Their memories are slowly returning and I've decided to stay with them in Australia until they finish rehabilitation. They decided, though, to stay here.They left everything behind when I erased their memories so they're staying where they've built a new life. I felt it unfair but this is the consequence of my actions. Despite this though, I promised to visit them during the holidays.The weather here had been nothing but sunny. It makes one feel good and optimistic that nothing will go wrong. I do hope so. Sometimes I'm too paranoid by the peace that I always tend to look over my shoulders. This is what we get, I guess, for never having a peaceful year at school.I am getting better. I hope you all are too.I miss you, and I can't wait to go back home.Love, HermionePS. Can you ask Ron the gender of his child? I still would want to be able to accomplish my godmother duties even if I'm a million miles away. I wrote to him already, but you know him. He rarely writes and it's probably going to be rarer now that he's working a case. Tell him I miss him too.Hermione folded the letter and tied it to the leg of the waiting owl on her windowsill. When she heard her mother call for breakfast, she retrieved the letter and the newspaper that the same owl brought her before going down the kitchen, not waiting to see the owl leave."I saw an owl pass by. Did you receive anything?" Hermione's mom asked."Just the paper," Hermione answered. She had been careful not to use too much magic around her parents. But the owls were something she couldn't control. Her parents didn't mind though, somewhat enjoying the visits of the owls every week."Any news?" Her father asked. He would ask this every time Hermione got a copy of the Daily Prophet just because he didn't want to read it himself. He was afraid about the moving pictures but Hermione assured him that muggles don't see them move.That hadn't helped assure him at all.Hermione looked through the headlines, seeing if there was anything worthy to share with her parents.There wasn't anything she thought her parents would be interested in though she did see a small article about Draco Malfoy.Hermione decided not to share it, as they've only ever heard of him anyways during that one time she talked about him in her second year. Hermione doubted they even remember him. She took note of the page, though so she can read it later on.She turned to her father answering, "there isn't anything that concerns us." The same phrase Hermione uses that vaguely means they should just proceed to the next topic.Hermione's mother eyed her husband before she started talking about what will happen at work that day.Hermione listened.There wasn't much she can tell other than whatever Harry, Ron, or Ginny say in their letters. She doesn't go out much, and the only time she does is when she accompanies her parents. Hermione couldn't tell them about those times, seeing as they were there were her so most of the time, Hermione only listened to whatever her parents decided to tell that day.A couple of minutes later, breakfast finished, and Hermione almost done with the dishes, her parents started for work, leaving her alone in the house. She looked at the chores needed to be done for the day listed on a piece of paper, placed on the door of the fridge with a magnet.She noted grocery, laundry, and other small errands. Seeing as there weren't many, she decided to forego it for later in the afternoon. Instead, she decided to read the paper.Much like the other weeks, there wasn't anything in the paper that she found mildly interesting. There were articles about a wizarding couple getting engaged, Aurors rounding up more Death eaters, particularly interesting only because of Harry's face as the accompanying picture even though he seemed involved only a little in the capturing, and additional details about the case that the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures had started working on a few days ago, one she knew off when Ron mentioned it in passing in one of his letters.Hermione turned to the page where she remembered the article written about Draco was in and started reading it.It was a small article, barely even a fourth of the page. There wasn't a picture, to her dismay, to accompany the article. Hermione would've wished to see how Malfoy was doing because the last time his face was on the paper was just before he was sentenced to a year in Azkaban. He didn't even look a tad bit well then.Hermione shook the disappointment away from not seeing Draco and instead concentrated on the article. It had briefly explained the reason for his sentence, and why he was released after only 10 months in prison. Though the ministry agreed to allow him to stay in France where he is setting up his business, he needed to go back to England every month for inspection. He hasn't missed any meeting ever since he was released two months ago. The last few sentences included the reporter just rambling on getting more information for the next issue.Hermione found herself laughing.Malfoy was probably keeping away deliberately. She placed the paper down, not seeing anything else to read. Instead, she turned on the telly to watch the news, Draco Malfoy already a distant memoryFebruary 2001Hermione sat on her bedroom chair wondering what had happened in England. She received a few letters from Harry the past months but it only contained little information. It was mostly just little details regarding their lives back in England, but none contained answers to questions she had asked in her letters.Harry did mention that there were going to be problems with sending letters so she didn't worry too much but three months without news is making her anxious.Her parents had started their rehabilitation, and though she went with them often, most of the time they tend to just let her stay at home. Hermione worried too much and that annoyed her parents more than it assured them so they asked her, for their sake, to just stay at home. Because of this, on most days, Hermione did nothing.Grunting, seeing the sky clear and devoid of any flying owls, she made her way down to breakfast."No posts today?" Hermione's mother asked looking at Hermione who looked to be trying to hide her annoyance. "There hasn't been any the past few months." Hermione sighed in defeat."Maybe they're busy with work." Her father asked, reading from his muggle newspaper. Hermione confirmed they were, but she muttered a complaint saying work never interfered before.With breakfast ready and served, all talks of London were forgotten.Hermione didn't want to admit it but she knew that her anxiety and agitation were because she didn't have work to do. When she received letters, she can dedicate her time to writing responses but now that there were no letters to write, she realized how uneventful her life is.Yes, she was able to find her parents. Yes, she was able to help restore their memories but when everything about her parents and their memories has been exhausted to written words on a paper sent to her best friends, she realized she barely had anything to talk about. Maybe she could find a new hobby. She thought but decided against it. Hermione would probably be back in London soon anyways.Hermione's mother eyed her from across the table and sighed, realizing what her daughter must be thinking."You know you can go back to London. We can do this on our own." Hermione looked up at the sound of her mother's voice before processing the words she wasn't listening to."I promised I'd stay until you're both well, and no complications will arise." Hermione reminded them. "Besides, the Ministry is much more comfortable with me only a call away," Hermione added."Well at least for today, go out and do something. You'd be leaving in a few months, at least explore the city." Her father suggested. Hermione mulled over the plan of going out. She never thought about it because she didn't have anyone to go with. Realizing that going out alone didn't seem like much of a bad idea, she decided to go with it, at least for today."Okay! I'll do that." Hermione answered. "Do you want me to buy anything while I'm at it?" she added."Just think of yourself today." Her mother said, before delving into work conversation with her father.Hermione had spent most of her morning touring the coastline near her house before heading to the city to join the tourists in their sight-seeing. She hasn't been around the muggle world for as long as she remembered and going around without the use of magic is oddly refreshing. Though there were times she itched to use her wand to do things easier, she eventually gave in and did things the muggle way. Even if it meant waiting in line.She was looking at her map around lunchtime to look for a place to eat when she felt someone bump into her."Oh, Merlin! I'm so sorry. I wasn't look-" Hermione looked up from her map, swiftly uttering her apologies seeing who she bumped into. She expected someone unknown, and yet what faced her was a familiar face, though she hadn't seen since the Battle at Hogwarts."Zabini?" Hermione asked, wondering if she was mistaken. The man she bumped looked up at the mention of a name, his eyes widening at the recognition."Granger!" Blaise Zabini exclaimed. "Fancy seeing you here. Ironic how I see you a few miles away from England but never in England." He joked."Well, I was everywhere. You wouldn't have missed me." Hermione said, the obvious discomfort she felt being shoved into the spotlight laced her tone."Wizarding Britain is surprisingly big if you're trying to get away from people," Blaise admitted. He carefully guided Hermione to the side when a lot of people started walking past them. Hermione followed, grateful, though she didn't voice it out.Her stomach growled, and all thought of lunch which was put in the back of her mind by seeing a familiar face suddenly resurfaced again.She thought of inviting Blaise to lunch but decided against it, thinking it might be too forward. They were never friends in Hogwarts and though the fact that they did graduate from the same school added a sort of alliance between them, she still didn't know whether or not they were "close" enough to invite each other to eat.Instead, she asked, "Were you trying to get away from me?", trying to at least continue the conversation despite her stomach pleading to be filled.Blaise smiled guiltily, blocking Hermione from the throng of people. "That's a long story." he supplied."Do you want to grab some lunch with me to talk? I mean only if you want to." Blaise said, adding the last part guiltily as if only thinking that inviting the former Gryffindor witch wasn't supposed to be something a former Slytherin will do."I am rather famished. Before I bumped into you I was looking for somewhere to eat." Hermione admitted."Let's go then. I know a place." Blaise said proudly. Hermione didn't complain. She was hungry, and here was someone asking her to join him to eat.When Hermione followed Blaise to a restaurant, she expected something fancy - also something more magical. What she didn't expect was to be brought to this little shack-like beachside restaurant, very muggle. She eyed Blaise curiously as if asking why he brought her here."I own a small chain of restaurants back in England, and I was hoping to expand the menu to more than English food. Part of expanding the menu I guess is trying out different restaurants, wizarding and muggle. I've eaten here last week and came back every day to try everything they have to offer." Blaise explained seeing the stare of her female companion.Hermione nodded in understanding before sitting down."I didn't fancy you to try muggle food," Hermione said, opening up her menu."Surprisingly there are a lot of things muggles cook up that we've never tried in the wizarding world. I thought it was an additional charm for my restaurants if I added some." He explained, "And they don't taste bad, compared to what I've grown up believing." Blaise added, a strained laugh accompanying as if he thought what a stupid idea it was to doubt food just because it was created by non-magical folks.Hermione nodded in agreement, closing her menu, not being able to choose and let Blaise pick out for her since he tried most of what's on the menu anyway.He placed their orders.They lapsed in silence.Hermione didn't find it awkward, maybe getting used to being around a crowd and sharing silence but Blaise looked uncomfortable, fidgeting, obviously trying to find something to talk about.He sighed."I didn't deliberately try to get away from you." Blaise started. Hermione zoned herself back to the conversation, realizing Blaise just answered the question she asked before he offered lunch. "It was just the safest thing to do seeing that the general public wanted the Slytherins and their families, and demanded their heads." He added, looking somewhat shy when he said it. Hermione reached across the small table and patted the back of his hand, which was resting on top of the table. "You were as guilty as any of us. The war brought out the worst in all of us you know. If we weren't treated as heroes, we should've been placed on trial as well." Hermione explained. She did think it was somewhat unfair that just because they've won the war, all the bad things they did to achieve that was treated as a necessity rather than a crime; but all the equally bad things the opposite side did was treated as something to warrant punishment rather than their means of survival."Well, the war created sides and whoever chose the dark, didn't have the right to walk in the light," Blaise muttered loud enough for only Hermione to hear. Nonsense, she thought. Hermione continued to affirm him that now that the war was over there was no point in dwelling on the good or bad sides. She knew he was right anyway. If she fought for the dark side, whether willingly or in fear, she would've stayed away from people after the war as well."How's England?" Hermione asked forcing both of them into a less depressing topic."Well, I haven't been to England in the past few months," Blaise answered. "You might know more stuff than I do." He added."I won't hold you to that. I've been in Australia for almost a year." Hermione clarified. She then started talking about her parents and why she sent them to Australia in the first place. She also talked about the long process of recovering their memories and why she decided to stay with them throughout all of it."I know Mum and Dad haven't voiced it out but I do know they're apprehensive on me using magic on them, very strong magic at that," she admitted shyly. "I know they were mad when they found out but I guess the weight of just having their child back finally overruled any other emotion. I wanted to stay so we can rebuild the relationship we lost." Hermione added."That's very brave of you." Blaise inputted and smiled at his acquaintance. "The only thing I can tell you about England though is that's it's been raining, for three months now. What a winter that was." Blaise said, stirring the topic from sadness once again."Doesn't it always rain in England?" Hermione mused."Yes but Nott told me it wasn't the mild rains we usually get. It was storming in England. I barely got any letters. Owls were discouraged to fly." Blaise remarked."Storms for three months? Isn't that impossible?" Hermione asked."Nothing is impossible. Only unheard of. When it happens, it's no longer impossible." Blaise stated. Hermione found herself smiling at his inquiry."There wasn't even a single sunny day." Blaise continued to explain. "That's why I haven't been back. I don't like rain. Gives me bad vibes." Hermione smiled, having always felt the same about rain."What do you think caused it?" Hermione inquired.Blaise played with his paper napkin before answering. "The ministry first said that it was probably because of the big explosion that happened at the Daily Prophet that triggered the rain but it wouldn't be raining this long if that was the case." Blaise supplied. "I do think something is going on and both the explosion and the rain is a plan of some sort. Another reason, I didn't want to go back. Don't want to be roped into anything evil." Blaise amusedly said."Rain and explosions are hardly a reason to be suspicious," Hermione said. Blaise shrugged his shoulder, an explanation ready as to why he was suspicious. He leaned forward on the table and spoke more quietly than how he spoke before. "After the explosion, all copies of Daily Prophet from the first volume to now magically vanished. Whatever caused that explosion had something to hide and they made sure no one would find it. The rain might be part of the plan, that's why they're prolonging it for something" The food came a few minutes later after Blaise dropped his theories. The talk about the rain and the Daily Prophet was then forgotten as they started talking about the mundane parts of life. Hermione was even able to talk Blaise in going to see dentists.After lunch, Hermione headed home suddenly finding something to do.She looked through her things wanting to see if what Blaise said was true, that the copies of Daily Prophets were gone. Rummaging through her trunk, and to the box where she kept most of what Harry gave her, she found nothing."Mum, are the papers down there?" Hermione shouted from the top of the stairs."What papers, dear?" Her mother peeped at her from the bottom of the stairs, wondering what she was talking about. "The Daily Prophet?" Hermione clarified. "Didn't you keep it all? There isn't any in the living room or the kitchen." Her mother supplied. She nodded her head and went back to her room, feeling an awful headache coming due to all the thinking and the stress she was getting.She thought and thought and thought and came up with no reason as to why someone would want to extinguish all Daily Prophet copies. Whatever they were doing, they made sure that no one remembers whatever was written to whatever volume it was written on.Blaise was right. Something was going on.And here she thought she would be having a peaceful year. Fingers crossed, Hermione hoped, it had nothing to do with her friends.She was aching to go home but her mother's soft hum from the kitchen and his father singing along his music in the living room made her come back to the reason she was there in the first place.She sighed in resignation that the only thing she can do is wait.A few minutes later, all showered and dressed, Hermione found an owl perching on her window. She jumped in joy seeing Harry's rushed handwriting at the back of the envelope."Finally!" she said, scanning through the letter. Once she read the letter once, she immediately penned a question to Harry hoping he'd know what was happening, and if there was anything she can do to help. She tied that letter and sent it away using the same owl.After that, Hermione decided to read Harry's letter again.Dear Hermione,We miss you a lot too. I'm glad that your parents are recovering with no difficulty. I did wish they'd be back with you but I respect their decision. Ginny is apologizing she can't answer your letters. She's been stuck at the field for the past weeks and it isn't her fault. England is just plagued with rain these days. It's been very strong. What's weird though is that there wasn't any mention of a storm coming.I do hope you've received my letters. Even the owls are finding a hard time flying in this weather. If you ever read them, I decided not to write too much in case it gets lost in the weather.I hope our Christmas gifts to you arrived though. It was the first time we ever used sea cargo. Arthur was very excited about learning a new thing about muggle transportation. Hopefully, the rain stops soon but I'm assuming it hasn't been as strong as the first months because your letters have finally arrived. That's why this letter would probably be lengthy. I needed to answer all your questions, well at least all those I can answer. I haven't opened all your letters though, only about three. _I'll answer all the others once I've read them.Don't ask too much about the rain, though. It's too much to explain in one sitting and it's peculiar. We're all investigating it in case something is wrong. We think it's because of the explosion that happened at the Daily Prophet headquarters a few months ago. You know how it rains sometimes after fires to clean the air, but it's been three months and I'm already assuming it has nothing to do with it.We're working on getting to the bottom of it soon, to see if it was an accident or not. I'll tell you when I find out more about it.I haven't secured you a paper this time. As you can see, the Daily Prophet is indisposed. I'll try to ask Luna if she can give me another copy of the Quibbler though to send it to you. You'll find out if that worked the next time I send you a letter.Regarding Ron, his wife insisted not to know the gender of the baby until birth so I'll spoil it to you when the baby comes. Or maybe you should just buy gender-neutral things. I've talked to him earlier and he promises he'd get back to answering your letters as soon as he gets off work; no one can tell when that is.The Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures has been stumped. I do hope he gets some rest. His wife is demanding him to rest, but even she's aching to go to work. The case last year still hasn't been closed, and it involves both their work. I pity them. Stressed and working and with a baby on the way. I wouldn't wish that on me.Expect lots of letters coming your way in the next few days.See you soon, Hermione.Harry

August 2001The sun was shining, and the sky was clear but Draco sat in his study frustrated, cursing at the fact that the sky was clear. Despite the good weather, Draco felt off.Something was wrong.Something had been wrong for the past six months and it frustrated Draco because he couldn't pinpoint what exactly it was that was wrong.It started in November of last year.Regulations for his early release included visitation to the Ministry of Magic every month. He was allowed to travel, go wherever he wanted, lived wherever he wished but it was required of him to go back to England every month. The days he needed to go to the Ministry was random, never set, to his extreme annoyance. Draco was rarely spontaneous. He paired every second of the day to everything he needed to do. He was a man of habit and the randomness of his summons would usually throw him off. But he didn't complain, he couldn't complain. Instead, he readied himself every month, leaving a whole day free to adjust to the summons whenever it happened.When November came, instead of summons he found himself being visited by the Minister of Magic and another minister employee at his house in France. They didn't explain, only that there were problems in England and it was safer to just visit Draco instead. He wondered if they were trying to protect him from whatever's happening in England, or protect whatever's happening in England from him. He didn't ask - he couldn't or maybe he could. He never actually tried to. During his summons, he'd offer his wand silently and waited. He drank the Veritaserum and answered questions calmly. Draco did everything as peacefully as he could, waiting for the two-hour mark to finish and eventually, forgetting his summons until the next month rolled in again. The visitations continued until January, but after that, nothing. No letters, no summons, no visits, no portkeys, nothing. Draco waited until the last day of February, and still, nothing came. Once the first day of March came, he decided to visit the Ministry himself. He wouldn't put it past them if they forgot, the Ministry seemed busy. When he got to the ministry though, he was denied access. The next month he tried again, only getting the same results. So he stopped. Maybe they didn't need anything from him anymore. Maybe he proved himself already, proved that he already changed. Whatever was the problem, Draco didn't question it. He decided it was going to be the Ministry's problem and their responsibility.What bothered Draco more than his lack of summons were the letters that he stopped getting. Oddly enough, he stopped getting letters at the same time the summons stopped coming. That's when Draco started to feel that something was wrong. He didn't worry too much at the beginning; his friends barely wrote to him, and he barely wrote back but when his letters to his mother came back unanswered, he started to worry. Draco knew how much his father's death affected his mother, and though he insisted he stay beside her, Narcissa Malfoy insisted he go and restart his life, to relive it again, the way he wanted to this time. So Draco promised to always write to her, and she promised to always answer. The first week of unanswered letters didn't bother him much but when months' worth of letters started leaving no answers behind Draco started to worry. He flooed her, apparated back to the Manor, and even tried to contact the elves but to no avail. Narcissa Malfoy, it seemed to him, hadn't wanted to talk to him and that bothered Draco, more than he'd admit.It frustrated him to think that he wasn't understanding something and the only people he'd hoped he'd get answers from, he wasn't able to contact. His frustrations bled through his work. He worked harder. He worked more hours. He poured his frustration to his work and exhausted himself to just working. Because working meant he put his mind off other things, and that made him forget about whatever was bothering him. Work made him forget that something was wrong.But in that silent, perfect weather, August day everything caught up to him. On his desk sat an invitation. An investor wanted to meet him in England.England.Where the heart of the problem seemed to be. Whatever problem there was in England that the minister told him about seemed to continue to that day and only Draco knew nothing about it. Draco didn't want to have a reason to go back to England, but the reason, written in the barely readable handwriting of his secretary stared at him obstructively. He needed to go back to England. An investor would be good for the business, and he needed all the help he can get to boost his business to more than what it is now. Investors were important, and with his history, he needed people who would look past him and instead focus on the future he was trying to create.Looking at the clear blue sky, he penned a response to his secretary to fix his schedule for England next week. As he let his owl fly with his response, he assured himself that it was probably not too bad to go back. At least now he'd have a reason to visit his mother, even if, it seemed, she didn't want to see him.Ironically, during the past few months that Draco wanted to bury his frustrations, he found himself being comforted by muggle transportation. The first time he tried it was just after he got out of Azkaban. After successfully prying himself away from the doting hands of his mother, he decided to go take a walk, and acclimatize himself again to the outside world. Ten months might not be a lot, but it was enough for someone who only ever enjoyed comfort and luxury. Draco hated it inside Azkaban but he wouldn't deny that it taught him a lot about character. Acclimatizing himself resulted in a very uncomfortable experience for Draco, pushing himself to the edge of the wizarding world and to the boundaries that crossed the muggle world.It took him two more days, two painfully uncomfortable days to cross that boundary.Wanting to get used to the outside world again forced Draco to realize that his past and the actions he did before and during the war will permanently be stamped on him, causing heads to turn, and mouths to run with whispers about him that was highly exaggerated. He was used to the rumors, he was a Malfoy after all, and it wasn't like it was the first time that their family was talked about. Lucius Malfoy had always told him that he needed to be better than all those people who spread rumors about him. He needed to believe that he was better, and that was how Draco saw himself for the majority of his life, as better than everyone else.But when the skin of pride and arrogance had started peeling itself off, leaving a boy only brave enough when his father was around, it was hard to believe that you were better than everyone else and that was when Draco painstakingly realized that he wasn't.With the realization that he was only brave enough as a front for and because of his father, and the sad reality that there wasn't any father to hide behind anymore, Draco found himself wandering the muggle world.He didn't want to at first, still holding on to the invisible pride he still thought he had. A Malfoy in the muggle world. He wanted to laugh at the idea, but the pull of having no one know you, the assurance of having no one judge you overruled whatever (pride) fear he felt in charting the unknown territory. So with a wallet full of muggle money, exchanged and explained by the nice lady in Gringotts, Draco made his descent to the muggle world. He walked at first, not trusting to ride those silly contraptions he heard the muggles call as cars, but eventually decided that it might be a "fun" experience. He opted out of using cabs once he realized it was highly expensive and cab drivers, he learned, had a knack of ripping you off of your money especially if they find out you don't know anything about the place. Buses were a little more tolerable. It was inexpensive which sat well with Draco but a little too cramped for his liking. Trains, being used to it, was his go-to transportation, especially when he needed to go to and back from England.Any other muggle technology he never learned to like, but the transportation was something he thought as ingenious. Though wizarding transportation was way faster and easier, Draco found himself loving the fact that there weren't many limitations with muggle transportation, just as long as you had enough money, which Draco had. Plus, Draco liked the time he spent on those. He was able to catch a bit of reading or thinking, whenever he went from one place to another. Something he found little time for when he was at home, or work.A week later, with his meeting with his investor looming over his head, Draco found himself walking towards the familiar building of the Gare du Nord. Finding himself inside the building made the dread he was feeling somewhat bearable and he was glad he had found comfort and distraction, even if he knew it'll only be for a while.Though he didn't want to admit it, the moment he got to England, Draco felt uncomfortable.The nagging feeling he had that he had hoped he left back in France followed him to London. He tried to shake off the feeling, just excusing it as him dreading to go back to London.But when he tried to apparate to the Manor, where he planned to stay the first few days of the week, and failing to appear in his home's familiar living room, he knew something was wrong.Draco stood in front of his childhood home wondering why he can't get in. He tried to apparate right into the property but found himself just outside the wards. He tried walking in but the wards wouldn't let him. He tried putting down the wards, the same wards he put up, but it didn't work.Something was wrong. His mind kept saying.He didn't like it.Grunting under his breath, he cast a spell onto the property only for it to rebound back. In anger, he cast a few more, each one rebounding back. He stopped once a spell almost hit him, barely missing; the remnants of the spell still ringing at his left ear where it almost hit.Draco was just about to try again when someone walked up to him. It was an old man, someone he had never seen before."Excuse me, sir." the old man started.Startled, Draco said, well, rather shouted "Who are you!?""I'm the caregiver of the manor, sir." the man answered.Draco guffawed, "Caregiver?" Draco knew far too well they didn't need a caregiver. His parents had discussed this with him, saying that they'd only need a caregiver if, somehow, they found the Manor no longer housed anyone, human or elf.Draco tried to think of something to ask. It seemed too foolish to ask why he was here when it was obvious he was watching the Manor."How long had you been here?" Draco asked."Around six months now, Sir."Six months.Draco couldn't help but laugh at the coincidence. He had stopped receiving letters six months ago. Is this why? Because his mother was gone from the estate.Surely, he thought, if his mother left then she would've said something."Where's my mother?" Draco asked the old man, who was still watching and waiting patiently."I'm sorry, sir. I don't think I know who your mother is." The old man said."My mother - Narcissa Malfoy." He explained through gritted teeth, growing impatient.The old man's eyes widened and watched Draco more carefully now. He was alert and apprehensive. Draco narrowed his eyes to the old man, wondering why he looked so scared. The old man though continued to stare at him, the shock turning to realization as if realizing that there were parts of him that matched his mother. Draco wondered if this caregiver was someone his parents knew for a time, and only had reason to hire him again now. Draco wondered if the caregiver saw so much of Lucius Malfoy in him to finally be able to tell that he was his parents' child.But the caregiver's face turned from surprise to disbelief. He shook his head, whatever thoughts he was thinking off cast aside as if he knew something Draco didn't."You must be mistaken, sir, but Mrs. Narcissa doesn't have a child." The old man said, explaining his apprehension, explaining his disbelief. He sounded certain that if Draco didn't know better, he would've believed him."What are you talking about? I am Draco Malfoy. Son of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy" He felt foolish explaining this. This old man should know but he looked as confused as Draco felt.His head was throbbing."I'm sorry, sir. You must be mistaken." He repeated."I am not," Draco said, the anger he felt laced in his voice. "I know who I am and I'm getting into this house," he added, determined. The old man shook his head."Mrs. Narcisssa said that no one is allowed in the house until she returns. I'm sorry, sir. Seeing as you can't enter through the wards, it means you are not family. I mean no disrespect, sir, but I was entrusted with this house and you will not get in." The old man said before apparating away leaving a fuming Draco Malfoy behind.Hermione, to say the least, was excited to be back in England. She had foregone sleep (she did try but her nerves just wouldn't let her) and instead, spent the time writing all the things down that she needed to do once she got back to England.She spent hours working on what to say to her friends again, the questions she failed to ask, and the stories she forgot to tell in her letters. There was just so much Hermione needed to say; she was just too excited to go back.When the plane landed in England, Hermione was too jumpy to sit still, held only in place by her seatbelt. She wanted to sprint out of the plane, hoping that her friends were waiting for her already. The whole process of checking out felt like a blur to her when she finally saw the familiar red hair of her best friend and his sister. Ron and Ginny looked irked, staring around the airport trying to do things to not make them stand out-of-place in an unfamiliar environment, but Harry looked intrigued, seeing something he was only ever told about.It was Ginny that saw her first, waving her hands above her head as if Hermione didn't have a clear view of her friends anyway. This excessive action of getting her attention eventually got Harry and Ron's and a lot of other strangers', but Hermione didn't care.When she saw them, she ran towards them, luggage almost getting forgotten and tackling them into a hug."Oh! I missed you so much" Hermione said, hugging Ginny first, then Ron, then Harry telling them all how much she missed them."We missed you too, Hermione," Harry responded, extracting himself from his best friend's grip around him."Is that all your things?" Ron asked, looking at her one carry-on bag and one trunk. Hermione smiled sneakily and answered, "Yes."It took Ron a while to realize what exactly she did to her bag, and how she was able to fit all her things."Well when you said you were traveling through the muggle way, I thought you wouldn't be using any magic," Ron explained."I didn't want to carry all that, and wait for it all at check-out." They all looked confused, failing to understand what she was talking about. She shook her head, deciding to just explain everything when they got home.As they were walking out, they passed by a video screen, playing a plane taking off. Harry stopped, amazed at what he was watching."Did you ride that?" Ron asked, looking scared. "Is that even safe to ride?" He added, stepping away as if just by looking at it he'll be drag onto it."It's safer than flying a broom." Hermione nonchalantly answered. It was the wrong thing to say. The next thing Hermione knew, she was listening to the three of her friends go on and on about the safety of broomsticks. These Quidditch players, she thought."Why are there two bedrooms in my flat?" Hermione asked Ginny who was lounging on the only furniture inside her new flat while Harry and Ron were out buying food."The other one is for guests, silly," Ginny answered, with a small laugh as if Hermione should've known that. Hermione stood shocked, wondering when she'd even have guests stay for the night. Hermione thought of making it a small reading nook, or extend it with the study, instead.Ginny and Harry picked out the flat for her, even though she insisted that she would do it when she got back. They insisted though that she needed a place to stay in when she returned. She agreed eventually but insisted that the flat should be in a muggle neighborhood. Being around her parents made her value that part of her life more. Harry agreed. Ginny eventually agreed. Hermione still hoped she would be the one to pick out her place but once she had given a go signal to her friends, they immediately had a place ready for her to move into.The flat they picked out for her was good enough, but it was too big for her liking. She didn't complain after seeing it though, thinking that she'll eventually get used to it anyway, and find a use for all the space.After looking around the flat, mentally picturing what she wanted it to look like, she sat down beside Ginny on the couch (also another gift from the pair)."Do you want to start on the kitchen first or the living room?" Hermione asked. She insisted she decorate her room, so Ginny, Harry, and Ron agreed to help her with the rest of the rooms instead."Why don't we start eating first, I'm famished." Someone behind them said. Hermione looked around to see Harry and Ron walking in with their food."How was it, ordering in a muggle restaurant?" Hermione asked, crossing her arms on the top of the backseat of the couch, and placing her head on top of her intertwined arms, looking like a little girl waiting for a story."It was scary, but oddly rewarding when we finally finished," Harry admitted."Well, I'm never doing that again." Ron just said, placing the food on top of the boxes they realigned to act as a table.Hermione only laughed hoping to get the story out of one of them later. She jumped off the couch, settling herself on the floor and helping her friends serve the foo.When they finished eating, take-away boxes properly disposed of, Hermione finally told them the plan she had thought of while they were eating. This caused her friends to roll their eyes. Of course, Hermione would still be planning even if they were eating"Ginny and I will go to Gringotts to get more of my things..""You have more things?" Ron interrupted."Just a few books," Hermione answered. Ron just nodded, knowing 'a few books' were not actually few, especially if it was Hermione they were talking about."And you and Harry can unpack the furniture," Hermione said pointing at the boxes where she transfigured the furniture into smaller sets and placed them in one of the boxes."Which one?" Harry asked.Hermione bit her lip, and shrug, "It's in one of those." she said. Harry and Ron glanced at all the boxes, and exhaled loudly, already feeling tired just thinking of going through all the boxes. Since they promised to help though, they reluctantly agreed with the plan.After he failed to get into the Manor, Draco decided to go to Gringotts to get some spare change. He had money enough in his pockets to last him for the week but with everything turning out to be the way they were, he was suddenly wanting some extra money to splurge himself.He wanted to drink. He needed to drink and drinking requires a few extra coins.His luck for the day seemed to be nonexistent when he found himself arguing with a goblin who refused to accompany him to his vault."But I have the key!" Draco shouted, slamming the key of his vault on the counter where the goblin perched. The goblin just rose a suspicious brow at Draco."As I said Mr." the goblin stopped not knowing how to address him."Malfoy" Draco continued for the goblin through gritted teeth. The goblin nodded, still seeming unsure of who Draco was. "The vault you want to enter is in the property of Narcissa Malfoy. No one but her is allowed to access the vault." The goblin explained again.He had explained it to Draco the first time Draco demanded to get into the vault."I am her son," Draco shouted again."There are no records of Mrs. Malfoy having any children, more so a son." The goblin repeated.They'd been going through this conversation over and over again and Draco was just getting pissed.Draco was determined to catch whoever was behind this and whoever was will not be getting away with it.Angrily, he snatched his key away and started walking out of the building.Just before he got out of the doors, he felt a pain shoot through his shoulder. He growled menacingly realizing someone bumped into him. Malfoy looked back, shooting glares at the person he bumped in to."I'm so sorry. I wasn't-" The other person started saying only to stop when she saw who he was."Malfoy?" Draco felt his heart leap only because it was the first time today he had been recognized by someone, even if it was someone he was reluctant to see again.Hermione Granger."You know who I am?" He was supposed to tease her, every insult he used on her ready on the tip of his tongue, but what came out was that question instead, as if it was what he wanted to say."Well, you look better compared to the last time I saw you." Hermione started. Draco felt embarrassed because the last time they saw each other was during his trial."But you do look the same, Malfoy. If that's what you meant." Hermione added. "Did you do something to your hair perhaps?" Draco was ready with his snide remark but someone, a few steps away from them, called Hermione's name.Hermione didn't notice."Hermione!" they called again. "What are you doing? We've got to go." Draco looked over Hermione's shoulder to see the youngest Weasley, not giving him any attention."I've got to go but see you around, Malfoy," Hermione said before leaving him there, ruminating about what had just happened.Draco decided to go to a place in Diagon Alley he was comfortable in. Though he was somewhat scared of what'll await him when he gets there.Draco wished that someone was just playing a silly prank on his family just so he can have an explanation of why he couldn't get to any of the Malfoy properties. He had hoped too, that whatever joke this was, didn't affect any of his friends.Besides, if Hermione Granger recognized him, he was sure his best friend would."I'm looking for Theodore Nott," Malfoy said when he got to Theo's potion shop."He's out for lunch but he might be coming back in a few minutes." the woman at the front desk said. "Maybe you should just leave your name and wait at one of the chairs," she added pointing to the empty sofa chairs beside the entrance."Draco Malfoy." Draco gave. The woman looked at him curiously but decided to pen his name on a blank sheet of paper anyways.When Draco sat down, he looked at the place that his friend had built after they've graduated from Hogwarts. Unlike him, Theo had not experienced the prejudice the other Slytherin families experienced in the war. When Theo's father saw that the dark side was on the losing side, he renounced his place beside Voldemort and joined the Order instead. Though deemed traitorous by the pureblood families, the Notts got the better and nicer end of the stick after the war. Seeing where Theo was now, sometimes Draco wished he had just done the same.The good side was forgiving, only if you helped them win.Draco waited for a few more minutes, filled with unkept nerves and panic before he saw Theo walk in. He saw his friend talk to the woman at the front desk, the woman pointing at him. Theo looked back and saw him sitting down, beaming.Draco thought this might be good news. He stood up to welcome Theo.When Theo started walking towards him, the reality Draco tried hard to ignore started cementing itself in his head."Mr.." Theo stopped, looking down at the paper where Draco's name was written. "Malfoy" Theo continued, looking up at Draco as he said this.There it was, reflected in Theo's eyes, the lack of recognition.Theodore Nott didn't know who he was."I was told you were looking for me." Draco tried to act cool, to not breakdown in front of his friend who had no recollection of who he was.He tried not to let his emotions, not even trying to think of all the memories he shared with Theo that Theo now doesn't remember.How can Theo not know him?He wanted to scream and plead to whoever was doing this to him to just stop it. But he remained calm. He was good at being calm or pretending to be calm even when everything felt like it was falling apart."I am setting up a business, and I was told you were one of the people I could ask for advice." Draco lied. Theo smiled. The same smile he gives when he felt proud of himself when he feels he's done something good.A smile Draco, though he rarely saw it, knew so well."That's great to hear. I'd love to talk but I have a meeting to go to this afternoon. Can we talk some other day?" Theo said."Of course. I'll owl you." Draco said. Theo extended his hand for a shake which Draco hesitantly took, before watching his friend walk away."Hermione, you do have a lot of things!" Ron complained, placing a stack of books just beside the shelf set up in the living room that was filled with books already. If by "stuff" Ron meant books then admittedly, Hermione did have a lot."Well it's been a whole day of working, can we go get a drink?" Ginny complained, putting down the broom she was holding. Hermione had also insisted on cleaning the whole flat the muggle way.At Ginny's plea, everyone looked to Hermione because it was her place they were working on anyways."I suppose we can continue tomorrow." She voiced out, receiving relieved exclamations from the other three. Hermione looked around the room, even when Ginny was already dragging her outside, noting what else was needed to be unpacked.She estimated about 40% of the flat had been organized. Hermione knew, though, that once everything is placed, she'll still turn it all around until she's even a little bit satisfied.Ginny closed the door when they got out of the flat forcing Hermione to not think about it, and instead concentrate on the night they'll be having.The bar was loud when they got there. There were a few faces Hermione recognized as she and her friends walked towards the table Harry had reserved for them for the night."Is there a celebration you forgot to tell me?" Hermione said looking at all the familiar faces."Friday nights are sort-of celebration nights." Ginny started explaining, "No one talked about it. It was completely coincidental that a lot of people we knew go here on Friday nights. Sort of became a tradition after that." She added. Hermione just nodded after shouting her drink order to Harry."So how does it feel to be back in England?" Harry said a few minutes later, levitating their drinks toward the table."I've been here for less than 12 hours, Harry. I really couldn't tell." Hermione answered. Harry, as if realizing his mistake, rubbed the back of his neck, smiling shyly at Hermione.Ron came with food a few moments later, starting a conversation about quidditch after apparently seeing Cho with a Puddlemere United Keeper."Wood?" Ginny asked, engaging his brother."No! The one on the reserve team." Ron clarified. Hermione zoned them out knowing far too well there isn't anything she can contribute to the conversation.As she looked down at the food she was eating, she was suddenly reminded by the restaurant she and Blaise went to when they were in Australia.She didn't admit to Blaise that day that the food did taste exquisite as he promised. Impressed, she found herself going back and even ordering takeaway for her parents.Hermione wondered when she'll see Blaise again to give him the benefit of being right."Hermione?" apparently she didn't catch the question that was being asked her in her quiet musings."Hmmm?""Ginny said you met someone at Gringotts earlier today -" Harry started."Yes, Malfoy." Hermione interrupted."Narcissa?" Ron asked. "No. It was a man" Ginny clarified.Hermione looked at Ginny, confused. She was sure the redhead had been able to see who she was talking to. Hermione started thinking about how Ginny would fail to remember. Harry was still looking at her expectantly, waiting to hear what had happened earlier that day."It was Draco Malfoy." At the mention of his name, everybody looked confused. Hermione thought that maybe they didn't know Draco was out of Azkaban though that failed to become a plausible explanation in her head because if she knew, they probably should too."Who?" Ron asked again.Did I speak too quietly? Hermione thought."Draco Malfoy?" she repeated now unsure. She looked at all three of her friends looking at each other as if asking if the name sounded familiar.By the look on their faces, it didn't and Hermione could also tell that Draco Malfoy is suddenly someone they didn't know."You don't know who he is?" Hermione asked, just in case they were joking."Is he famous perhaps?" Harry asked, now intrigued."Well, a little," Hermione muttered."I didn't know there was another Malfoy? I thought Lucius was the last of the Malfoy line?"What?Now Hermione was confused."Maybe Hermione met him in Australia and forgot to tell us," Ginny explained.Ron just shrugged, "Probably got lost with all the other letters that didn't arrive." He said. The mention of the lost letters suddenly triggered the three of them to talk about the 3-month rain they experienced in England.They involved Hermione as much as they could but most of the time, only three of them were talking.Hermione tried to listen.Though the only thing that was running in her mind was her meeting Draco Malfoy earlier that day, and the way he asked if she knew who he was.Draco wasn't in the mood for anything so he took a bus, and the Tube, and even a cab. He just needed to think; though public transportation has proved to him helpful before, it wasn't helpful today.He knew something was wrong, but he didn't know what it was and because of that, he couldn't think of a way out.He sighed, eventually deciding to go down at a stop near the hotel he was staying in.It was raining.Draco always hated the rain. It just felt too sad, already putting a damper to his already hapless life.He tried to ignore it just deciding to walk fast to reach his hotel as dry as he could.As he was walking towards the hotel, he suddenly saw a familiar face. Draco shook it off the first time he saw her; his head was already playing with him the whole day, it was probably playing with him now. When Draco started following her, more because of curiosity than anything else, and saw her cross the street, Draco was sure it was her.Hermione Granger.Hermione prided herself at being smart, ideas always present at the top of her head, and plans ready when somebody needs it. She also prided herself on being quick. So when she noticed someone following her, she immediately took her wand out pocket, settling it nicely inside her jacket sleeve.Whoever it was that was following her though was faster. Just as she turned the corner, towards a secluded alleyway, ready to duel away from the prying eyes of the muggles, she found herself being pinned to a wall, the back of her clothes getting drenched from the wet bricks she was pinned on.She heard breathing, but the rain which was getting stronger, blocked her view of her attacker so she couldn't identify who it was. It was a wizard though. Hermione noticed the wand.A few more heavy breaths later, his attacker finally looked up."Malfoy?" she exclaimed. She wasn't sure it was Draco but when she looked closely, it was the same pale blond her, getting dirtied by the rain, and the same icy gray eyes.It was him. She knew it."Help me."A/NI'm very excited to get this story rolling. This was the hardest chapter I wrote just because I was stuck on how to write it but I hope you liked this chapter. I've written most of the story already but if you do have suggestions I would definitely consider them. Please leave a comment and/or kudos. It'll definitely help.Until next week, Alana

August 2001"Are you moving out?" was the first thing Draco Malfoy said when they got to Hermione's flat.She was still in shock - utterly, no-words can explain, shock.Taking them to her flat was the first thing that came to Hermione's mind when Draco was heaving 'help' at her face. She wasn't going to keep them under the rain waiting for Draco to explain, so she took them to her flat. She would probably regret it when it would finally sink into her that Draco Malfoy was in her home but that was something she would think about later.Right now, Draco needed help and it was her help that he sought out. Though why her help was something Hermione kept asking herself."I'm moving in, actually." Hermione clarified."You've been away?" Hermione wasn't sure why Draco was prolonging small talk. She was sure he wasn't interested in her life enough to ask about it but she decided to engage him. Besides, talking, though rather tense, was better than whatever awkward silence will follow if they decided not to talk at all."I was in Australia. For a year. With my parents." Hermione tried to emphasize in the way that she stopped between phrases that this was a conversation she wasn't willing to talk about to Draco. Anyone else would've been fine. Heck Blaise even got the full story but Draco - she won't give him that benefit. It didn't seem like he'll be the type of person to care anyways. Hermione wasn't about to lay down a part of her life just for Draco to forget about it later."You should sit down," Hermione said, resetting the conversation so he couldn't continue the last one.Draco eyed her curiously, probably having questions that he wanted to ask but deciding it was best not to. It was him that was supposed to be answering questions anyway."You wanted my help?" Hermione asked, settling herself on a box she transfigured to a small chair.Draco looked uncomfortable on her sofa. He didn't relax. Instead, he sat like he was forced to attend therapy, and he didn't want to be there."There had been rather strange occurrences that I've encountered since I got back to England earlier this morning." he started."You've been away?" Hermione regretted it the moment she asked it. It suddenly did feel like they were in therapy and she was a rookie therapist, having her first patient."I was in France," Draco answered. He sounded frustrated, like this wasn't how he imagined this meeting would go.He groaned, and leaned forward, "Let's drop this patient-doctor thing and talk like friends." He suddenly said.So he felt it too, Hermione thought."We're not friends," Hermione whispered, hopefully, silent enough. But Draco stared at her impatiently making her know he heard."Like schoolmates then. I need your help." he started."Well, you have to tell me what you need my help for." Hermione interrupted."I was getting to that," Draco argued. Hermione sighed, staying silent; Draco started recalling his day.He started from the moment he got to the manor until he found her. Every minute was accounted for. Draco didn't want to miss anything just in case his recounts of the day would shed some light on what was happening to him.It didn't. He didn't really expect it to.Draco looked at Hermione trying to decipher what she was thinking. She looked surprised more than anything, but she also looked like she was piecing something together."It makes sense now," she whispered.That wasn't what Draco expected to hear."What makes sense?" Draco asked when Hermione failed to say anything else. Hermione looked up, surprised to see him there. Momentarily forgetting there was someone else in the room.Hermione leaned forward to answer him. "Earlier, during dinner, I asked Harry, Ron, and Ginny about you." Draco raised a brow, expectant."They acted like they didn't know you. They said that Lucius was the last of the Malfoy line." Hermione explained. "Like you didn't exist," she added in a low voice unsure if that was something Draco wanted to hear.Draco released a frustrated grunt, throwing his jacket across the room, and standing up abruptly. Hermione jumped. She was particularly glad though that she hadn't unpacked too much stuff in case Draco decided to throw those too.He started to pace the room.It looked like he was in deep thought so Hermione didn't interrupt him. She waited in silence until he was ready to talk about it again and just watched him walking around her flat.Draco was panicking. The more people not knowing who he was made him worry. It suddenly felt like whoever was behind this made sure no one would know him. It didn't matter who didn't remember, it mattered that all people didn't. Well, at least all of Great Britain. His employees in his firm still know who he is, and who he was. Whatever this was, it was only affecting everyone in Great Britain.He stopped pacing then proceeded to stare at her. "How do you remember me?" Draco asked.Hermione didn't answer immediately. How does she remember him? She thought, "I don't know," she just answered."Something must have happened in Britain the time you were away because whatever is polluting the air didn't affect you."Hermione's head started to hurt and she started to feel dizzy. She wondered if it was because of the lack of sleep or Draco's continued pacing. Nevertheless, she wanted to rest."Can we please just calm down?" Hermione said, resting her fingers on her head, massaging the dizziness away."Because that's so easy to do." Draco spat. To Hermione, it felt like Draco was releasing his frustrations, and she was the only one there to receive it all. She didn't try to argue. Whatever Draco was going through would frustrate her too if she was in his shoes."Malfoy.." she started, the throbbing in her head still not dissipating. . "Why don't we continue talking about this tomorrow? When we both have clear heads." She needed to sleep."I have a clear head," Draco muttered, annoyed at the sudden dismissal of his problem."Mine's not!" Hermione argued, trying to keep a level voice. "If you want me to help you, let me sleep," Hermione said, resigned.Draco took a deep breath before picking up his jacket from the corner where it rested and started dusting away the dirt."You can take the sofa," Hermione said, suddenly retreating to a room. Draco just assumed it was her room. He watched her exit to her room, wondering why she assumed he'd be sleeping in.Draco didn't have time to ponder because Hermione came back out with a pillow and a blanket."If you want to go home then go," Hermione said, seeing him not move from his prior position, looking surprised,"It's raining and I'd rather have you stay here so we can work on your problem early tomorrow. Wouldn't you want to find an end to this already?"Draco would've said that staying up the whole night would actually make it quicker but Hermione was already swaying on the spot she was standing in. If Draco had insisted they stay up, he would probably just find her dozing off on the sofa, and Draco didn't know what to do with a sleeping Hermione."Fine, Granger!" he answered, waving her off. "Go to sleep." Draco didn't want to fight not after the day he had. He also thought that Hermione probably didn't have enough energy to argue with him anyways.She waited for something, hovering for a while before she decided to just dump the pillows and the blanket on the sofa and retreat back to her room.Draco woke up with his back aching, and his limbs numb. The sun was already casting light through the gaps between the curtains of the windows. He looked around remembering where he was and cursing Hermione at how uncomfortable her sofa was. He suddenly wished he dragged them to his hotel room instead of allowing Hermione to bring him to her flat.Draco tried to stand up to stop the pain forming on his shoulders. Standing up though caused him to crash into a few boxes he didn't even know was there. Some of Hermione's stuff started tumbling out.Draco exhaled in annoyance, picking up the things that fell out, and putting them back inside the box.Now that it was morning, Draco looked around the flat. He noted that Hermione had more things in a box than out of it. He clenched his fist to stop him from unpacking her things himself. Draco hated disorder and Hermione's flat was a mess.He sat back on the couch, waiting for Hermione to wake up just so he can get out of the flat as soon as he can.Half an hour later and with no signs that she was waking up soon, Draco decided to start working instead. He needed to write down all he needed to discuss with his investor. If only he can find a quill and parchment in this mess.Surely, Hermione would have some lying around. She is Hermione Granger after all, he thought.Draco realized though that to find a quill and parchment he needed to go through the mess that was Hermione's things and that meant cleaning and organizing everything out. Sighing, Draco picked up the first box and started organizing the flat the way he wanted it to look. He snickered already thinking of what Hermione's reaction will be when she sees her flat.Hermione woke up to loud noises outside her bedroom. She heard something scraping across the floor, grunts, and cursing, and a lot of other noises she couldn't really describe.It felt like she was being robbed.Perfect. Just as she was moving in.She grabbed her wand from her bedside table and carefully walked out of her bedroom.What she saw though, was not a thief, but instead a disgruntled looking Draco Malfoy moving a table.He still looked good despite looking worn out. Hermione found herself thinking. She shook her head, embarrassed at the thought. Quickly trying to think of something else, she cleared her throat.Draco stopped moving the table and looked at her. Hermione, though, looked everywhere but at him and saw the state of her living and dining room. The shelf near the windows had her books already placed inside it arranged by height, size, and even color. In addition to that, she saw the sofa moved to accommodate more space for other furniture, like the table Draco was moving.The dining room already had the table fixed in place, along with the chairs. Draco even placed a vase with a single flower inside it."Thank Merlin, you're awake Granger," Draco said."What are you doing?" she suddenly asked."Looking for a quill and parchment." She stared at him in disbelief because that wasn't what it looked like he was doing."I was looking for some in your things and managed to unpack for you," Draco explained. He didn't look guilty, sorry or shy."Well did you find any?" Hermione asked because she knew that all the parchment and quill was inside her bedroom.Draco decided to not answer."For someone who wanted to meet early, you surely did sleep in," he said, changing the topic of conversation. Hermione tried to detect annoyance already feeling sorry for sleeping in but she didn't hear any so she didn't apologize."Jet lag" she explained, walking towards the kitchen.She really couldn't complain about the state of her living room just because it looked tidier than how she imagined it would look if she had cleaned the place up herself."What?" he suddenly piped in. Hermione started explaining what jet lag is only to stop when Draco looked more confused the moment she started explaining."Nothing. Nevermind." Hermione just said.Draco looked at her as she walked towards the kitchen presumably to get something to eat. He studied her wondering what was with Hermione Granger and why she wasn't affected by whatever was happening. Draco had to admit that the only reason why he chose to ask Hermione for help was just that she was the only one who seemed to know of his existence. Asking someone who thought of him as a stranger would just raise too many questions he wasn't sure he could answer."Oh shit." Draco snickered hearing Hermione curse, completely surprised at this new side of her he didn't know about."I have to go," she suddenly said."What?" Draco suddenly felt angry. He had been waiting for her to wake up the whole morning, and suddenly she needed to leave again?Suddenly, he started regretting asking for her help in the first place."Granger! We haven't even started discussing.""I know. I'm sorry," at least she sounded sorry, Draco thought. "I have a job interview I need to go to," she explained even though Draco didn't ask."I promise tonight, I'm all yours." Hermione didn't wait for him to speak. Instead, she ran back to her bedroom, closing the door rather forcefully behind her.Draco huffed in frustration. He decided to just leave and concentrate on his work again. If Hermione really wanted to help, she'd go to him. Draco would no longer wait until she was ready.Failing to retrieve a quill and parchment, he just wrote on the wall a note to Hermione.Hermione wondered why she only heard silence. She had thought Draco would go back to decorating her flat. Wishful thinking.She should probably repay him though she felt the help he was asking from her was enough for him to do these little things for her.When she walked out of the room she saw the note.'Since you're obviously busy and have no time to think of me, (Hermione could only roll her eyes) I decided to go back to my hotel to work. If you still want to help me, please find your own way towards my hotel.'Below it Draco signed his name and the address of the hotel with his room number, which Hermione quickly took down. Hermione waved her wand at the wall to vanish the letters. It didn't vanish.What the hell did Draco Malfoy do to my wall? Hermione thought.She tried again with the same result. Looking at her watch, she saw that she only had enough time to get to her interview without being late. Glancing at her wall again, she cursed, murdering Draco in her mind for ruining her wall and decided to work removing the note later.It was only later that Hermione realized that Draco Malfoy had checked into a muggle hotel.When the Daily Prophet burned down, most of their staff also decided to change jobs. Thus, in the past months, the Daily Prophet has been looking for new people to join their team.What caught Hermione's attention was the research position the Daily Prophet listed as one of the positions they were looking for. Apparently they decided to increase their relevance and with that, they needed to release more factual articles, hence needing people to do thorough research on certain topics. A job Hermione found completely endearing."Miss Granger, it's a pleasure to meet you again." Hermione didn't hide her dismay when Rita Skeeter sauntered towards her. She thought that the fact that the Daily Prophet was looking for researchers means Rita Skeeter had no more place in the Daily Prophet. So much for hoping."Are you going to be the one interviewing me?" Hermione asked, faking a smile."Oh of course not." A voice behind them said. "Ms. Skeeter was just leaving." Hermione looked at the small man that stepped out of the back of the office towards the main landing. She heard Rita grunt in disappointment before walking away, her things floating behind her.Hermione smiled seeing as she was somewhat right after all."I am Mr. Morris. It's nice to finally meet you, Ms. Granger. I've heard so much about you." He started. Hermione hoped this wasn't a case of her getting hired just because she was famous.She really did want to prove herself."This is my daughter, Madeline." Hermione looked up to see a young girl, maybe a year or two older than her, walking down the stairs. "She'll be the one interviewing you." Mr. Morris said this with a sort of caution in his voice as if his daughter would look past her being the third of the Golden Trio and would not go easy with her.This made Hermione even more excited."Your reputation precedes you, Ms. Granger. I am glad it didn't disappoint." Hermione had finished the interview and was having tea with her new colleague.The interview was not easy, Hermione can admit. It seemed like they really wanted only the best people on board, and their interviews were a way to weed out those who fell short.Madeline, apparently impressed by Hermione, had hired her on the spot. Hermione was happy that she had managed to prove herself."The first job I have for you is regarding the case the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures is working on. I would admit though that one of the reasons I put you on this case is because of your relationship with Ronald Weasley." Madeline said once they finished getting to know each other."We've been trying to get some information for the case for months and they wouldn't give us any. We hoped your relationship could be advantageous." Madeline continued."I'll see what I can do," Hermione said because she honestly didn't know if Ron would give her anything just because they were best friends. Besides, he wasn't the only one in the department, and he wasn't the head either. If Ron didn't give her any information, it just meant that it wasn't his information to share."You don't have to act like a spy, Hermione. This isn't an espionage. It would be a lot better of course that they'll know your purpose." Hermione sighed in relief. She had already started planning on how to subtly draw the information out from Ron.There was a knock on the door and Mr. Morris peered inside Madeline's office to say that the next interviewee had already arrived. ."I guess that's my cue to leave," Hermione said, gathering her things and rising from her seat."You don't have to report to work every day. We understand that some positions require the person not being in but do give me a progress report by the end of the week." Madeline said. Hermione was happy she would be able to work from home. At least then she wouldn't be adjusting her time too much just to accommodate Draco and to work on this dilemma of his.She held back a laugh, not wanting Madeline to ask questions. Hermione couldn't help but find it funny that she was thinking of Draco, and what would suit him best in this situation. How oddly romantic, she thought.As she was walking out, she saw Mr. Morris talking to a rather familiar face."Granger?""Parkinson." Hermione acknowledged."Did you just finish your interview?" Pansy asked. Hermione nodded."Well, I hope to be able to work with you soon," Pansy said, extending a hand towards Hermione. She shook it; not that she wanted to, but Pansy offered her hand sort of threateningly as if Hermione needed to shake it or there would be consequences.Hermione didn't know what to feel about Pansy but she knew that she didn't feel a tad bit at ease to be working with Pansy Parkinson.Hermione dropped by this little bookstore in Diagon Alley called The Sleeping Dragon. She wanted to get a few books that could help Draco and her in dealing with whatever the former was going through.Hermione ended up checking out more than a dozen books. She took everything she saw that vaguely mentioned memory or anything relating to it.She really hoped they'd find something helpful here, at least something that could give light to whatever this was that was happening.Hermione couldn't apparate towards the hotel Draco was staying at because it was in a Muggle area, a very populated Muggle area at that, so she took a cab."Be careful of the rain, Miss." The cab driver said when she was getting out of the cab. Hermione looked up to see the sky turning gray, but it hadn't started raining yet.Hermione thanked the cab driver and told him to be careful as well before she walked towards the hotel.She had to knock twice on his door before he opened it. Draco didn't let her in at first, instead, he looked at her and at the books, bound by strings, she was carrying on both hands."You went shopping." He exclaimed. "It's for you," she said, shoving him out of the way."I didn't ask for books, Granger.""I meant it's for research. We need to know what's happening to you before we work on finding the solution." Hermione explained dropping the books on the bed and rolling her shoulders.Draco rolled his eyes because, of course, Hermione would resort to research. Not that he hadn't thought about doing the same, but the way Hermione said her plan implied like he didn't have any.Hermione looked around the hotel room once. She expected it to look the way it did because it was Draco Malfoy. Of course, he would book one of the suites."How was the interview?" Draco asked, walking towards the small desk where he was working. He cleared out his stuff placing the books she brought on top of the desk . She sat down on the bed and he sat down at the chair by the desk, opening up a book and scanning through it."It went well." Hermione didn't elaborate further. She also didn't see the point of saying she had gotten the job."I was thinking," Draco started putting the book down and getting another one. "You should work for me." He finished."What?" Hermione asked curiously.Draco repeated himself, enunciating every word clearly. Hermione rolled her eyes because she had heard him the first time. She was asking for him to clarify and not repeat himself. She heard that Draco was starting up a business but to offer her a position in whatever firm he was creating was beyond her. Why her?Draco, waiting for an answer, watched Hermione mull over his offer. He cleared his throat to catch her attention."I mean, treat this," he started gesturing to everything, the books, himself, the whole room where they were both in. "As work."Hermione finally understood. It meant the help he had asked from her suddenly became a job for her to do."Will you pay me?" Hermione asked, suddenly feeling insulted. She had wanted to help not expecting anything in return and yet Draco was here putting a price to something she was willing to offer for free."Isn't that how jobs work?" Draco said. Hermione sighed. "Fine," she answered before rushing to get a book, because she didn't know what to say. If she started to read, maybe they'd just keep quiet.They did, but the silence dragged on, grating on the air.It was awkward. It was too silent.Draco cleared his throat, unbuttoning one button from his polo shirt as if that helped in abating the tension."We should write down what we already know," Hermione said, closing the book and instead summoned a parchment and quill from her bag."There really isn't much," Draco answered."Do you think this started recently? Had you only been back to England today?" Hermione asked. She didn't care if it felt like an interview. She needed the details and the facts in order to go forward."Yes," he answered."So you probably wouldn't know if this had been happening for months.""I thought that was obvious," Draco answered."I was thinking out loud," Hermione argued."I can see that, Granger.""Has nothing happened in the past months for you to question if something was wrong." Draco found himself laughing because he's been feeling like something was wrong ever since November of last year.Then he stopped and stared at her. Hermione stopped writing to look at Draco, wondering why he hadn't answered and saw him staring. She looked away, feeling awkward."Actually there is something." Draco started. He explained about his summons and the lack of it after the new year. Draco also added the letters he had sent to his friends and family that came back unanswered."So this had been happening for months and you didn't know?" Hermione said incredulously. She stared at him again, as if asking him why it took him this long to notice something had changed."I'm sorry, Granger. I just got used to being ignored my whole life that it didn't feel much different." Draco drawled.Hermione sighed. Why did he have to make everything so complicated? She thought.She clicked her tongue and just scribbled down on her paper the months when Draco mentioned he had felt something was wrong."Okay! Now we have a timeline." Hermione said, trying to break the awkward tension. "Let's see what could've happened during those months," she added, still not looking up at him.Neither of them spoke for a few minutes, waiting for the other to start. They realized then that neither could contribute to the query. Listing everything that happened in Britain would have been the easiest thing to do but having both of them not in Britain during those months, it was harder than they thought."Let's go out." Hermione suddenly said."Now?" Draco asked, confused. "It's raining, Granger."As if only realizing that it was raining Hermione whipped her head towards the window to see that it was indeed raining.Her mind was suddenly turning as if rain was exactly what she needed.Rain."The rain!" Hermione shouted, leaping up to her feet."Yes, rain, Granger. Don't they have those in Australia?" Draco teased but Hermione ignored him.It looked like she just had a eureka moment and couldn't stop thinking. Even Draco could feel her brain working. He didn't like being out of the loop so he asked what was going on."It was raining in England during those months your letters didn't come. It must be the rain." Hermione said.Draco was about to input his thoughts but Hermione started taking her bag and her sweater. "I have to see Harry.""Granger, you're not walking out in that rain," Draco commanded."But I have to talk to Harry." She already had the door opened but Draco closed it using magic and locked it the same way."Malfoy!" Hermione said."It's raining," he said. Hermione stopped, somehow imagining that Draco sounded as if he was pleading her to stay. It was only when she looked at his frustrated face that she knew she wasn't imagining it.It occurred to her then that Draco was scared, though he was doing a good job at hiding it, masking it instead as frustration towards her stubbornness.Draco looked away from her when he saw her studying him. He didn't want her to know what he was feeling.They had only just assumed that this memory loss all of Britain had regarding his identity was probably because of the rain and he was scared that when she gets out in the rain, she'd forget him too.Right now she was the only one who remembered him, and the only one who could possibly help him."I'll stay," Hermione said. Draco, shocked, looked back at her."Harry would probably be busy right now anyway." Hermione amended, not wanting him to think that she caught on to what he was thinking. She didn't think he'd want her to know anyways.Since she decided to stay, they started planning."We're not entirely sure that everyone doesn't know you. There might still be a select few that do so we need to go out together." Hermione started explaining after he asked about what she meant with them going out."How will that answer anything?" Draco asked."The Golden Girl back after a year, alongside a mysterious boy will attract the media's attention and people will talk. We just have to find out who'll identify you." Hermione said.Draco was still unsure but he couldn't pass up an opportunity to taunt her. He snickered."Do you like calling yourself the Golden Girl?" he teased."Don't even start, Malfoy!" She demanded because she actually didn't like being called that. It just became necessary for her explanation.Hermione held his gaze commanding him never to call her the Golden Girl again. He looked away first."But I have to meet Harry in the morning." Hermione insisted."Whatever you think is best." He said, regarding the plan. Hermione eyed him curiously wondering if he had a plan of his own that he just wasn't letting her know. He didn't elaborate so Hermione didn't ask any further.They continued planning, revising little details, changing complicated ones, and removing unnecessary ones.They argued most of the time. They might have agreed on an overall plan but they differed on the execution of the little steps in between.Despite the arguing, Hermione found it oddly comforting. She had never found someone to debate with and even though Draco had fought against everything she contributed, Hermione realized she liked being around this kind of environment.. It energized her senses, and it made her think more critically. It also made her question some things she thought she was right about. It made her not only think more but also to learn.She could get used to this. Hermione thought.They finished the plan, at least most of it anyway, just as the night started growing darker.Hermione started getting sleepy.Draco noticed."Go to sleep, Granger." Hermione shook her head. "There's still so much to do." she said, tightening her grip to the book in front of her, commanding it to keep still not realizing it was probably her swaying from fatigue. Draco walked up to her, prying the book out of her hands."Go to sleep." he repeated, pushing her down on the bed and draping the blanket around her. It felt so domestic that Hermione found herself blushing. She dragged the blanket to cover her face so Draco won't see how red she is.It was in that position that she fell asleep in.There was a plate of food in front of her when she woke up but there was no Draco. Tucked under the plate though was a note, saying he needed to go somewhere and would just meet her at their designated meeting place at half an hour after 12.Hermione rolled up the paper and threw it to the rubbish bin, missing. Lazy to get up, she levitated the rolled up piece of paper and placed it inside the rubbish bin. Afterwards, she decided to eat.She was going to meet Harry around ten in the morning and though she hoped she'd be able to meet Ron too, to start her interview, or at least start persuading him for an interview, it seemed like the time wouldn't let her.Finishing her plate of food, she grabbed her things and started to make her way out, planning to go back to her flat to change. Hermione cleaned Draco's room herself not wanting the housekeeping to find something odd in the room, and also as a payment for him fixing up her flat."You sounded so urgent in the letter. Is anything the matter?" Harry asked opening the door for Hermione when she got to his house. Ginny was lounging in the living room when Hermione walked in."You don't have any work today?" Hermione asked, directing her question to Ginny."We did physical tests yesterday. But training starts in a week." Ginny answered by putting down the cup she was drinking from"I was thinking to continue unpacking your things and decorating your flat," Ginny said leaning onto the back of the sofa. "It'll be a great exercise," she added."I'm actually almost done unpacking." Hermione wasn't lying. Except for the things needed in her bedroom, Draco had managed to unpack most of her things and even finished decorating half of her flat.The only room left untouched was the other room she didn't know what to do about, and she wasn't about to give Ginny the reins in decorating that area."Oh? Got busy yesterday, have you?" Ginny asked."I had help," Hermione admitted. Ginny raised a brow, urging her to continue but Harry walked in with a tray of coffee before Hermione could continue.Ginny eyed her as if saying that the conversation wasn't over just because Harry interrupted and that they'll continue talking later."What did you want to talk about?" Harry asked sitting across the table from Ginny."I wanted to ask about the rain last year. Just curious really." Harry's eyes thinned in suspicion.Somehow he knew Hermione was hiding something and he wondered if Hermione was going to break under his stare to make her reveal exactly what she was hiding.But Hermione kept silent.Harry sighed."It started in early December until the middle of February." Harry started,"Though rain persisted it wasn't as strong as it was those three months," he added. Hermione was itching to write this all done, but she couldn't give Harry the benefit of making him right that she was hiding something.She had, though, a recorder inside her bag she bought at a store nearby Draco's hotel with the sole purpose of it helping in her line of work."Was there anything strange that happened during that?" Hermione asked."Well, the rain was strange in the first place." Harry joked. No one laughed."Nothing. criminal?" Ginny's ears perked and Harry was now leaning closer towards Hermione, obviously knowing already that there was something going on."What is this about, Hermione?" Harry asked."Just""Curious?" Harry continued for her."Nothing out of the ordinary " Harry settled, looking away from her. Hermione raised a brow, knowing far too well that Harry was hiding something."There was a break-in in the Ministry around January." Ginny piped in."Ginny!""She asked if there was something criminal that happened. I was only answering." Ginny said almost guiltily."It's not related," Harry explained."But can you tell me about it?" Hermione questioned because somehow she felt that it was related."The Ministry reported a theft in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. They said files were stolen but after a whole month of inspecting apparently nothing was. The case was dropped after that." Harry explained."Also the missing creatures.." Ginny said, sipping on her cup of coffee. She shrugged but didn't continue when Harry glared at her again. Hermione smiled, already planning to ask Ron about the missing creatures anyway."About the rain, was there anything strange about it? Texture, smell?" Hermione asked. Harry laughed because he had never received questions like this before."It felt like rain, Hermione. Nothing special.""Have you found what caused it?" Harry shrugged. "They said it was probably just bad luck that we got that type of weather. There really isn't anything to go by to make it a case." Harry answered.Hermione felt defeated because she really didn't learn anything much except for the break-in at the Ministry and she wasn't entirely sure it was related.She was about to take a leave an hour later when Ginny stopped her."You're not staying for lunch?" Ginny asked."I have somewhere to be in Diagon Alley." Hermione didn't tell her that she was meeting someone because that would just bring up questions and she was going to run late if she let Ginny ask them."Well, I'll go with you. I have to pick up a new broom." Ginny said instead. Hermione just nodded and they bid goodbye to Harry a few minutes later.If Hermione had assumed Ginny and she would part ways when they got to Diagon Alley, then she assumed wrong. Ginny stayed by her side and insisted to walk her to wherever she needed to be.Hermione worried about how Draco would feel to see her.Draco was already growing pissed when Hermione was running a few minutes late but he couldn't have predicted the turn in his mood when he saw the redhead Hermione was with."Well, I stop here," Hermione informed. Ginny eyed the restaurant first, then Hermione before her eyes landed on Draco. Her eyes widened in what Draco could only tell was recognition. Did she know him perhaps?"You're the boy the other day. The one Hermione was talking to." Draco didn't know what to feel being addressed as just 'the boy' but it didn't compare to his disappointment of not being known."Malfoy, isn't it? Hermione talked about you the other night at the pub. I wasn't able to introduce myself properly but""Ginny, I thought you had somewhere to be." Hermione interrupted.Ginny stopped. She eyed both Hermione and Draco curiously, wondering if she was getting in between something. Ginny nodded before stepping away from both of them."See you around, Mr. Malfoy," she said before sauntering away."Well, she's lovely." Draco drawled."You've met her before," Hermione stated matter-of-factly."I know. I just wondered how it felt to be in on this whole charade.""We'll find a solution." Hermione sounded unsure but she repeated it louder and firmer this time as if she was convincing herself more than anyone."You don't actually think this will work, do you?" They've been in their second restaurant because Hermione insisted they go get dessert.Hermione actually knew that her plan was working because she heard the click of cameras and the whispers being passed around about who Hermione Granger was spending her Saturday lunch with. She didn't tell Draco this, not wanting him to blow their cover."Just eat, Malfoy." She said shoving the bowl of fruits towards him.He dug in, just glad there was something he could distract himself with.After eating, they decided to tour Diagon Alley. Hermione hadn't been there a year and was excited to see the new things they had to offer. They didn't lock arms, or hold hands or pretend they were something they're not. Instead, they walked and talked beside each other, walking at the same speed, not one step ahead of the other.It felt normal, somehow. Hermione thought about how this could be something she could see herself doing. Maybe not entirely with Draco Malfoy but with someone. She was starting to look forward to that one day. But today, she would admit it was a nice feeling even if Draco was a less impressive company.He commented on everything at every turn, as if always finding something to complain about. He clicked his teeth, rolled his eyes, and if Hermione had asked him for a galleon every time he snickered, she would have been able to pay her first-month rent at the end of the day."Oh come on, Malfoy! Admit that the fresh air did you well." Hermione insisted.Draco rolled his eyes, again."There wasn't any fresh air, only fumes. I would die if I stay a minute more." Draco complained.Hermione just smiled at his childish behavior."Do you want us to go then? And start researching?" Hermione prodded.Before Draco could answer though, they heard someone walk up behind them clearing their throat."I told you it was Hermione Granger, Theo." Hermione felt Draco tense beside her when they looked back and saw who it was."I knew who she was. She isn't a celebrity to me, Greengrass." Hermione recognized the woman Theo was with but couldn't actually pinpoint her name. It was lodged in her throat, stuck there unsaid. As if she only heard it once and never decided to try saying it herself."Daphne." Draco coughed behind her apparently seeing her confused look."Well, it was just nice to see her again," Daphne said, relocking her arms with Theo Nott.Hermione didn't know what to say, or if they should say anything. She wasn't even sure if it was the right choice to turn around and greet them because right now, they were just talking as if Hermione and Draco weren't there. It felt like being a celebrity when people gossip about you pretending you weren't close enough to hear it.Daphne must have felt the awkward air because she cleared her throat trying to break through it."I'm sorry. My sister, Astoria, (Draco stiffened again, Hermione noted) started telling us that she saw Hermione Granger walk past the window with a very handsome guy beside him." Daphne said eyeing Draco carefully.There wasn't familiarity in that stare, Hermione could tell."Theo here suddenly said he knew you" she was addressing Draco now, "And Astoria could only squeal, wanting us to find out if you two," pointing at Draco and Hermione, "are together," Daphne added.Neither of them spoke."Well, I wanted to be the one to harass you because Astoria can be.." Daphne carefully picked her next words, "quite a lot." she settled."You know him," Hermione asked Theo as if Daphne's word were just settling in and she was just now understanding it."He came to the company two days ago, looking for a business deal." Hermione sighed in disappointment and saw Draco cock an eyebrow, probably thinking that that wasn't the reason he was there."Well, we're not together," Hermione answered. "He's a friend from France, visiting." She lied. "And we really must go now." Hermione abruptly said, somehow hating Draco for not saying anything."Well, of course. See you at work, then?" Daphne said. Hermione stopped and stared at her. Daphne stared back as if confused why Hermione was confused but decided to laugh it out. "I guess Pansy didn't tell you. She's working on a piece about the Nott Potions. I was supposed to drop by the Daily Prophet tomorrow for an interview." Daphne explained. "I am the assistant director of Theo."Hermione wanted to say that she looked like anything but an assistant director to Theo Nott but it didn't feel like it was the right time or place or that she was the right person to be pointing business etiquettes to Daphne Greengrass.Hermione just nodded, offering her well-wishes.Theo and Daphne were the first to walk away when Draco and Hermione said goodbye."The Daily Prophet? How lousy can you get?" Draco suddenly said when he stormed into her flat.Why did we end up here? Hermione thought."They're restarting! With better staff. Trying to gain a reputation as a reputable newspaper company!" Hermione tried defending her current workplace. It felt like it was suddenly her responsibility to do it."They're still bad publicity," Hermione didn't understand why this seemed like such a big deal to Draco."They had one bad writer and she's gone now," she said, repeating what she'd been saying since earlier that evening about Rita Skeeter."Yes and took Parkinson in. Replace one bad writer with another. You should've known when they took in Pansy that they won't actually care about the stories they tell." Draco said."I was done with my interview when she came. I couldn't have known. Besides, you can't judge a whole organization just because you think there's a rotten apple in the bunch.""When you put a rotten apple in a basket full of good ones, all of them will rot.""Well then maybe Pansy had proven herself reliable." It felt foreign to Hermione, that she would be the one defending Pansy, but it felt like she had to. "Why are you so against Pansy Parkinson anyways?""I don't trust her," Draco admitted and Hermione didn't ask because if she did, then maybe Draco won't tell her and they'll be in a screaming match again or he'd tell her, and she'll uncover the deep layers of insecurities and secret he has hidden away. She wasn't sure she was ready for that.She laughed though because Draco Malfoy not trusting Pansy Parkinson was something she thought she'd never witness."Ironic." she let out, finding herself laughing again.She heard Draco snicker, but not because he was amused. He was pissed. At her."You must enjoy it, huh? Finding me contradicting myself because you would never have thought Draco Malfoy can question himself."She didn't. Never did she imagine that Draco Malfoy would go against what he believed in, or who he believed in. Hermione thought she'd live through life knowing Draco would only see her as one thing: a mudblood not worthy of the position given to her.She pretended she didn't hear him, and instead tried to change the direction of the conversation."When I promised to help you, I didn't give you permission to pry in my life," Hermione said, asking herself why they were fighting over her job in the first place.Draco glared at her and huffed in frustration."You know what, I don't even know why I asked for your help because you haven't even done anything to help me." Draco argued.Hermione stared at him, wide-eyed, mouth hung open in disbelief. "Then what the hell do you call today?" Hermione demanded."I don't know. Probably just your selfishness wanting to not be seen alone in the public. You know, Granger, if you wanted to use me to drag your name up in the social ladder, then you shouldn't have bothered." Draco fought, "You should know that my name only means something if people actually remember who I was."Hermione wanted to curse. How low did Draco Malfoy think of her?"And you're not doing anything to make anyone remember." Draco huffed in frustration.Hermione hated how suddenly this became her fault as if she was the one who dumped a potion onto the whole Great Britain to make them forget Draco Malfoy."I'm not the only one not doing anything, Malfoy! Maybe you should stop whining and do something too!" Hermione shouted back."If they told me this is what it's like to get Hermione Granger's help then I would've found someone else."Hermione didn't say anything. No one really asked her help for anything this serious. They only asked her answers about situations people assumed she would've read about already. Maybe that's why she accepted this because it was a challenge and she liked challenges, especially if it required her to think outside the books.She was just as frustrated that neither she nor Draco could find anything about this and she's getting more frustrated that Draco was already doubting her even before she was able to really show him what she's capable of.She hated it.Draco, meanwhile, hated the silence."Merlin, you're useless. I shouldn't have expected much," he said and Hermione felt the words pierce through her heart, him holding the hammer to nail it deeper for her to feel the pain more clearly.Maybe that was it. She wanted to prove herself to Draco Malfoy, the person who only ever saw her as someone less than himself. Hermione had wanted to show Draco that she wasn't the woman he thought she was.She wasn't useless.Hearing those words made her angry because she had been trying. If only Draco would let go of his ego and actually let her work on finding a solution.Instead, here he was, pressuring her with his expectations of her and grinding his disappointment in her hands too soon for her to even lift a finger."Then leave." she found herself saying."What?" he asked, surprised."If you're so insistent proving to me that I'm not worthy to find a solution to this problem of yours, then leave. I don't want to hear another word from you. " Hermione explained.So he didn't say anything. Instead, he released a scoff, glared at her for the last time, and stormed out.Hermione didn't hear from Draco again.A/NThank you for everyone who thought this was worthy enough to read. Your reviews and kudos just keeps me going. There would be a few original characters here or characters that were only mentioned once in the book that I decided to give some importance in this story. I hope it won't be too much of a bother.

September 2001What happened a few weeks ago took over Hermione's thoughts. She wanted to apologize but was too stubborn. Besides, it wasn't her fault anyway, right?To distract herself, Hermione focused on her work for the Daily Prophet. If Draco would be petty about all this, or if he indeed decided to find someone else to help him, then she'll focus on what she needed to do.Which now was the article of the missing magical creatures."I'm sorry Ron couldn't have been much of a help to you. Though there is nothing much I can tell you either." Sue Weasley nee Li said as she led Hermione around the magical creatures sanctuary.Sue was a magizoologist.She had met Ron while he was still training in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures and had frequented the sanctuary Sue was working in. It was in the sanctuary that they met, eventually marrying about six months later and her getting pregnant a few months after that. Though Hermione thought it had all happened too quickly, she wasn't about to deny the magic that true love had.Her parents often said that if love was true, and you were meant to be together, you'd know in just a second; maybe that's how Ron and Sue felt as if they just knew right when they met each other that they'll spend forever together.Hermione often wondered when she'll have that moment. It didn't matter if that would happen tomorrow or in a few years from now. What mattered was that she was happy where she was now."You alright, Hermione?" Hermione noticed Sue looking at her curiously.Hermione nodded and answered, "Yes. I was just thinking." "Happy thoughts, I suppose? You were smiling." Sue asked."Sort of?" Hermione said. They had arrived at a cage housing Demiguises. Hermione peered in not seeing any, though she expected not to, of course. Sue just smiled."Is this about the blonde guy?" Hermione who was caught off guard, quickly turned to Sue, not seeing the Demiguise appear and disappear in front of her."You should've seen it," Sue said apologetically as if it was her fault that Hermione didn't see the Demiguise."What blonde guy?" Hermione asked. There was only one blonde guy she knew off, or at least only one coming to mind at that moment."The one you were with the other day? It's all over Witch Weekly." Hermione gaped. The Daily Prophet hadn't given any mind to Hermione and her companions which made her think that her plan didn't work but apparently someone else was watching."Oh yes, Draco" Hermione whispered. It took her a while to notice that Sue had a wide grin on her face. Hermione realized that Sue might've thought what she just said was the answer to her previous question about who Hermione was thinking about.Hermione was about to correct her, but Sue suddenly said, "What an odd name?"Hermione chuckled because she always thought that too. Seeing as she couldn't correct Sue anymore, she just decided to change the topic of the conversation."I didn't know you were a reader of Witch Weekly," Hermione said."I wasn't. But it was the only thing I thought to read during my pregnancy seeing as the Daily Prophet was just rebuilding after the fire." Sue explained.Hermione stopped, something clicking in her head as if Sue's words were the missing puzzle piece in this puzzle she was trying to solve. She repeated the words Sue said in her head until something finally made sense.The Daily Prophet was rebuilding after a fire.She remembered what Harry said in one of his letters, how rain sometimes occurs after fires to cleanse the air but the only thing running in Hermione's mind was what if the rain wasn't cleansing the rain but polluting it.Whatever caused the fire in the Daily Prophet caused the rain, and possibly, also causing what Draco was going through.What can evaporate in the clouds if it was hot enough? Liquid. PotionsThey were looking for a potion.".of course, the Quibbler was an alternative but it was unnaturally strange." Hermione heard Sue finish her ramblings. She felt guilty that she was too distracted to hear the rest of what Sue said but she was excited to just finally have a lead."I have to go." Hermione declared. Sue looked at Hermione, surprised."Oh. Alright." Sue responded, not knowing what else to say to her husband's best friend. It's not like Sue can keep her there anyways."You do have to visit us at home. Hugo would love to meet you." Sue remarked looking at Hermione busy fixing her stuff. "Also, I still have to give you notes about the missing creatures." Sue insisted."Of course. I'll owl you when I'm free. Thank you, Sue. You've been such a great help." Hermione said, hugging her."I" Sue said through the hug. "You're welcome?" she answered unsurely because she really didn't know how she helped. As far as she knew, she had just been rambling about her reading preferences the whole time they were talking. Was Hermione looking for something new to read?Shaking her head, Sue watched Hermione leave before walking towards the Erumpent cages to give them their lunch.Hermione was glad she found a lead but she was disappointed that she didn't have a clue where Draco was.He wouldn't be at the Manor, though Hermione didn't think she'd be able to find or get into the Malfoy Manor anyway. She wondered if he would still be at the hotel, or at least left an address there.It was a long shot but that's where she went."He checked out a week ago." The reception lady said. That was around the same time they fought, Hermione thought. "And he also didn't leave an address. I apologize." Hermione sighed, thanking the lady before she walked out of the hotel.Hermione grew frustrated. She probably should've asked Draco where he lived before he left but Hermione didn't expect he'd leave.With a grunt and nowhere else to go, she decided to go back to work.September 2001Draco was mad at himself for leaving. Now he didn't have someone to help him, and he didn't know where to start.He kept telling himself that it wasn't his fault. Hermione asked him to leave, so he did. What else was he supposed to do?"No! This is your fault, Draco," he said out loud in his office. Draco noticed in his peripheral that his secretary was staring at him oddly, wondering who he was fighting with. He growled, angrily, making his secretary get back to work.He was petty. He didn't want to say sorry first but Draco needed Hermione, more than he'd admit. (Not like he'd admit to anything.)Two weeks later, books scattered all over his office, he suddenly snapped. He threw the potions book he was reading towards the floor, finding nothing on it that helped. Miscalculating the throw, the book soared past his railings and landed on the first floor. Draco heard someone grunt in pain. He really shouldn't be throwing stuff in his office when he had no walls. Draco started picking up the books he had thrown a few minutes ago when he heard rushed footsteps on the stairs. The door opened and his secretary, Louis Prouvaire peered in."You dropped your book, sir." He said still massaging the top of his head. Draco sighed and pointed at his table, telling his secretary to put it there."I'm sorry about that," Draco uttered. Louis nodded. He turned around planning to leave but turned back around. "Could I offer a piece of advice, sir?" he asked.Draco, now leaning on his table, nodded."Well" Louis started. He looked away from Draco's piercing gaze feeling it easier to tell him what he was going to say if he wasn't staring directly at his boss, "I heard talking was a very efficient way of resolving conflict. I mean throwing all of these books probably does help for a while but in the long-run talking is best," Louis said. He kept his hands interlocked behind him and he can already feel his palms sweating because Draco was still just staring at him."Don't you have a report to pass, Prouvaire?" Draco said instead. Wide-eyed, he scrambled towards the door saying that he'll have it on Draco's desk before the end of the day.He finally conceded that he did need Hermione's help. Maybe it was because of his conscience, or the fact that even his staff was noticing that everything was not fine.Draco started wondering whether or not Hermione had looked for him the two weeks after he left. Was she still looking for him? Did she continue working on finding a solution to his problem or did his problem leave her attention when he did?Draco didn't know why Hermione had suddenly become a big deal. He just wanted her help, right?It was frustrating - the fact that she was becoming so.. important.Draco was always able to make things work without her before, why did now seem to be different?Draco calmed himself, smoothing down his tie and patting down his hair. He needed help, and right now, Hermione was the only one who could help him. Calling his assistant manager to leave him more work, and his secretary to free his schedule, he decided to go back to England.Draco found her at the Daily Prophet headquarters. He thought the headquarters would be hard to find but somehow the Daily Prophet ended up using the fire to their advantage.It seemed that they decided to use what the fire destroyed not only to change and enhance the accumulated skill of their staff but also to redecorate their office. "Redecorate", though, was an understatement.The Daily Prophet loomed over all the other buildings in Diagon Alley. Unlike before where you'd only be able to tell it was the Daily Prophet by the newspapers cluttering its front, now it had a whole nameplate hanging above the brass door. Not to mention, they foregone the brick for walls and instead changed it to glass. That saves a lot on the window cost. Draco thought.He didn't know why they needed such a large and tall office if all they were doing was writing and even allowing their staff to work from home, but he guessed rebuilding and bettering their reputation needed drastic measures.He stood beside a street lamp across the headquarters, not too near to look invasive and not too far that Hermione might miss him. He knew he could just walk in the front door and ask for her, but that seemed like a bad idea. They were still a newspaper publication; their main goal was to provide news that the general public would read about. Someone picking up the Golden Girl in her office was something interesting, something to sell, something the general public would talk about.He didn't want that for him. He didn't want that for her.As luck would have it, Hermione saw him just as she was exiting the building a little after five. She looked at him twice, even rubbing her eyes, to Draco's amusement, just to confirm it was him."Do you like the view, Granger?" Draco said as he walked towards her."Not really." She teased. Draco rolled his eyes but found himself smiling at her teasing. Before he could say anything, someone was calling Hermione from inside the building. "Granger, you-" Draco held on to Hermione's elbow and dragged her further away from the door to allow the one walking out to pass through. The person who walked out was no other than Pansy Parkinson, holding a notebook in one hand, and her coat and bag on the other.Pansy eyed Draco, curiously and maybe, though he was positive his mind was playing tricks on him, surprised. Not at him, no, but at him and Hermione together."You forgot your notebook." Pansy continued from where she was interrupted."Thank you," Hermione said, relieved."Who's this?" Pansy asked eyeing Draco from head to toe as she casually put on her coat."Just a friend," Hermione answered."I see." Pansy nodded and walked away, not even sparing them a second glance.The encounter left Draco feeling unnerved. There was something odd about it he couldn't place and it followed him towards Hermione's place."You can't possibly tell me the fire at the Daily Prophet evaporated whatever memory potion used in this, and had managed to pollute the rain?" Draco asked. Hermione and he had decided to go back to her place and talk about their theories. Hermione just finished telling his."Yes," Hermione said."How much potion did they have to brew to pollute the whole of Britain?" Draco mused.Hermione started to say something but stopped realizing she had nothing to say. Instead, she focused on Draco's question. She hadn't thought of that.Draco looked at her confused look then snickered."Then what do you have?" Hermione asked, exasperated."Well, I agree with the potion theory. You see, I was reading a book about American magical history." Draco started, "And there was a passage saying they used a thunderbird to erase a whole city's memory." Draco concluded."You've got to be kidding," Hermione answered."It's a plausible theory!" Draco argued."There hadn't been a sighting of thunderbirds anywhere." Hermione fought."Just because people didn't talk about it doesn't mean there wasn't," Draco said disregarding her thoughts on his theory. He was proud of it and wasn't about to let Hermione just throw his theory out the window.He leaned forward, telling her that she was serious about this, and said: "If my theory is right, then we can restore the memories of Britain of me the same way."Hermione scoffed, "How do you suppose we do that?" she said clicking her tongue and crossing her arms in front of her chest. "Do you happen to have a thunderbird lying around?"Hermione knew the Malfoys were rich though she also knew that maybe her knowledge of the topic wasn't even to the extent of how rich they really were. She knew they owned land, lots of them and somehow she thought, maybe even hoped, that Draco did have a thunderbird lying around at one of the Malfoy's vast lands. Even if she didn't want to admit it, having a thunderbird would solve this problem of restoring the memories of him very quickly.Draco laughed, "Of course not. Those are native in America" he answered. Hermione was about to question if his family had land in the area but was interrupted when he asked, "Don't you have a magizoologist friend you can call for all of this? What's her name, Lucy?"It took a while for Hermione to understand who he was talking about. "Luna." she corrected.Hermione wondered how Draco knew Luna was a magizoologist when she had only graduated a year ago. Draco Malfoy, it seemed to her, had been keeping tabs on people."No." she answered. "As far as I know she's traveling the world. I don't even know where she is now. Besides, you're the one who's supposed to have the connections, Malfoy.""Last time I checked, I didn't have anyone anymore.""I'm sorry." Hermione sighed. She could always ask Sue but then it felt like she'd been asking Sue for a lot of things for a while."What is it, Granger?" Draco asked."There is someone we can ask. I don't think they have a thunderbird for us to borrow at their disposal but I can ask if there were any sightings recently." Hermione said."Well, that's great then." Draco said not knowing what else to say."I'll talk to her for one favor," Hermione said. She gave him a sly smile and Draco didn't like it."I'm already paying you, Granger. What else do you want?" he asked, tired."Come with me to meet her." Draco eyed her curiously. That was a rather easy request but it seemed as if there was something she wasn't saying."Tomorrow?" Draco asked. Hermione nodded, "Tomorrow!" She said, sounding excited. Draco suddenly felt wary about her plan."Did you fail to tell me we're going to Weasley's residence or you didn't want me to know?" Draco said through gritted teeth trying not to snarl at the man who opened the door.Ron stood there, happy to see her though awkward to see Draco Malfoy."Didn't I tell you? I thought I did" Hermione feigned ignorance and walked inside the house when Ron ushered them in."Is he the one Ginny was talking about? The one you met at Gringotts." Ron whispered or tried to. Draco heard everything. Hermione, meanwhile, just nodded, "Well he does indeed look like a Malfoy. I haven't met him before, though." Ron said, answering her query at the pub if they knew a Draco Malfoy.They entered the living room. A little boy was sleeping at a cot set up in the corner. Hermione silently made her way towards him."Is this Hugo?" Hermione asked and peered in on the sleeping baby."Yes. That's also the blanket you bought for him," Ron said."I'm sorry it doesn't have any magical tricks. I just bought it in a gift shop in Australia." Hermione answered.Ron shrugged. "I'm sure babies wouldn't mind. They'd take anything given to them," he assured her.Hermione went back to Draco's side. He was watching her and Ron's interaction with fascination."I always thought you'd end up together," Draco said a little too loudly. Ron laughed."Do you know me, perhaps?" Ron suddenly asked, curious. Hermione stiffened. Draco only shrugged. "I read the papers.""I see," Ron said wiping his palms on his jeans, probably trying to extinguish the signs of nervousness. or awkwardness."Are you related to Lucius Malfoy, perhaps? I mean your resemblance is uncanny." Hermione can see Draco's knuckles go white as he gripped the cloth of his trousers a little too tight.Hermione put a reassuring hand on him to calm him down. "I heard he was a distant relative. I haven't met him " Hermione was shocked at how convincing Draco sounded. If she didn't know who he was, she would've probably believed it."I see," Ron said again. He started looking around for something to do. Fortunately, Sue arrived from the kitchen with their cup of tea."I hope you like spearmint. That was the only tea we had." Draco started to reach for the tea and Hermione could see he was about to say something. She kicked him before he could say anything rather insulting. Draco snarled at her but bit his tongue. It wasn't his fault he was too used to teasing the youngest Weasley son. Ron looked at them curiously but decided not to say anything."So what do we owe the pleasure of your visit?" Sue asked politely sitting down beside Ron."Have you" Hermione started. Now that they were at Ron's house she cursed herself for not preparing what she needed to say. It just seemed that Draco and she were too happy to finally get a lead, that they immediately rushed to the Weasley's and not thought about what they would do if they were there.This is why she didn't like not having a plan.Everyone stared at her waiting for her to continue. Draco noticed she was having a hard time saying something, so he continued the question for her."We were just wondering if there were any sightings of a thunderbird," Draco asked. "I mean, maybe in the last nine months?" he added.Sue eyed Ron knowingly. Ron shook his head, leaning forward from where he was sitting and stared at Draco."Why are you asking?Draco started to think of something but Hermione found it the best time to interrupt."We're investigating the rain." Hermione started, "It's for the Daily Prophet. You know how I decided to be a research assistant." Hermione clarified. Sue eyed her curiously. Hermione tried not to look at her. "How many projects are you handling, Hermione?" The latter asked.Hermione smiled sheepishly, "We're behind on news." She just explained."Well, there wasn't a sighting." Sue started. Ron tried to stop her from continuing but Sue stopped him from stopping her."When the rain didn't stop for a month, the Aurors assumed that maybe a thunderbird could've been let loose.""But that's impossible. Thunderbirds are very sensitive when they're away from their home." Ron interrupted."That's exactly why one might have caused the storm!" Sue argued.Hermione and Draco looked at each other awkwardly thinking if they should interfere with the couple."It had never been proven. It was assumed that if a thunderbird did cause it, it would've probably found a way home." Ron directed at them. "Right now, nothing about the rain has been answered. It's just safe to assume that it was a natural phenomenon that went wrong." He concluded as if the topic wasn't worth an afternoon of tea on. Hermione heard Draco sigh disappointingly beside her. She felt disappointed too.Because of their now mutual distrust of the rain, Draco and Hermione stayed in the Weasley residence when it started to pour. Seriously, when will this rain end? Hermione thought as she looked out of the window."Does he work for the Daily Prophet too?" Sue asked Hermione, staring at the general direction of where Draco was. Hugo woke up a few minutes after their talk about thunderbirds. Ron picked him up at the same time that an owl from the Ministry came. Sue was talking to Hermione then, and neither woman noticed Ron asking for help in taking care of Hugo. Because Draco was the only one who wasn't busy, Ron asked Draco shyly if he could watch over the baby for a while. 'A while' ended up to be almost an hour because Ron had been called to look over a matter regarding golden snidgets let loose at a muggle neighborhood. Since then, Hugo didn't leave Draco's side even if Sue had come over to take him. When Sue carried him away from Draco, the baby started to cry prompting Sue to leave him to Draco."No. He's just helping me." Hermione answered."You seemed to be spending a lot of time together," Sue asked. There was a question that lay behind that statement as if Sue was asking what they were. "We're just friends," Hermione answered. Sue just nodded, smiling knowingly. Hermione decided not to argue about, suddenly wondering when she started considering Draco as a friend.Sue decided not to ask any further. Besides, if something does happen between them, she trusted Hermione to tell her eventually. "He is good with children," Sue mentioned. Hermione looked over to where Draco was. Seeing him patiently play with Hugo made her feel things. Maybe it was because she never saw this side of Draco. He looked at peace, forgetting everything that was going around them. Draco looked pure, not wanting to corrupt the child beside him. Hermione realized that she liked this Draco.Sue watched Hermione look at Draco carefully. She might not have known Hermione for long but she did know that this wasn't a side Hermione often showed. Hermione looked at calm, a smile tugging at her lips. Draco stole a glance at them, noticing them staring. He smiled awkwardly at Hermione and Sue noticed the tint of red creeping up to Hermione's face."I better take Hugo away from him or you two will never leave," Sue said, walking towards Draco and Hugo. She thought that maybe Draco and Hermione needed their time alone and they wouldn't get it if Hugo kept hanging around Draco.They left only when Hugo had fallen asleep because Draco didn't want to let Hugo see him leave.After the rather uneventful visit, Hermione and Draco decided to call it a day and proceeded back to her flat. It was almost night time when they finished at Ron and Sue's and Hermione had found herself asking Draco to stay. Of course, Hermione would say to herself that it was only for necessities' sake. She wouldn't let Draco travel at the dead of the night. Hermione would later think that if she allowed Draco to go home when they finished, he'd be back in France before it was the dead of the night. Wanting to appease her, and somehow affirm her decision, she didn't say anything and just insisted he stay.Hermione decided to convert the other bedroom to a guest bedroom like how Ginny initially planned it to be. What Hermione didn't realize was that the only guest she'd have around was Draco Malfoy.They didn't talk about his problem or tried to find a solution during dinner. Instead, Hermione asked about his work."It's like being a curse-breaker, or an artifact hunter, whatever's more appropriate." At the mention of his work, Draco Malfoy suddenly grew shy, as if it was a project he wasn't willing to reveal just yet.But he also sounded giddy, like he had waited for someone to ask about his job - like a child asked about his new toy."When we were cleaning the Manor just after I got out of Azkaban, I was able to find so many things abandoned in some of the rooms. Old books that have been phased-out, paintings, jewelry. Mum and I decided we didn't need any of those anyway so we had a small party just to sell it." Hermione had read about that party. Rita Skeeter, who somehow managed to integrate herself as an important part in the Malfoy family as their official media representative, had gushed a little about the objects being sold, but more about Draco, or in Rita's words, 'the dashing, debonair Malfoy heir.'"I found out that so many people were looking for the objects we thought were useless in our house, and that gave me an idea." Draco continued."So you decided to raid the rich, only to give it to other rich people who would pay for it." Hermione summarized. Draco's eyes thinned, looking at Hermione scathingly, but his features soon turned soft, and instead, he laughed."That sounds like an accurate description," Draco admitted, sipping from his glass of water. (Hermione hadn't been able to buy wine, or any other drink appropriate for dinner.)"I plan on venturing out. Exploring and traveling to find other artifacts. But with the staff so little, and the resources so few." Hermione sighed knowing far too well that Draco had a massive vault of resources, but only if he could enter it. If he wasn't able to access the Malfoy vaults and splurge on his inheritance, he needed to be careful where he placed his wealth."I settle with what I have now. Besides, every big business started small once." Draco remarked somewhat proud of what he had started.Hermione found herself being proud of him too.It was almost midnight when they settled to go to sleep. Hermione felt at ease, at the fact that she was able to talk to Draco without realizing how many hours they spent on talking. If it wasn't because she felt sleepy, and Draco noticed, they would have talked until the morning."Granger?" Hermione heard as she was climbing up her bed, finished with washing up and changing.The sound of his voice was clear. How thin are these walls? She wondered."Hmm?" She sounded, hoping it was loud enough for Draco to hear."I thought you had fallen asleep," Draco said, and Hermione thought she heard quiet laughter."Well, I was about to go to sleep until you rudely interrupted," Hermione argued, pretending to be annoyed.Another laugh.Was Draco Malfoy so drunk that he laughed at everything she said? Of course, she knew he wasn't. They did only have water. Hermione heard Draco clear his throat as if embarrassed by the act of closeness he just committed."I have a proposition to you?" he said. Hermione lied down on the bed, facing the wall separating their rooms."And what is that?" Hermione asked, forcing herself to be awake."Come to France with me?" That woke her up."What?""It's " Hermione thought he sounded nervous. "I don't have a home here," Draco started carefully, "Well not currently anyways, and my work is in France," the way he stops makes Hermione think that he was deliberating on what to say. As if one wrong word could make her say no, and Draco's voice betrayed the fact that he didn't want her to say no."I know it's selfish to put you far away from your job, but we could set up my floo network to the one in Diagon Alley and it'll be easy for you to travel."Hermione started to think. There were so many reasons why she shouldn't go. She would never be available when Ginny called her for dinner, or it'd be too much hassle to keep apparating and floo-ing to different places. But somehow, those things didn't even defer her. She wanted to say yes."And I have books in my house there that maybe you can use." He was rambling, which made Hermione smile.Who knew Draco Malfoy could be so nervous?"Just think about it, alright?" Draco prematurely ended, not wanting to give himself away too much."Okay," Hermione answered. "Good night, Draco," Hermione said before she slipped into sleep.Draco didn't expect Hermione to agree fast to his offer but she did. The next morning, she made up her mind. He just assumed that maybe she was as impatient to get all this over with just so she'll no longer have to deal with him.At least, that's what he's been telling himself since.With Hermione's acceptance though came propositions of her own."Why do you have to do this?" he asked just as they were walking out of Diagon Alley's Owl Post Office."Because I have to inform everyone of me being away for a while so they don't worry," she answered. "Oh! And we have to go to the Ministry to set up your floo network with mine."Draco sighed."Also, we need to go to a locksmith." Hermione started."What for?" Draco didn't even know if he should interact with her. It felt like she was talking to herself the whole time."I need to safeguard my flat. I've only just moved in." Hermione stated."I could put up some wards?" Draco supplied. "Yes inside, but not outside. What would my tenant think? If you hadn't noticed I do live in a muggle neighborhood.""I noticed." Draco interrupted, exasperated.Hermione continued rambling all of their plans for today. This was going to be a long day."Is this all you're going to bring?" Draco asked looking at the one bag Hermione propped on the sofa. Hermione made a noise of affirmation. Draco stared at her in shock at how un-ladylike she was. He had been used to women bringing almost their whole rooms with them when they went on a vacation, but Draco assumed maybe Hermione knew how to manage with just a little.As Hermione was fixing her things, Draco looked around the flat. He hadn't seen it the day before but Draco noticed that nothing had changed the last time he was there. Hermione didn't change the way Draco decorated the flat. He would know. This layout was exactly how his house in France looked, only with fewer things compared to his. Draco also noticed the writing on the wall. He found himself smiling while looking at it."Malfoy, is my book bag there?" Hermione called out from her room but Draco didn't answer her."Malfoy?" Hermione walked out of the room and looked at what Draco was staring at. She flushed, embarrassed at first but then she scowled in annoyance. "I've been trying to remove that since you put it there. What magic did you use?" Hermione asked. Draco smirked."Just something." It wasn't exactly genius. Draco might just have put a semi-permanent sticking spell on the words so they wouldn't be removed by anyone. It will vanish.. eventually. He can also remove it but where's the fun in that."Malfoy! You either remove that writing in the wall or I will hex you." Hermione threatened.Draco shrugged, unbothered. "It adds to the charm of the place, don't you think?" Hermione glared at him as he sauntered towards the kitchen.Draco walked back to the living room a few minutes later watching Hermione double-check all of her things. "You ready?" Draco asked. She didn't answer immediately. After checking her stuff again she finally looked up and said she was. He removed two tickets from his pocket."What's that?" Hermione asked."Tickets, Granger," Draco answered."We're riding the train to France?" Hermione asked, surprised."Do you want to fly?" Draco teased causing Hermione to glare at him. Draco just smiled and took her bag from the sofa."I can carry that," Hermione said, following Draco as he walked out of the flat. "I'm sure you can," Draco remarked, not putting down the bag. He checked the wards before he stepped out of the door. Hermione meanwhile double-checked the locks. Draco shook his head. Is this how it'll be to live with a muggle-born? Draco found himself blushing at his thoughts because why would he even think of living with a muggle-born."How are we going to go to the station?" Hermione asked when they stopped in front of the building."We'll apparate," Draco answered, already looking around for an apparition spot."Oh no, Malfoy. We're already taking the train. Might as well do the whole muggle experience." Hermione said hailing a cab."I am not riding those, Granger," Draco argued."Too late." Hermione climbed in the cab. Draco, sighing, rode after her.During the whole train ride, Hermione only looked out of the window, enjoying the scenery. She released the smallest noises of adoration every time she saw vast lands in the countryside. Draco found it slightly endearing, though he only voiced out his annoyance which Hermione ignored."I can't believe you're reading! Look at the view, Malfoy." Hermione remarked."I've seen it too many times, Granger." Hermione just rolled her eyes. She wondered when Draco started traveling to France and back via train. Maybe she could ask that to him the next time they have dinner together."I don't think I'd ever get used to this," Hermione said about the view. Draco looked at her, all smiley and excited at the view in front of her and the only thing Draco thought was, maybe he can get used to this tooTo say that Hermione loved Paris was an understatement. She scoured every bit of the place when they got there, literally every bit of it. Every place her eyes landed on, she immediately noted to visit later.Draco had to remind her that they were in Paris for work and not for a vacation.Hermione argued though that she might find time to sight-see anyways.Draco took her to his workplace before she decided to wander.He was technically still on leave, but as his leave was sudden and unannounced, he needed to explain. Especially because he knew his assistant manager probably would be very. indignant."You know, Sir. I would've understood if you told me you went to England to visit your girl" His assistant manager, Dominic said, sounding very annoyed, as Draco expected. Draco was going to correct him that Hermione wasn't his girl but Dominic continued complaining."I mean to be in charge suddenly? Without warning? I am good at my job but only when I have enough preparation." Draco had heard this a lot of times before. Dominic had told him millions of times that he didn't like being notified at the last minute of him being away but Draco tended to just leave, especially if it meant rummaging through rich people's houses."Did Louis give you a hard time?" Draco asked and Draco found himself listening to Dominic ramble about what Draco's secretary had done to him the last two days.Draco mostly drowned him out, looking instead at Hermione who was staring in awe around his office. Louis, his secretary, was beside her, very happy to be touring The Hermione Granger in their humble workplace.When Draco arrived at his office, Louis had been jubilant to see him again but that wasn't compared to anything Louis felt when he saw Hermione. Draco had to calm him down, especially when he confirmed to Louis that, yes, she was Hermione Granger.Draco sent them away before Louis could start asking questions about Hermione that he was too shy to ask himself. Besides, Draco didn't even think he'd be able to answer questions about Hermione Granger."The Macmillans had us search the dungeons of one of their old family homes and we found these." Louis bragged, pointing at a set of jewelry, all encrusted with rubies."Are those real rubies?" Hermione asked. Louis nodded excitedly before explaining the whole story behind it and how excited he was when they were able to confirm the authenticity of the rubies.Draco watched them as they walked around the workplace. He designed his workplace like a museum. All the objects they weren't able to sell yet were placed in glass boxes and spread all across the bottom floor. His office was on a mezzanine, with the view of the whole place. They didn't have closed rooms, except for the conference room, just to make sure no one was stealing.Hermione and Louis were already in the second to the last row of artifacts when Draco felt his stomach grumble. He looked at the clock noticing that it was already way past lunch. How did they not realize the time?Draco cleared his throat as he approached Hermione and Louis. They looked up from the Dragon egg-shell they were observing, looking expectant."Aren't you hungry?" he asked, looking at Hermione."Oh I've already eaten, Sir, but it's nice of you to ask." Louis graciously answered. Hermione hid a grin knowing she was the one being addressed."Not you, Prouvaire," Draco growled. Louis pouted being cast aside."I am," Hermione answered sort of guiltily, looking at Louis. Louis paled. He started stringing his apologies about keeping Hermione hungry. Hermione calmed him, telling him that it was no big deal."Let's go then," Draco said, offering his arm for Hermione to take."See you later, Louis," Hermione said as they walked out of his office.They found themselves eating at a restaurant that offered every variant of pasta available, and Hermione was sure she never even heard of most of them."I didn't think Draco Malfoy would eat in a muggle restaurant," Hermione said, sipping on her iced tea."Zabini brought me here just after I got out of prison," Draco said, twirling his spaghetti noodles around his fork. He didn't look at her, and Hermione assumed it was difficult for him to talk about his friends as casually as possible when they didn't even know who he was.Hermione was going to try to change the subject when they heard someone chuckling behind them."Well, well, well" they heard someone say. Before they could see who it was, he already plopped himself down on a chair he brought himself, at their table."Blaise!" Hermione exclaimed. Blaise didn't say much but looked between her and Draco."I can't believe I see you everywhere but in Britain," Blaise said to her. Hermione laughed at the irony."I guess there's not anything interesting happening there for us to meet." Hermione supplied."Isn't there? Because Hermione Granger dating Draco Malfoy is interesting to me."Draco and Hermione eyed each other. To Blaise, it looked like they were guilty of being caught. Blaise mentioned Draco Malfoy. He knew who Draco was."You know, if you wanted it kept secret, you probably shouldn't go around Diagon Alley together," Blaise said, starting to explain about how he read about their date in Witch Weekly but neither one of them was listening to Blaise."You know who Draco is?" "You know who I am?" Hermione and Draco said at the same time.Blaise stared at them surprised. He suddenly found himself laughing hard."What do you mean I know who you are? You're Draco Malfoy! The number one git of Slytherin, and my best friend, though I didn't have much of an option." Blaise said once he finished laughing.Hermione heard Draco release the most relieved sigh she heard ever since he came to her that one stormy day."What's going on?" Blaise suddenly said registering the looks they gave him."It's a long story," Hermione said.Blaise leaned back comfortably on his chair, drinking from Hermione's glass of iced tea. "I have nowhere else to go."A/NI sort of felt a little off with my characterization of Theo and Blaise in some future chapters so updates might not be as constant as it should be in the next few weeks because I have to fix that. I'll still try to upload every week though. Thank you for those taking a liking to this fic. Your kudos and comments make my day. All of my chapters haven't been beta-ed yet so if you happen to want to help, that'll be really nice. (You can dm me on twitter dracostory) or just leave a random comment.

A/NMe, looks at my clock: "It's still Tuesday right?"I'm not proud of how I wrote this chapter but I hope it's okay enough. September 2001"You've got to be joking," Blaise said.Draco and Hermione brought Blaise directly to Draco's flat when the restaurant they were eating in started to fill with people; the noise interrupted their conversation.They started retelling the story soon after Draco wrote to his assistant manager that he would be gone for the rest of the day. When they've finished recounting everything, Blaise didn't have anything to say.Or he didn't know what to say.His instinctive response was to see if they were joking. He stared at Hermione and Draco and realized nothing in their faces indicated that they were. Blaise should've realized who he was talking to."So you're telling me that no one in Britain knows who you are?" Blaise asked Draco.Draco stayed quiet. His glum face was all Blaise needed as an answer. Hermione though, nodded."Why?" Was the next thing Blaise found himself asking."Draco does have a lot of enemies," Hermione whispered a little too loudly. Draco snickered but Blaise found himself hiding a laugh.That made him calm down. Blaise leaned back on the armchair, getting his thoughts in order. He had so many questions and none of them would be asked or answered if he kept panicking."So you're not dating?" Blaise found himself asking first. Neither answered him and instead looked at him weirdly. "No I mean, all those moments you were captured together in Diagon Alley was for research?" Blaise asked, clarifying his question. Hermione didn't leave out the fact that Draco asked for her help even though the latter begged her not to do so, and that the only thing they had been doing was research."We're not dating. I just need her help." Draco answered for both of them."And this?" Blaise asked, pointing at both of them and then started gesturing around the house obviously assuming that they were "living" together."I asked her to stay with me because transportation is expensive and time-consuming and besides, there are more books she can use here," Draco answered again."Transportation is expensive? You could have portkey-ed," Blaise supplied."I can't enter the Ministry, thus no access to legal ones." The emphasis on the legal made Hermione glare at Draco as if he would even try to portkey illegally if there was no other choice."Floo network?""To what house?""Fly then?""Wrecked my broomstick.""You could've bought another one?""I don't cater to cheap broomsticks, and right now, I can't afford to splurge.""Well, you could've asked me?""I didn't know if you knew me.""A letter would have sufficed.""Have you ever written me back, Blaise?"Hermione stood up between them realizing they have strayed from the topic of transportation already."Okay!" she said loudly, authoritative enough for both men to stop talking. "Draco takes the train to England," Hermione answered for Draco.Blaise looked at her curiously, before glancing at his friend apologetically. He did understand why Draco would be embarrassed to admit that he'd been dabbling in muggle technology but Blaise wouldn't have been surprised.Draco should have trusted him enough to know Blaise would never judge him."Why don't you both catch up?" Hermione suggested after neither men decided to speak. "I will make some tea." She said, finding a way to get out of there fast."Granger, huh?" "You've met Granger somewhere?" Blaise and Draco said in unison.Draco cleared his throat suddenly feeling embarrassed that "catching up" for them was asking about something relating to Hermione Granger."I met her in Australia when I was looking for something to eat," Blaise answered first."That's. unusual." Draco voiced out. Blaise snickered and nodded."Never even got a peek of the girl in England." Blaise said, "And ended up bumping into her in Australia."Draco found himself smiling, "So apparently she has a tendency to bump into people. I bumped into her at Gringotts.""Why her?""She was the only one who knew who I was. It seemed the most logical solution." Draco answered."You should've written to me." Blaise suddenly said. Draco clicked his tongue and looked away from Blaise."We're not exactly the type of friends who write letters to each other a lot," Draco remarked, intertwining his fingers in front of him, waiting for something. Maybe for Hermione to come back out from the kitchen."I could've helped you," Blaise said. He realized he was saying it more to him than to Draco. By looking at Draco then, Blaise realized that Draco knew that too.Blaise felt guilty for not being there for Draco. They could've solved this months ago if only he knew, if only he answered Draco's letters."If it's any consolation, I only really found out about it a month ago. You wouldn't have been able to help if we did exchange letters." Draco wasn't much for sentimentality but he thought that maybe Blaise needed the affirmation that Draco really didn't blame him for anything. " I wouldn't even have thought something was wrong if you answered my letters," Draco added in a whisper."Well now that I know and I want to help" Blaise wasn't much for sentimentality either but help is what Draco needs, and help is what Blaise can give.Hermione finally walked out of the kitchen to the relief of both men."Anything I missed?" Hermione asked. Draco and Blaise eyed each other wondering if Hermione had waited for them to finish talking before she came back. Hermione placed the tea tray on the table innocently pretending she hadn't heard anything. "You didn't have much in your pantry so this is all I can make." Hermione supplied pointing to the tea.Blaise watched them carefully. Hermione had moved from one of the small armchairs to the big sofa when she left and came back with the tea. She sat close to Draco, not too close, but close enough to at least assume that their relationship was more than what it was when they were at Hogwarts. Hermione, Blaise also noted, had shifted her whole body towards Draco when she spoke about the lack of food in Draco's pantry.Interesting. He thought.He rushed to get a cup of tea when Hermione faced him. Draco though noticed his sudden movement and eyed him curiously but Blaise shook his head to say that there was nothing he should worry about."So what are your plans?" Blaise asked, putting down his cup."Research," Hermione answered. "We don't know yet about what really is causing this. We just found out a possible way of how it was executed." Hermione added.Blaise nodded, remembering what Hermione said about the rain."Well, then, maybe we could continue researching then," Blaise suggested.So they did.They researched the whole night, not realizing that it had already passed midnight. They barely made any progress.Hermione felt tired. Her neck was aching and all she wanted to do was to sleep. She stared at the small wall clock above Draco's fireplace indicating that it was already past 3 in the morning. She looked around to see that the two men she was with were still very much invested in reading. Rubbing her eyes, she continued to look over the book she was hiding, trying to keep herself awake.She was starting a new book, stifling a yawn, when the book closed in front of her.Draco stood above her and eyed her knowingly."Go to sleep, Granger," Draco commanded. "I'll show you to your room," Draco said, helping her up in case she was too sleepy to do so. Hermione just nodded, actually happy to get out of all this reading.All this traveling is making her weak. She thought."Just unpack tomorrow," Draco said, seeing her things settled beside the door."Oh. I won't unpack.""Why not?""I just thought that now you have Blaise you won't need me anymore," Hermione admitted. She didn't want to unpack in case she got kicked out the next day."Granger," Draco started, "As much as I am thankful that Blaise remembers who I am, I'm pretty sure we'd only be able to find the solution to this with you." Draco said, also his way of saying 'I need you more than you think.'"Okay," Hermione said. Draco looked at her for a while before closing the door for her. She cleaned up, changed, and jumped onto the bed. Sleep immediately followed.Blaise ended up staying the night just because he didn't trust himself to go back to his hotel in the early hours of the morning. He promised though to find a flat nearby to rent, not wanting to intrude in whatever is happening between Draco and Hermione. But, of course, he never said that out loud.When he woke up, the house was silent. Blaise stared at the clock on top of the fireplace and saw it was only a little past nine. All of them must have slept in.He brewed himself some coffee and settled to read the Daily Prophet in the living room."The Daily Prophet is printing again?" Blaise heard someone ask. He looked up from his reading to see Draco walking out of the kitchen with his own cup of coffee in his hand."I suppose. I saw a copy by the window." Blaise said. Draco just nodded and took the book he had been reading the night before, deciding to continue looking through it."Granger's asleep still?" Draco found himself asking.Blaise shrugged his shoulder."I haven't seen her around." They decided not to check on her yet, allowing her some extra minutes of sleep.When the clock chimed at ten, Draco decided to see what's keeping his other guest. Upon opening her room, he realized no one was inside.He panicked, wondering if Hermione had left but her bags were still there, slightly touched but unmoved from its position from last night. Draco searched the room, seeing a note on the bedside table.Went out. Will be back soon. -HGDraco sighed, actually relieved Hermione hadn't left. He went back to the living room to show Blaise the note.Hermione came back a quarter after ten holding two bags of what Draco could only assume was food."What is that?" He asked to clarify his assumptions."If you want me to stay with you, you better stock up," Hermione said walking towards the kitchen."She'll make a good wife." Blaise teased. When Draco looked at him, he was turning a page of the Daily Prophet pretending he hadn't said anything. Draco rolled his eyes at him before following Hermione to the kitchen."You know you didn't need to do this," Draco said leaning on the doorframe of the kitchen."I need to eat." Hermione just answered as if telling Draco that this was all for her."Have you eaten breakfast? I could make sandwiches." Hermione asked.Draco threw his arms up, frustrated. "Granger.." he started. He wondered how to say that Hermione really didn't need to do any of this until Hermione understood that she really didn't need to do this."If you stop complaining, it wouldn't bother you as much," Hermione remarked seeing Draco so frustrated. He turned back, apparently controlling himself from complaining and headed back to the living room."We only had coffee." Hermione heard Draco say before he arrived in the living room. Hermione shook her head at the odd interaction (well at least she thinks it's odd) and just started cooking for all three of them. She was happy at least that Draco had utensils, despite not having food to cook on them.They ate quietly. Well, Hermione did. Draco had managed to talk Blaise into talking about his restaurant ventures and also what he was doing in Paris.She was biting into her toast when a small owl flew into the living room. Hermione recognized it as Pigwidgeon, Ron's owl. It was flying low as if the mail it was carrying dragged him down."That's a small owl." Blaise commented when he saw it. Hermione stood up to remove the weight from Pig  to ease the bird of its burden. It flew on Hermione's shoulder when Hermione removed the mail from his foot."Did Ron let you travel all the way from England?" Hermione asked petting the owl as comfort. She took a piece of bread from the dining room table and fed some to Pig before it eventually started to fly away."What's in the mail, Granger?" Blaise said. He and Draco had watched Hermione's interaction with the owl and Blaise noticed how easy it was for Hermione to move around the house as if she was meant to be there. He looked at Draco who was watching Hermione carefully, guardedly, like he didn't trust whatever had arrived for her.Hermione concentrated on the package, ignoring both of them. A letter was placed between the strings that held the wrapper of the package together. She saw the familiar handwriting of Ron's wife.Hermione,I am sorry to only remember that I was supposed to give you something the last time you visited. It had completely slipped my mind and I was only reminded earlier today when Hugo almost spilled the contents of his porridge on the stack of papers beside the table. Well that teaches me to not work at the dining table.Anyways, Ron had also informed me that you are in France right now for a job. I do think he had informed me before but I forgot. That means I wouldn't be able to wait for you to come here so instead, I decided to just owl my notes to you. I do hope Pig gets to you safely.Forgive me again.SueHermione shook her head at the reminder of her friend's clumsiness. For someone who felt off with strangeness, Sue was eccentric in her own way.After reading the letter, she opened the package to see Sue's messy notes about the missing creatures. And it was messy. Hermione didn't even know where to start reading."What's that?" Blaise asked as if annoyed he hadn't been answered before."Just something for work." Blaise raised an eye at Draco, mouthing 'what work?', thinking that the only work Blaise knew Hermione had was the one she was doing with Draco. Draco shook his head planning to explain later.Hermione was about to go back to eating when another owl came in. This time, Hermione recognized it as the Daily Prophet owl, only because of the logo that was stamped at the back of the envelope. She ripped the letter open and read what was written.Ms. Granger,We have filled most of the staff positions and would want to meet all of you the following Tuesday. Please reply to this mail as soon as possible as confirmation.Madeline MorrisEditor-in-Chief, The Daily ProphetShe sighed, wondering if she could actually go back to her breakfast."I can't believe Granger is getting more mail at your house than you do." Blaise said, at the same time Draco said, "I didn't realize how much I missed seeing owls fly in my living room."Hermione insisted on doing the dishes, despite Draco's own insistence that they can clean themselves with magic anyways. She won the argument and had sent both men back to the living room to continue the work they had been doing the night before.When Hermione walked out of the kitchen, he saw Blaise and Draco leaning over a book, whispering."Found anything helpful?" Draco jumped and Blaise immediately took the book when they saw Hermione approached. Hermione cocked her eyebrows curiously but neither of them offered an explanation.Blaise coughed. "It's nothing," going back to his calm demeanor and pretending that anything was ever amiss. Hermione ignored it, deciding instead to just check out the book later when neither Blaise nor Draco would be there.A few hours later, when Hermione was reaching for another book, then seeing as she read it already, did they realize that there were no more books to read. They settled with reading about potions as that was their initial theory, then continued to charms, jinxes, and spells when they found they've read all potions books. They had moved to all the other books Draco had in his flat, even if it had no correlation to what they were looking for, just to see if something comes up.Nothing.Hermione realized she wasn't the only one reaching the same conclusion. Blaise threw one book over his shoulder - the book ungracefully landing on the floor. Hermione would've chastised him but she was too frustrated to care. Draco, it seemed, was massaging his head, and reading the same page for the last quarter of an hour. Hermione noticed he never once flipped the page."This isn't working." She was the first one to break the silence, and admit the truth they were all denying."Something will work," Blaise said, sounding confident and somehow Hermione wanted to believe him. Even Draco grimaced at his friend's optimism. Thank Blaise for the only source of positivity. Hermione thought."Yes. But we don't have enough resources here." Hermione remarked glancing at Draco apologetically. Draco shrugged as if saying that she was right but not wanting to acknowledge it. If Draco gives up then there really isn't any reason they should continue.But Hermione didn't want to give up."Is it possible to go back to Hogwarts? There are more books there, maybe we can find one that helps." Hermione suggested."Malfoy Manor would have more books," Blaise said nonchalantly. Hermione sighed, knowing it wouldn't be possible to go to the Manor. Draco, meanwhile, looked at Blaise, thinking.He smirked, the kind of smirk that Hermione had noticed he always used when he had a brilliant plan that Hermione would have not thought brilliant."Then let's go to the Manor," Draco said. Hermione and Blaise looked at him curiously."You can't enter the manor." Blaise supplied as if telling Draco what he already should know."I can't but you can." Draco pointed out to Blaise. "My mother might not know who I am but she does know you.""Yes! As my mother's son. We're not close if you remove you from the equation." Blaise argued."Just tell her you need to borrow books for work," Draco suggested."I'm not going in there alone!" Blaise demanded."Well, I can't go in with you." As if by instinct both men turned to watch Hermione who had tuned out their debate when she saw a copy of the Daily Prophet near Blaise's chair.When she realized the lack of noise she looked up to see both Draco and Blaise looking at her expectantly."What?" Her ignorance made both men smile.Hermione hated she had missed something."Don't you have muggle-born repellant charms on your books?" Hermione argued. She was still looking for reasons to not go even though she knew she needed to. Because only she, possibly, would know what they're looking for."We removed it when we started selling some stuff in the house. Some muggle-borns are surprisingly rich." Draco said, causing Hermione to roll her eyes at him, and the prejudice that covered his words. He probably didn't even notice."What would Narcissa Malfoy think of me walking into your house?" Hermione asked."She wouldn't know you." Draco and Blaise said in unison.Hermione was unsure. The last time she was in the Manor, it wasn't exactly a pleasant experience. She didn't want to act cowardly but she also didn't know how she'd be able to react when she goes back to the Manor. Draco might have noticed the fear in her eyes because he walked towards her, leaning close to whisper in her ear. Blaise didn't know what had happened in the war and he didn't need to know now."Are you uncomfortable going back to the Manor?" Draco asked, looking directly at her eyes. She looked away, not wanting to admit to anything but she nodded. Draco stayed silent trying to tell her that the Manor was safe for her now. "The library is on the other side of the house, away from the drawing-room. I don't want to be selfish, Granger but Blaise is right. The Manor might have the book we need." Hermione sighed and nodded again seemingly lost for words."You're right. We need to do this," Hermione said resigning to the inevitable. The Manor is a good place to continue their search and though she knew that Blaise is capable, he might miss something. "You can always leave if you feel too uncomfortable," Draco comforted. That made Hermione a little bit at ease. She let Draco and Blaise plan whatever they had to do in the Manor.After planning, Blaise wrote a letter to Narcissa asking if they could borrow books from her library. Hermione reminded him not to forget that they were going together. She, meanwhile, penned a response to the Daily Prophet telling them that she could make it on Tuesday's meeting."By the way, Draco, Mother wants you to check out our ancestral home in Prague. Says they're a lot of objects there are already gathering too much dust. I think she plans to make it into a hotel." Blaise said."Does she know who I am?" Draco asked."She should." Blaise answered, "I mean she's only ever lived in Italy." he added.Draco nodded. "I'd take Louis with me. Maybe we can go the day you and Granger go to the Manor." Draco said, already readying a parchment to write to his secretary about their trip to Italy.It was a little after lunch when the Malfoy family owl reached Draco's living room.The owl-eyed him curiously but dropped the letter on his lap as if it was for him. He snuggled closer to Draco as if he had missed his owner."Look at that. He knows you." Blaise said, retrieving the letter from Draco. Draco just shook his head and continued stroking the owl's feathers. It was a nice feeling, being remembered.Blaise read the letter first quietly, then read it out loud. Narcissa had agreed to Tuesday afternoon as the meeting time. "And I would gladly meet this friend of yours" Blaise read twice, louder than how he read the rest of the letters, putting emphasis on 'friend'."I have a meeting at the Daily Prophet in the morning. Maybe we can go from the Manor there." Hermione suggested. Blaise nodded.They settled on finalizing the plan, hoping that they could finally find something useful.Hermione arrived early the day she was supposed to meet the new staff of the Daily Prophet. She looked around the meeting, seeing only a few familiar faces. Apparently only Rita Skeeter and two of the oldest Daily Prophet employees had quit, the latter two decided to retire early.Even Bozo decided to stay. Pansy Parkinson got the lucky job of replacing Rita Skeeter. Hermione wondered if she'll even be better. From what Hermione heard from Hogwarts, Pansy had a fair share of gossip she spread. Hopefully, she'd grown out of that and become more.. factual.The other familiar face was Cho Chang."I would've thought you'd be playing Quidditch," Hermione said, walking towards Cho."I did. An injury forced me out of the field." Cho explained. "The mediwitches did explain that I might recover in a few years. Until then, I decided to work here as a sports correspondent." She added."Well, the Daily Prophet just earned itself a valuable player." Hermione complimented, leading them to their seats as the meeting started.They introduced themselves and their positions before Madeline started talking about morals and values of the 'new' Daily Prophet and the difference they want to make from the old one to this one. , She talked about the expectations the Daily Prophet had of everyone and lastly, they talked about progress reports. Hermione sort of felt bad not being able to tell much about the missing creatures. Madeline though looked at her sympathetically as if saying that there really wasn't much to tell about the case.When the meeting ended, Madeline scheduled another at the end of the month and eventually dismissed them."Would you want to grab some lunch, Hermione?" Cho asked while buttoning her coat."I have somewhere to be but next time, definitely," Hermione answered apologetically. Cho just nodded with a smile before walking out.Hermione was just gathering her things, hoping Blaise was already in the vicinity, when she heard someone call her name."Granger. Let's walk out together." Pansy said walking towards her. Hermione literally didn't have a choice because the exit is where they're both heading to."I know you might feel uncomfortable with me, but I do want to be friends with you now that we're co-workers." Pansy had an air about her, Hermione noticed. She held herself high, and confidently. Hermione wondered how it must feel to be able to see yourself so proudly."If that's too much for you, what about mere acquaintances?" Pansy amended."Slow steps, Pansy. Maybe one day we can form a friendship." Hermione answered, just as they walked out the door."Granger" Both Pansy and Hermione looked in the direction of the caller to see Blaise jogging towards them."Parkinson," Blaise remarked, seeing Pansy beside Hermione. He looked up at the Daily Prophet headquarters, eyes widening at the sight of the newly renovated building. "Didn't think you'd be working here. It's such a step up from your last job." Blaise started. "What was your last job again?" Blaise asked though Hermione thought that he probably already knew the answer."Oh right, nothing," Blaise answered.Hermione saw Pansy's jaw clench, and lips pressed tightly together. It looked like she wanted to say something as insulting, or more to Blaise."Zabini. Nice to see you again." Pansy said instead."Can't say the same," Blaise remarked. "You ready, Granger?"Pansy's eyebrow cocked-up."I didn't know you were friends," Pansy commented.Blaise sighed as if wanting to just leave right there and then."I heard Granger had become a researcher. I commissioned help to find a book that contains a very important transfiguration spell that I need for my job. Maybe even someone to do the spell for me." Blaise lied perfectly.He placed his hand under Hermione's elbow and started pushing her to start walking. Hermione obliged, not knowing how to integrate herself into the conversation anyway.Blaise stopped a little while away and looked back away, "You know what's the pity, Parkinson. I would've asked for your help." Hermione knew he wasn't lying."Should I ask?" Hermione said when they apparated at an apparition point near the Malfoy Manor."Something happened between our friend group and Pansy a few weeks after Draco was sentenced to a year in Azkaban. She just seemed. different." Hermione would say that when a friend acts differently you check on them and not leave them but Hermione assumed Blaise wasn't saying something else. Suddenly she felt like it wasn't her right to know so she didn't ask them further.Eventually, everything about Pansy was forgotten when Narcissa Malfoy welcomed them to her home.Hermione only met Narcissa thrice, during the Quidditch World Cup in their fourth year, at Draco's hearing, and when she was being tortured in her drawing-room. It was always from afar, and seeing her now, so near, Hermione could tell she was beautiful, older looking that she's supposed to be, but still pretty much regal. She reminded her somewhat of Pansy - stood tall, reeked confidence. Hermione knew if Narcissa Malfoy would address a whole room, she would listen even if she was the farthest from her."Ms. Granger.." Narcissa greeted. Hermione felt so intimidated at Narcissa's presence that she was only able to shake hands when Narcissa offered, not even saying a thing."Thank you for letting us borrow your books, Mrs. Malfoy." Blaise talked instead. "Of course. Get as many as you need. I need to clean out the library anyway."Narcissa led them throughout the house. Hermione shivered. She felt the memory of the drawing-room creep up to her. Hermione didn't like this house. Narcisssa though was gracious enough not to make them pass by the drawing-room as if she was uncomfortable to pass by that place too. When they entered the library though, all the fear Hermione felt was gone. This place felt like a different place, not mirroring the rest of the house Hermione had seen and she loved it.It reminded her of the Disney movie, Beauty and the Beast  one she watched as a child when the Beast showed Belle his library. The Malfoy library felt larger."In case you need help, let me know," Narcissa said, walking out and closing the door slightly behind them. Blaise muttered a thank you but Hermione continued to stare around, forgetting all about her manners."We can start anytime, Hermione," Blaise said watching Hermione gape at every book. At this, Hermione shook her head and smiled at Blaise apologetically."Right," she said, walking towards the farthest bookshelf to her right.Hermione gathered a few books that had potions or charms on the title or books that seemed to be talking about either of the two.She levitated it to the desk in the middle of the library to read later on.When both she and Blaise had scoured the whole library (taking them about two hours), they decided to look through the books in case a book would be unnecessary, and wouldn't contain anything about potions, charms, or spells anyways."Should I tell Narcissa we would be staying the night?" Blaise said sitting down on a chair in order to start reading."Are we?" Hermione asked."You can't possibly think we'd be able to finish reading this all today?" Blaise said pointing at the mountain of books. If he had an estimate of how many there were, it was probably almost half of the library.Hermione smirked at her companion. Blaise shook his head to clear it because he swore Hermione had looked like Draco whenever Draco knew something that he didn't.Hermione removed her wand and said an incantation Blaise couldn't really understand. Nothing was happening, or at least nothing Blaise could see but Hermione was concentrating on the space above the books.Around five minutes later, Hermione had separated all the books they might need and all the books they wouldn't use. She magically moved the latter back to their shelves."We're done," she said, bagging the books that they would need."What did you just do?" Blaise asked a few minutes later, finding his voice."Speed-read," Hermione answered. "I used it all the time back in Hogwarts.""Was that even allowed?" Blaise asked."What no one knows can't hurt them?" Hermione shrugged. Blaise was lost for words even when they said goodbye to Narcissa, went to her flat, and portkey-ed back to France.Draco portkey-ed towards Blaise's home in Italy where he was going to meet Blaise's mother. From there, they'll be making their way to Prague by floo.When the door opened, Draco expected to be tackled in a hug, like how Lavinia Zabini always did when she saw Draco. So he readied his best smile to let her know that he had missed seeing her but his smile fell when none of it happened."You must be, Mr. Malfoy. My son had a lot to tell me about your job." Lavinia said ushering him and Louis inside the house."You look a lot like Lucius. Did you know him?" Draco looked behind him to see Louis fidgeting with his tool kit. Thankfully it didn't seem like he heard."No," Draco answered because it was the only answer not needing too much explanation, and didn't follow up too many questions that he wasn't ready to answer.Lavinia continued speaking about Blaise, or family, or books, or whatever really. Draco didn't hear any of it because the only thing running in his mind was that Lavinia didn't know him.His mother's best friend. His godmother.It didn't make sense. Lavinia didn't live in Britain so why is her memory of him gone too?Draco started thinking throughout the trip and the only possibility that he came up with was that maybe someone visited Lavinia and gave her the potion themselves.Which means it would be someone close to him and Blaise's mother. Draco started naming everyone he knew who fit the criteria.There was Blaise, Theo, Daphne, Pansy, Greg, Tracey. Considering what was happening, the only one who knows him right now was Blaise.Draco didn't like the direction his mind was getting to. It couldn't be Blaise, right? Why would he even think about doing it?But the more Draco thought it wouldn't be him, it kept making sense that it could be him. That it must be him.Draco wondered if Blaise had gone to Australia to erase Hermione's memory too. But when he realized he had failed, realized that Hermione knew Draco, did Blaise track them down? Was Blaise here just to stop them from finding out the truth? Blaise was also good at potions.Draco hated this. Draco hated doubting his best friend but it seemed like a probable theory.He needed to talk to Blaise.When Draco got back to his flat after their trip and saw that neither Hermione nor Blaise were back, he decided to wait. Waiting meant thinking, and his thoughts had been polluted too much that he started getting angry.It's Blaise. He decided and that made him furious.Draco heard them come in a little after six. Hermione's voice drifted towards the study saying they should take the books to the living room.When he heard their footsteps right outside the door, he sprung to his feet, out the door and towards Blaise.Blaise's calm "hello" was drowned out by curses when he was shoved to the wall by an angry Draco."What the fuck are you doing?" Blaise shouted, trying to remove himself from Draco's grip. Hermione watched them first confused, and then when she realized what was happening she tried to stop them.Draco glared at her, and ready, and pointed at her. Hermione was scared. She never saw this side of Draco. Even when she taunted him, he had never been this angry."What did you do?" Draco growled pointing his wand back to Blaise."What the fuck?" was the only thing Blaise said prompting Draco to pin him on the wall harder."Your mother doesn't remember me." Blaise's eyes grew wide as if this was new information. He couldn't get a word out when Draco continued to explain."That only means that someone close to her did this themselves. They deliberately made sure she didn't remember." Draco snarled. "Why did you do it?""The fuck you accusing me of? I'm helping you, Draco!" Blaise snapped."Are you?" Draco argued."Stop!" Hermione shouted. Draco's grip on Blaise loosened."Please, just stop." Hermione pleaded. She sounded more tired than worried about either of them."It's not him," Hermione said."How do you know?" Draco asked, turning to her. She actually didn't have any proof that Blaise didn't do it, but it felt too far-fetched to accuse Blaise. If Blaise did do it, shouldn't he just remove Hermione's memories of Draco so that Draco wouldn't have anyone to help him? It wasn't him. Hermione was sure."Just trust me," Hermione said. Draco's grip loosened more but he still held Blaise up."Why would I even gain from doing this to you, Malfoy?" Blaise shouted, sounding pissed."Why don't we calm down, let go of each other and explain ourselves?" Hermione suggested. Both Blaise and Draco stared at her before Draco let go of Blaise."You make tea or coffee," Hermione said, shoving Blaise towards the kitchen. "And you talk to me!" she told Draco walking towards the study.Draco didn't actually explain his theory until Blaise came back, though he pretended Blaise wasn't there. He didn't want to repeat himself, and honestly, he didn't know how to talk to Blaise right now.After voicing out his thoughts, Hermione sighed and looked towards Blaise."It does kind of make sense." She voiced out. Blaise was too pissed to voice out that he did agree. But it did make senseNow Blaise felt guilty of being angry but he still was. He couldn't believe Draco would accuse him something like this, that he wouldn't trust him with something like this."Okay! I wouldn't know if Blaise did it or not but for now I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt." Hermione said feeling like a jury, having to decide who was innocent or not."If we end up finding out he did it, you can beat him up then " Blaise looked at Hermione exasperated. Draco, though, had a small snicker."If it helps, you can doubt me too," Hermione suggested."What can even be your reason, Granger?""I have plenty of reasons to want people to forget you, Malfoy." She remarked. Draco kept silent. He knew of course that Hermione was fully capable of doing this to him and that she probably has no good reason to help him anyways but she was helping him and that gave Draco enough reason to trust her."Now," she said, slamming her palms on the desk as she stood up, saying "You both get your priorities straight. We have work to do," as she walked out of the study leaving Blaise and Draco to mend their wounds.A/NI completely got that speed-reading thing from Return to Halloweentown. I didn't make that up. Anyways, I'm have only four chapters to write I think and this will all be over so I might make updating twice a week. Depends though when I'll finish those. 

A/NI decided to update on either Friday nights or Saturday mornings (EST) instead since classes in uni have started and I'll probably be busy on the weekdays. This is not my best chapter but I hope you like it.September 2001Hermione felt like she was back in Hogwarts during her fourth year when Harry and Ron were fighting, only now it was with Draco and Blaise. Fortunately, she didn't need to act like an owl between them because they refused to talk to each other or even send each other messages through an arbiter. Guess this is how Slytherins fought. Hermione thought. Somehow, she felt this was worse.She tried to strike a conversation between the three of them, and they would answer her but they didn't acknowledge each other. Eventually, Hermione just gave up on trying to patch them up and decided to work in silence. Besides, they probably had fights between them the years they've been friends. Maybe they had their own way of fixing things.Hermione was used to silence but the tension that filled the air somehow made too much noise in her head. She didn't like this situation. Her eyes thinned in concentration thinking of ways to make them talk to each other. She wondered if locking them into a room would make them talk, but Hermione decided against it in case they decided to just hex each other. Her thoughts were disturbed by a flutter of wings. She looked up seeing a snowy owl enter the room. Hermione blinked thinking she was seeing Hedwig but then remembered that Ginny had bought Harry a similar owl, only this one had more dark spots littering the top of it compared to Hedwig.Harry uncreatively called her Hedwig II.Hermione reached for the letter tied to its feet, stroking her feathers. She was happy for the distraction, and somehow Hedwig II's arrival eased the tension she was feeling.On the back of the envelope was Ginny's handwriting, getting messy as she scribbled Hermione's name. With a shake of the head, Hermione opened the letter. Hermione,  I know you're in France for a job (how many jobs do you have exactly? Didn't you just come back?) but we were wondering if you're still celebrating your birthday this weekend? Of course, that's a stupid question because we'll celebrate it anyways even if you don't show up.  Please do show up. It is your birthday. Please tell your (hot) employer to let you go just this once.  See you on Saturday.  Wear a dress, there's someone I want to introduce you to.  Ginny Hermione sighed when she realized she forgot about her birthday. She couldn't believe so many things were occupying her time that she forgot about her birthday.Her birthday was technically on a Wednesday, but Ginny insisted that they celebrate on a weekend just so no one can excuse "work" if ever they weren't able to come.Hermione penned a short reply that yes, she would be there.She read the letter again finding it funny that Ginny called Malfoy hot. Hermione started imagining what'll happen once Ginny's memories come back. She decided to keep the letter to show Ginny as a receipt."Malfoy," Hermione called once she tucked the letter away.Draco lifted his head slightly to acknowledge her but his eyes were still on the book he was reading.Hermione rolled her eyes deciding to continue anyways. If he didn't hear her, that'll be on him. "I have to go back to England this weekend.""Sure, Granger." He said flipping a page.She huffed, disappointed at his non-interest, and decided to go back to the book she was reading.The weekend was slowly approaching and Blaise and Draco still hadn't talked. But the road to forgiveness was progressing because Hermione had caught them passing books to each other, and exchanging nods.Progress was progress.The Friday before her birthday celebration, Hermione decided to buy a dress that Ginny insisted she wears. She, of course, didn't want to do it just because Ginny was introducing her to someone, but she also wanted to look good on her birthday, even just this once.Though Hermione didn't want to leave Blaise and Draco alone together, she wanted to do something for herself, and that meant putting the two men, and what's best for them, in the back of her mind."Are you going somewhere?" Hermione was fixing her bag and checking if she had missed anything when she heard someone speak behind her.She looked back to see Draco leaning on her bedroom door."I was going shopping. Ginny invited me to a party this weekend." Hermione explained."You're leaving this weekend?" he asked.Hermione rolled her eyes knowing that Draco would've forgotten."I did tell you about it and you've already allowed me to go " As she said this, Hermione wondered why she needed to ask for permission anyway. She stood taller than usual and huffed up her chest to let him know that she's her own woman and whether or not he approves of her leaving, she'll go anyway.Draco shrugged and just let her go. He walked back to the living room where Blaise was still busy reading.Once Hermione left, the tension in the room started to grow again. Draco and Blaise now didn't have a mediator between them. In the silence though they decided that not talking would be best, in case they tell things to each other that might not be helpful for the relationship they're trying to repair.Draco seemed fine with the silence, but Blaise was dying. He was a man of speaking, extroverted and he didn't swim well in silence. Trying to think of something to say, he cleared his throat to catch Draco's attention."It was Granger's birthday two days ago. They're celebrating tomorrow. Just in case you wanted to know." Blaise said, turning a page from the book he was reading barely looking at Draco.Draco raised a brow but put it back down quickly in order to not seem too interested."Where did you get that information?" He didn't look at Blaise but he turned a page on the book he was reading as well.It suddenly seemed like they were in the middle of a match, wherein the winner will be determined by who finished the book their reading first.They both flip a page."There was a whole page in Witch Weekly about her. Her birthday was written there.""You read Witch Weekly?" Draco asked, smirking."I dated someone working there - still sends me copies every now and then," Blaise said.Draco just nodded. "But how did you know that they were celebrating tomorrow?" Draco asked. Blaise shrugged, "Connected the dots." He answered.They lapsed back into silence,  again."I'm going out for a while," Draco said standing up. He really didn't have anywhere to go to but the silence had actually started to become annoying. Besides, he decided he needed fresh air.Blaise didn't say anything and just waited for his friend to leave.Draco wandered around Paris. At first, he thought of eating out but decided against it, feeling himself not hungry enough. He even had an impulsive thought of going to Nice to sight-see but he remembered he needed to save as much money as he could.  Who knows how long this will take.  He thought.Draco ended up wandering the wizarding community in Paris. It was like Diagon Alley, only it was larger since most wizarding families also set up their homes in the area. It was like a small city, complete with their own areas to shop in.He walked around the community twice, just walking. On the third time, he started peeking inside shops wondering if he should buy anything. Draco thought of buying Blaise food as a sort of peace offering, and Hermione..  What could he buy for Hermione? He knew Hermione actually wouldn't mind if Draco didn't buy her anything but the thought of her birthday made him want to buy her something. Deciding that it would probably not be a big blow on his finances, he went to the shopping areas to find a gift.Contrary to popular belief, Draco actually didn't know what to give women. Narcissa Malfoy was easy to buy gifts for just because she would appreciate anything given by her son. Pansy meanwhile always told him what she wanted. Daphne was happy with just journals, or quills, and Tracey, well he just bought anything for her not actually thinking if she'd like it or not.But with Hermione Draco felt that he should at least put a thought about it. Hermione, to him, feels like a person that'll be mindful of things given to her. Draco knew that she'll probably accept the gift no matter what it was but end up storing it at the back of her wardrobe once she realizes she wouldn't have any use for it. He felt a little prideful, wanting to find a gift that Hermione will actually use.Draco found himself stopping at a potions shop. It was a shop that sold ingredients, cauldrons, and whatever material you might need for brewing potions. He didn't exactly know why he particularly felt drawn to this shop but when he passed by it, he felt like he needed to check it out. Like it was calling for him.He walked the aisles eyeing everything carefully seeing if there was something Hermione would like. Of course he wouldn't really know what she would like. Draco sighed feeling like she could've started getting to know Hermione more. He tried telling himself that he did just find out it was her birthday the other day. If he had known before then maybe he would've subtly asked her what she wanted.Crossing the last aisle and not finding anything, Draco decided to leave. Just as he walked past the counter where trinkets were displayed, he stopped. There, hung from one of the display counters, were potion vials. Chains were passed between the cork of the vial, making the whole thing some sort of a pendant.Draco smirked, thinking that a pendant like this would be very helpful if you needed to carry a potion around. He started listing in his head essential potions wizards should carry around when someone started talking to him."We have other designs at the back of the counter if you'd like to see them." Draco didn't realize that the lady behind the counter had been watching him look at the vials.Draco nodded and went towards her. She pulled out a box of pendants and showed it to him.There was one with a round bottom, one with the typical cylindrical vial shape, and another with a pointed bottom. It reminded him of the vial that Professor Slughorn placed the Felix felicis back in the sixth year. Though everything in his sixth year was hazy, he remembered that day clearly."I'll take this one," Draco said pointing at the last one. The lady smiled."The pear-shaped one is the best-selling. Apparently, it's the most aesthetic." She said. Draco just smiled awkwardly not knowing how to respond.He looked around when the lady was handling his purchase. "Do you happen to have a gift box to go with that?" Draco asked. "I'd pay extra if you do," he added."Oh, is this a gift for someone? We don't usually ask for extra payment if it's a gift." The lady said. She removed a red velvet box from below the counter and started to gently place the vial inside."Do you want to attach a note too?" The lady asked. Draco didn't even think of doing that but he ended up saying yes. The lady gave him a quill and ink, and a small card to write his note on. After signing his name, he gave the note to the lady where she placed it between a ribbon that she tied around the box, bagged the purchase, and offered it to him after he had paid.Draco came home a few hours later, a bag of food on one hand for Blaise and a gift on the other, for Hermione.When Hermione woke up the next morning, she heard only silence.Blaise informed them last night that he was going to visit his mother on the weekend and Draco excused himself too, saying he needed something to do for work.After preparing for the day, and checking that all her things, including the dress that she bought, and a couple of books she decided to bring (just in case the party got boring) were all inside her bag, she decided to floo back to England early.Well, at least after she got something to eat.When she got to the kitchen, there on the table were two things: a bouquet of flowers with a note from Blaise saying happy birthday, and hoping she had a good one and a gift bag, with the name of the shop still printed on it. Hermione rolled her eyes but opened the bag to see what was inside.She looked inside to see a red velvet box. Taking the box out, she noticed a note attached to it. Hermione removed the note first and read it, 'I don't know what you'll put inside this, that's up to you but I found it incredibly useful if the situation arises.  Happy Birthday, Granger  Draco' Hermione gasped when she saw the gift. It was simple, but she also found it incredibly beautiful, and extremely useful.She didn't know yet what to put inside it but she brought all the gifts to her room, placing the flowers in a vase and casting an anti-wilt charm on it and clasping the empty vial around her neck.Before the party started, Hermione stayed at her flat and got ready. The party would be at Harry's in Grimmauld place. She intentionally came a little later than the designated time because she didn't want all attention to be on her. Thankfully that seemed to work because when she entered Grimmauld place, no one seemed to notice her."Hermione, you look gorgeous." Sue was the first one who saw her when she walked in the living room. Ginny was next and she berated Hermione for being late. She went around saying hello to everyone she saw before eventually settling back beside Ginny and Harry."Happy Birthday, Hermione," Harry said, caging Hermione into a hug."How's work?" Harry asked, leading them to the living room to sit down."It's going," Hermione said with a hint of disappointment. "I mean, there's really nothing to write about those missing creatures except that they're.." Hermione stopped, looking for an appropriate word."Missing," she continued, finding that was the only appropriate word."I'm sorry, Hermione. I would help if I did have information." Harry said. Hermione nodded because she really didn't expect much from Harry if she already didn't get much from Ron or Sue anyways. She would just write with whatever information is given to her."How's your other work though?" Ginny, who apparently was listening in to their conversation, chimed in.Hermione looked up at Ginny asking her to elaborate. "You know, the one you're doing in France." Ginny smiled suggestively. Hermione was about to answer but Teddy Lupin barged into her, holding a gift box, causing her to spill her drink."Teddy," Harry said with a voice ready to scold. Teddy looked down sheepishly and passed the gift to Hermione calmly."Nana 'Dromeda and I made this for you," Teddy said. Hermione picked up the box and placed it beside her bag, thanking Teddy as she ruffled with his hair, which she knew Teddy liked."I'll open it later, alright," Hermione said. "I just got to clean myself up," she added, standing up and heading to the direction of the bathroom. Teddy muttered a quick apology which Hermione quickly accepted.Hermione was cleaning the last stains of the wine she spilled on herself when Ginny peered in. "Are you done there? There's someone I wanted you to meet." Ginny said. Somehow Hermione wanted to excuse that there was probably somewhere in her dress that she missed but looking at Ginny, she knew she'd be dragged even if there was a whole spot in the front of her clothing. So Hermione took one last look in the mirror, before pocketing her wand, and following Ginny outside.Ginny hooked her arms around Hermione's when she walked out of the bathroom."So he's a potioneer. His recent venture is making fire-healing balms from dragon fire. Ironic I know but he explained it and I really don't remember anything about it only that it was very smart." Ginny started, "Charlie brought him around since he was stationed at the dragon sanctuary in Romania with a few other of their mates during the holidays last year, and he might have mentioned being an absolute fan of you. I promised I'd introduced you to each other when I had the chance." Ginny added."So you invited him to my birthday party without me knowing about it?" Ginny stopped at Hermione's question and tried to smile, very awkwardly, at Hermione."I sort of told him you were the one to invite him." Hermione glared at Ginny, "Well it was more like me saying that I might have mentioned him to you and that you told me you wanted to meet him," Ginny started explaining. "So I invited him to your birthday." Ginny shrugged as if it wasn't such a big deal."Okay. He's now walking towards you. His name is Alexander Haywood by the way. Goodbye, good luck." Ginny rambled as she walked away, leaving Hermione facing a complete stranger."I have a feeling Ginny hadn't told you about me." The man, Hermione assumed was Alexander, said."She might've failed to mention you until the very last minute," Hermione said.Alexander only nodded and proceeded to introduce himself, and his work. He talked a lot, but also included Hermione as much into the conversation as possible. Hermione didn't even feel him as a huge fan of hers Ginny had exaggerated him to be. She stuck beside him the whole duration of the party only because he was actually more interesting than how she expected he would be."What are you working on now?" Hermione asked. Alexander walked them towards the living room where they sat. No one was around much. Sue, though, saw her and was approaching them."Alexander, mate," Ron said, appearing behind Hermione's companion. Sue eventually got towards Hermione, sitting at the empty space beside her.. "I see Ginny has started her plan of introducing you to Alexander Haywood," Sue said."So you know him?" Hermione asked."Everybody does, and everybody knows about Ginny planning to set you up with him with the way he talked about you last Christmas," Hermione blushed, not really wanting to hear what was told about her during Christmas. The four of them continued talking throughout the night. Sue and Ron didn't leave despite Alexander clearly wanting to have some alone time with Hermione.The couple left a few minutes before midnight when Ginny announced that the party was over and the birthday girl needed to rest, to Alexander's obvious dismay. He hesitantly stood up from the seat beside Hermione, tucking in his coat on his arm."I'm sorry we weren't able to talk much," Hermione said."It's alright. I'm sure we'll find some other time. I do want to talk to you about what I'm working on right now." Alexander remarked."I'd definitely love to hear it," Hermione mentioned."I heard you were working in France," Alexander said as Hermione walked him towards the floo where there was already a queue of people lining to go home."Only for a while. There's some business I have to finish." Hermione answered."Well, I recently got moved to the Dragon Sanctuary in France. It was closer to my family." He started sounding nervous, "I wondered if we could meet someday. While you're there, maybe sight-see." Alexander asked. Sight-see. Something she had wanted to do for so long but Draco had insisted she refrain from doing because they only were there for work.Hermione agreed, seeing as the opportunity was there and she was a fool if she wouldn't take it. She scribbled Draco's home address, smiling at the thought that this would probably annoy Draco a lot. Hermione wondered why that was a thought that crossed her mind.Alexander looked at the parchment, a smile painted on his face, before pocketing it as if it was the greatest gift he had received.It hadn't even been a second before Alexander flooed away that Ginny was already jumping beside her asking for details."I'll tell you tomorrow," Hermione said, explaining that she was too tired for anything else tonight.Ginny sighed, agreeing hesitantly. She proceeded towards the kitchen where Harry was gathering the dirty dishes, leaving Hermione in the living room.Not wanting to go to sleep when Harry and Ginny were still busy cleaning, Hermione decided to read the books she brought.She was continuing on the book she had been reading the day before opening on the page she had bookmarked - page 327.The book was about potions used in the early 1900s, most potions not being used anymore.She skipped the potions she already knew about that had no correlation with memory anyways and started scanning the other potions.As she was turning the page to page 329, something caught her eye. Advena is a memory potion, that when brewed right will cause people who come in contact with it to forget memories of a certain person and alter their background as if making them a stranger, causing no one to know who they are or who they were. Hermione felt something hitch in her throat. She looked through the whole passage of the potion, the beats of her heart echoing in her head. This was it. She thought.Instinctively, she shoved the book back inside her bag remembering the page, getting her coat, and wearing it as if she was about to leave. Hermione knew she needed to go back to France as soon as possible. She wanted this discovery of hers to be known to Draco and Blaise the next minute."Hermione, don't you drink tea before bed? We only have Earl Grey and peppermint." Harry said, stepping out from the kitchen towards the hallway, overlooking the living room."Are you going anywhere?" Harry asked when he finally looked up.Hermione, who just finished buttoning her coat, nodded."There's something I need to do for work. I found an important passage and I just really need to go, Harry." Hermione said, walking past him and towards the kitchen to the floo."Hermione, are you leaving?" Ginny said bumping into Hermione on her way out of the kitchen."Yes! The party was lovely, Ginny. Thank you so much. I'll talk to you tomorrow." Before Ginny could say anything, Hermione was already shouting her address and throwing the floo powder in the flames."What was that?" Ginny asked Harry who stood beside her, watching the greens of the flame die down."I honestly don't know." Harry sighed. Ginny meanwhile walked towards the living room to continue fixing the place.As she was sorting out the couches, she bent down to retrieve something that fell."Guess what Hermione left?" she put up the box for Harry to inspect."Let's mail it tomorrow. She'll probably be too busy to notice anyway." Harry said, ascending the stairs. "Don't tell Teddy though. He might throw a tantrum if he found out Hermione left her gift." He shouted before he reached his bedroom.Blaise and Draco remained in Draco's flat Saturday night, wanting to get something done until Hermione arrived. They somehow wanted to show Hermione that they could be productive even without her.It wasn't working well."Did you know that Hermione speed reads?" Blaise asked Draco as he put down another book."Mhmm-mm" Draco answered.They were back on speaking terms though there was still awkward tension between. They weren't the type to say sorry, or accept them, so they left all apologies unsaid, hanging between them.They get it. They understood each other and knew what they wanted to say but they weren't going to talk about it. At least maybe not so soon."You knew?" Blaise asked. "Do you speed read too?""It's extremely helpful," Draco answered."So how did you know? Have you two been speed reading while I read the whole book?" Blaise asked, feeling rather offended.Draco smirked."We shared a table in the library in Hogwarts." Draco started, "We were reading for an Ancient Runes homework. It was almost curfew and she was still on her second out of five books."Blaise put down his book not bothering to take note of the page finding Draco's story far more interesting."I found this book about charms you can use to get through Hogwarts easier.""It contained speed reading?" Blaise asked.Draco nodded.He had placed his book down too, putting his quill on the page he had been reading, making himself more comfortable on the couch he was seating on."Well, I thought, it wouldn't be so bad to do one act of kindness," Blaise rolls his eyes at this. "So I left the book on the table open to the particular page talking about speed reading."Blaise hollered as if Draco just did something amazing."I never knew if she actually read it. Not until the fifth year when I saw her reading 12 books in the Quidditch stands." Draco ended.Blaise just laughed as Draco concluded his story. He was going to tease Draco about how, even in Hogwarts, he and Hermione were helping each other but then the floo sprang to life and coming through the fireplace was the same girl they were talking about.She was still wearing her dress and her coat, slightly wobbling on her heels as she arrived in Draco's living room."I found it," was the first thing she said.Blaise was the first one to look away when he realized he was staring. Draco was still staring when Blaise looked at him.Blaise kicked Draco's shin from where he sat when Hermione started rummaging through her bag."What?" Draco mouthed."Stop staring." Blaise mouthed back.As if realizing he had been staring, Draco shook his head and quickly looked away."Here," Hermione said, completely oblivious to what the other two were doing. She put the book down on the living room table, opened to the page where she saw the potion.Blaise and Draco leaned forward to read the book, while Hermione removed her coat. Draco got distracted but Blaise, noticing, directed Draco's head to the book.They started reading: Advena is a memory potion, that when brewed right will cause people who come in contact with it to forget memories of a certain person and alter their background as if making them a stranger, causing no one to know who they are or who they were. It is a very advanced potion, that needs very rare ingredients, including ingredients taken from Magical Creatures. This potion can take effect simply by inhalation, ingestion, and skin contact.  Advena was usually brewed in batches and would be sent to hospitals and pharmacies for distribution. For specificity, the last ingredient, which is any part of the person you want to forget that has their genetic makeup (e.g hair, skin, etc), is added to the manufactured batches. This will ensure that you forget only a specific person. Not adding this last ingredient will instead make the drinker of the potion forget everything.  Upon reports of extortion of the potion, the use and the production of this potion were banned during the early 1900. Anyone caught using or brewing this potion is sentenced to years in Azkaban depending on the effects it has on the people it was used on.  No known antidote is made for this potion but potioneers said that it'll be easy to create one by just reversing the effects of the ingredients of Advena. Draco immediately guessed why Hermione thought this was the potion. The fact that it could take effect simply by skin contact was already very telling. It backed up their theory about the potion being evaporated into the atmosphere and eventually polluting the rain.They read on to where the author started detailing the ingredients Ingredients:  Demiguise hair  - the most important part of the potion. Demiguise hair ensues the person being forgotten is invisible from the memory of the people who drink the potion.  Ashwinder eggs (frozen)  - coupled with Valerian root the effects of these eggs that are used for Love Potions can be reversed and instead cause someone to not feel things for the person (early prototypes of Advena had shown that though you forget a person, you can still feel something for them even if you don't know who they are.)  Erumpent Horn  - Erumpent horns are used in potions to make objects visible. Paired with sopophorous bean, this effect is countered. Instead of showing visible things, it hides what is already known (like memories)  Fwooper Feathers  - Advena used to be a potion of no color. Because it was often thought to be water, fwooper feathers were added to give color to the potion. The potion colors differ from which institute distributes it.  Valerian Root  - used to reverse the 'love' effects of Ashwinder eggs  Sopophorous Bean  - used to counter the revealing effects of the Erumpent Horn  Snowdrop  - known to make the potion stronger so that its effects won't wear off unless an antidote is used.  Key Ingredient (to be added by the user)  - a part of the person to be forgotten that contains their genetic makeup (i.e. hair, skin, nail, etc.)  The procedure on how to brew this potion had been removed by the order of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. This is to prevent certain wizards from recreating this potion. There was a footnote at the bottom that Blaise had overlooked but Draco decided to read. * The procedure is still printed in the copy of Dangerous Potions that Have Shaped History by Eloise Akram. Advena is a very strong potion. Please do not intend to recreate  ** Dangerous Potions that Have Shaped History by Eloise Akram has since been discontinued and is no longer being published. Hermione waited for Draco to finish reading before explaining herself. When he put the book down, Hermione took in a breath to get ready to explain."It wouldn't have caught my attention really if it wasn't because of the ingredients. A lot of ingredients came from creatures that went missing around August of last year, until December. The rain started around December and ended in February. The timeline fits." Hermione explained.Draco and Blaise looked at each other, somehow feeling restless. They finally had something to work on but what now? Where do they continue?"I am agreeing with Draco that this was probably someone close to him because they needed something of his to use for the potion." Hermione smiled sadly at Blaise. "Now before we start blaming each other again, I volunteer to watch over Blaise until he proves himself trustworthy.""It's not him." Draco interrupted.Blaise looked at him, shocked."I don't know how I know. But it's not him." Maybe this was Draco's way of apologizing. Blaise thought he didn't need to, he had started forgiving him anyways. Besides, if it were him, he would've assumed the same. The evidence against him was compelling.MThey stayed silent. Now that the first part of their plan was over, they suddenly didn't know what to do next.It was Blaise that voiced this concern. "What now?" He asked."Well, we need to make an antidote first," Hermione said. "Admittedly, it's easier to complete a task if there are more people working," which Hermione roughly means that they really need help, and they need people."How? If we don't know how it was brewed, we wouldn't be able to reverse it." Blaise questioned."Then we'll find the book where the procedure is written, the one written in the footnote."Blaise snatched the book again and read through the footnote he overlooked earlier.There was an uneasiness in Hermione's tone when she answered because she thought about how long it would take them to actually find the book, or if they would even find it.They looked at Draco, possibly because he might know where to find one. This was his line of work after all, and a discontinued book might be easy for him to find.Draco however was too distracted by how Hermione looked. He looked at her in her dress, but what got him to watch her and observe her was his gift hanging around her neck. She had worn it. Draco wondered if she had already put something inside it."Draco?" Blaise called out."Hmm?" he asked looking away from Hermione. He saw Hermione in his peripheral place the back of her hand on her cheek. Draco realized she had caught him staring."Do you happen to have the book? In the footnote?" Hermione asked, her voice a little strained."It's not a familiar title. I don't think I have.""We didn't see that title in the Manor either," Blaise said.All of them sighed not knowing where to start."Why don't we just sleep this off and think about it tomorrow?" Blaise suggested seeing as they would probably not get anything done for the night. Besides, having found something was enough to warrant rest.Hermione and Draco agreed, eventually retiring to their specific rooms.Draco hadn't even been able to internalize that they had a break in the case. The only thing running in his mind was how beautiful Hermione looked in her dress tonight, and how the pendant looked as beautiful on her.A/NYes. Alexander Haywood would make more appearances in this fic.

A/NThank you so much for everyone who's been following this, leaving kudos and comments. I love all of youOctober 2001They didn't have anything to go by. Two days had come and gone and neither one of them had any clue where to find a book that contained the procedures of Advena. They've scoured public libraries, bookstores (just trying their luck in case one had the book lying around), and even rich people's houses (only the people they were acquainted with at least). They came up with nothing.Draco had been staring at the footnote the whole morning trying to remember if he actually knew the book written on it.This was becoming impossible."Maybe Hogwarts has this book in the restricted section," Blaise suggested, his head already resting back on the head of the chair he was sitting on. He just finished reading a response to a letter he sent to a family his mother knew asking if they had the book they were looking for. They didn't."Just because we've graduated doesn't mean we can access the restricted section," Hermione remarked.Blaise sighed. "But we can always try. Aren't you close to McGonagall, Granger?" Hermione eyed Blaise but raised her hand in surrender."I'll owl her," she said, already retrieving a parchment and penned her letter. It wasn't so bad to try.A few moments later, the letter to McGonagall already sent out, the three of them continued shouting out plans"Maybe Slughorn has the book?" Blaise asked. "He is a potions professor,""Granger is already going to Hogwarts. Let her talk to him." Draco remarked."Am I the only one going to Hogwarts?" Hermione asked. She was sure she wasn't going to do this alone. Both Blaise and Draco shrugged as if confirming her query.She sighed looking at both of them. Hermione was doing this alone. In hindsight, she thought that maybe it was better. With her alone, she might actually get something done and fast."We need someone who is good at potions to make the antidote once we find the book," Hermione suggested.Blaise and Draco turned to her. It took her a while to realize what they were trying to say. "I mean someone who makes potions for a living." Hermione amended."Well, there is Theo?" Blaise mentioned. Draco shook his head."Won't he ask too many questions if he sees you both working on this with a man he doesn't know?" Draco explained. "We'll explain it to him briefly," Blaise argued."I just don't want to have to pretend around Theo," Draco admitted.Blaise nodded, understandingly.Hermione though was biting her lip wondering if she should bring up Alexander Haywood. Hermione remembered him once she asked about needing a potioneer. During their talk, Alexander had explained that he and her older sister, Penny had been working on potions as a job, eventually resulting in them owning a company that specializes in making potions. With Alexander's help, even without the book, they've been looking for, they might actually brew an antidote. The Haywoods were known to be good at potions."Do you know someone, Granger?" Draco asked.Hermione stammered something, still unsure of what to say."So you do?" Blaise said, raising a brow."Alexander Haywood. He's a potioneer who specializes in brewing new potions with his sister. They sometimes accept antidote requests for known potions without known antidotes." Hermione said."He lives here in France, and I'd be able to talk to him soon." She added."No," Draco said. Blaise turned to him. Draco sighed, explaining, "Theo doesn't trust him.""Theo doesn't like him, of course, he doesn't trust him," Blaise remarked. Hermione waited for them to finish arguing about Alexander Haywood. "I don't trust him too. Maybe it's better to have Theo on board.""You just told us you were uncomfortable to have Theo around,""I trust him more than this Alexander person," Draco concluded. Blaise held a remark and then turned to Hermione."How do you know this Haywood fellow?" Blaise asked, crossing his arms in front of him."Ginny introduced us to each other at my birthday party." Hermione shyly confessed. Blaise smirked. He looked at Draco who looked unamused. Draco flipped a page nonchalantly before putting it down. He crossed his fingers together and placed his head above it, thinking."Let's owl Theo," Draco said standing up. Before he got inside his study he looked back at them, especially at Hermione."No offense, Granger. But I'd rather work with someone I know," Draco said before disappearing into his study.Dear Mr. Nott, Draco started the letter. Blaise watched over his shoulder to see the progress of Theo's letter. He was afraid that Draco might change his mind.With Blaise watching over, Draco wasn't able to write anything coherent, mostly because he didn't know what to ask."Doesn't that sound too formal? It's like you don't know him." Blaise said."Well, he doesn't know me," Draco admitted in defeat."Why do you just write, Theodore Nott?" Hermione interjected."Theo doesn't like being called Theodore," Blaise remarked. Hermione sighed, as Draco continued to write the letter, wondering why in the first place they were fighting over how to address the letter anyways.Draco was able to finish the letter when Blaise was too distracted thinking of ways to address the letter. He sent it before Blaise could say anything. An answer came back almost an hour later, letting them know that Theo was available to meet them at Draco's company on Thursday afternoon.Hermione was welcomed excitedly by Professor McGonagall Thursday afternoon. Because Draco and Blaise decided to face Theo Nott alone, Hermione took the time without them to visit Hogwarts. The headmistress drawled on and on about how Hogwarts was doing - what was new in Hogwarts, and her efforts to promote house unity. She hadn't even asked Hermione why she was there in the first place. McGonagall insisted that Hermione join them for lunch first before they talk to each other. Hermione had no choice. She was hungry anyway and the food in Hogwarts was always the best to fill your stomachs with. When they got to the great hall for their afternoon meal, Professor McGonagall immediately ushered Hermione towards the professors' table. Hermione thought she would just be sitting with the Gryffindors, but McGonagall immediately waved that thought away."Nonsense, dear. You sit with us."Hermione attracted stares and whispers, more so for the fact that she was part of the golden trio. She wanted to bury herself in her robes when she kept hearing waves of adoration and whispers about trouble brewing from the four tables she passed by on the way to the professors' table. Did she attract that much trouble for them to think that? She wondered.McGonagall immediately placed Hermione between herself and Professor Slughorn. Seeing the professor on her left, Hermione immediately got to work."Professor, can I ask you a question?" Hermione said as Slughorn was scooping mash potatoes on his plate."Yes?" he said it like a question as if he was doubting himself too and Hermione didn't know whether she should ask away or not.She decided to just go with it."Well, you see, Professor. I'm working on a book about antidotes for potion with Theodore Nott." she lied. Blaise had concocted this story for Hermione in case the professors asked why she was asking about a discontinued potion's book and a dangerous potion."Who?" Professor Slughorn asked."He was in my year, a Slytherin," Hermione said. She actually didn't know how to describe Theodore Nott so that the Professor can differentiate him from the other tall, lanky, dark-haired men in Hogwarts. Come to think of it, Hermione realized how similar Theo and Harry were. They were both tall and lean, hair never in place. They even had the same green eyes. How had Hermione never noticed it before?"Oh yes, yes" the Professor continued to slur a few syllables that Hermione didn't catch. Hermione wondered if Slughorn actually remembered who Theo was or he was just pretending he did."Yes. So we're working on a potions book, " Hermione repeated. Slughorn just kept nodding."We were looking for this book. We were hoping you have it " He continued nodding.Hermione sighed."The book is Dangerous Potions and -" "Madam Sinistra, would you please pass the chicken?" Professor Slughorn interjected.Oh, for Merlin's sake. Hermione felt impatient. She hoped she dragged Blaise into this. Maybe he can get through his head of the house better than she was doing.Hermione started to think of a way to get the Professor's attention. She hoped he'd be able to get the book without mentioning the potion, but looks like it might be the only thing that catches Slughorn's attention."Do you perhaps know the Advena potion, Professor?" Professor Slughorn jumped, causing the whole table to slide forward. All the professors present stared at both of them. When Professor Slughorn started blabbering, everyone else looked away."Why are you looking for that dangerous potion, Ms. Granger?" The Professor asked."We're looking for an antidote, professor," Hermione clarified."Have you been using the potion on someone?" Slughorn eyed her, suspiciously."No, professor. We're writing a book on antidotes you see, and we wanted to include this in case someone uses it on someone," Hermione explained."I don't have it." Professor Slughorn said abruptly. At the professor's abruptness, Hermione felt that he did have it, or at least knows about the potion but doesn't want to tell her."But, professor.." Slughorn turned away from her, talking instead to the professor at his left.Draco and Blaise decided to work at Draco's company for the whole day, waiting for Theo to come that particular Thursday."Do you know what you'll say to him?" Blaise asked.Draco tried to concentrate on the paper he was holding, shaking his head. "No," he answered truthfully."Where is Granger when you need her?" Blaise remarked."She has something else to do, Blaise," Draco defended."I was just asking," Blaise argued."We can do this without her," Draco muttered."If you believe that, you wouldn't have asked her to help you in the first place," Blaise remarked.Draco didn't say anything. He knew Blaise was right. There were a lot of instances where Draco showed that he needed Hermione, and she had proven to be helpful. Draco realized he hadn't apologized to her yet that day they fought - when he left her. He told her that she hadn't been helpful, which of course was completely untrue. Hermione was helpful and had been so since the first day.Draco sighed, deciding that maybe he should tell Hermione that, just so she knows that he appreciates her.He can do that, right?"Mr. Malfoy?" Draco turned to the door to see Louis peering inside the conference room. "Theodore Nott is here," Louis said."Let him in," Draco commanded, closing the book he was reading."He's with Greengrass, sir," Louis informed them, sounding somewhat annoyed, but also scared. Draco wondered what Daphne did this time to put his secretary on edge."Which one?" Blaise asked. Draco cocked an eyebrow about why his friend would ask. They both should know that the only Greengrass Theo tags along with him for the official business was Daphne."Both of them, sir." Draco sighed. Why is Astoria everywhere?"Louis can you please entertain both Greengrass girls in the meantime. We would like to talk to Theo alone." Draco instructed. Shaking, Louis nodded and closed the door. Theo walked into the conference room a few minutes later."I'm sorry about the girls. They rather insisted they wanted to come when I said I'd be in France." Theo said, sitting down. Theo hadn't once turned to them when he entered. Instead, he went to the first empty seat he saw. He only looked at them when he sat down, and the surprised look on his face made Draco and Blaise realize that they hadn't informed Theo that Blaise would be there."Blaise?" Theo asked as if he couldn't believe what he was seeing. "I didn't know you work for Mr. Malfoy." Blaise shuddered at how Theo addressed Draco. The former stared at Draco, but Draco just instructed him to sit down. Blaise sat across from Theo while Draco remained standing at the head of the table."I'm helping him with something," Blaise just answered. Theo nodded then turned to Draco, waiting for the reason why he was there in the first place.Draco decided to be forward."We want you to brew an antidote for us," Draco said. Theo leaned towards the table, discarding his prior position of leaning back on the chair. He placed his hands in front of him, intertwined, suddenly interested."For what potion?" Theo sensed that whatever potion he was being asked to make an antidote for was probably not a potion they had encountered in Hogwarts because as far as he knew, Blaise was a better potioneer than he was."Advena," Draco answered.Theo didn't have an answer."So, what brings you here, Ms. Granger?" Professor McGonagall asked after they finished their lunch. Hermione didn't even finish her lunch. After she had accidentally set Slughorn on edge, Professor McGonagall had dragged her out of the Great Hall before she was even able to finish her chicken."I was looking for a book." Hermione started, "I'm writing a book on potion antidotes, especially for potions that don't have known antidotes. I'm working with Theodore Nott," Hermione said, keeping up with the story they created."And you want to use the library?" McGonagall assumed."Well." Hermione wondered how she'd be able to mention that the book she was looking for would probably be in the restricted section. "I don't know if the book I'm looking for would be in the General Resource Section," Hermione started."You're looking for a book in the restricted section?" McGonagall eyed her through her spectacles."I don't even know if it is there, Professor. The book had been discontinued, and it might just be anywhere in the library but I do want to check all the places." Hermione clarified. The professor nodded, walking towards one of the portraits. Hermione didn't find it familiar. It must be new."Will you please call the Head Boy for me?" McGonagall instructed the portrait. Hermione waited for whatever she needed to wait for. A few minutes later, a tall, lanky young man with blue robes entered the Headmistress' office."Mr. Akram, this is Hermione Granger." Hermione's ears perked hearing the name of the Head Boy. "She is looking for something in the Restricted Section of the library. Will you please accompany her?" The professor asked, passing him a note. It must be Hermione's permission slip to check the books in the Restricted Section. "Of course, Professor," the boy saidThe next thing Hermione knew, she was being ushered by a student out of the Headmistress office towards the library, as if she was a student again."You've caused quite a stir, Ms. Granger." The Head Boy said. "The students have already started whispering that you're probably in Hogwarts because something bad was happening and then you caused a commotion in the Great Hall." Hermione huffed. The one who caused a commotion was Slughorn. She had just wanted him to answer a few of her questions. The professor was able to answer some, but it all left her still having so many questions. If she happens to find out that Professor Slughorn did have the book, she'll raid his office herself. "I'm Jacob by the way. I forgot to introduce myself," he said. Hermione introduced herself and Jacob just laughed."I know who you are," he said. "So what is this book you're looking for?" Jacob asked. Hermione looked up at him, sighing at the fact that a Seventh Year was taller than her. She was going to tell the book title but then she remembered who she was with."Jacob." Hermione started, "Mr. Akram" she suddenly amended not wanting to act too close."Jacob is fine, Ms. Granger." Jacob Akram clarified. "Well, then you can call me Hermione," Hermione said. She'd probably never see him again anyway. Unless of course, he provided what she was looking for."Do you happen to know an Eloise Akram?" Hermione asked."That's my great, great grandmother," Jacob answered. Hermione's eyes went wide. Finally, something was going her way."Well, I'm looking for her book actually. Dangerous Potions and How they Shaped History," Hermione said. Jacob stopped in his tracks and looked at the older witch. "Those books have been discontinued. The ministry said it was too" he stopped, "dangerous," he concluded. The tone in Jacob's voice made Hermione reconsider how she approached the whole thing. The younger wizard might already be wondering what kind of things Hermione does in her free time, and how he'd be able to stop it."We're actually looking for an antidote for a potion, and the procedure of this potion is apparently only found in that book," Hermione said truthfully. Jacob regarded her warily."We do have a book," Jacob answered, crossing his arms in front of him. Hermione felt herself floating as if this were all a dream."But it's with a friend." And then she was back on the ground. "The Haywoods borrowed it about two months ago. They said they were working on something. I can write to them to ask it back.""Haywood? Do you mean Alexander Haywood?" Hermione asked."Well, Beatrice was the one who borrowed it, but Alexander is their brother." Jacob clarified."I know him," Hermione said, feeling herself float again. "Can you write me a letter though, to let me borrow it?" Hermione asked. Jacob nodded. They stopped at an alcove so Jacob can pen his letter.Finally, Hermione thought, progress."Here you go," Jacob said, rolling the parchment and handing it to Hermione after. "Thank you so much, Jacob," Hermione answered. She started walking away towards the entrance of the castle so that she could apparate away directly towards Draco's office."Ms. Granger." Jacob called suddenly, "Please be careful. Those potions are truly dangerous."Hermione decided to owl Alexander Haywood before she went back to Draco's workplace. She thought that it'll be better to borrow the book now so that she'll have something to show to Blaise and Draco.Her letter came back answered a few minutes later saying he'd meet her at a small cafe in wizarding France.Hermione found that there was an apparition point nearby the cafe and decided to directly apparate towards it.Alexander Haywood wasn't there when she arrived at the cafe. She decided to sit at a table by the window, overlooking the Seine, and peruse the menu while waiting for Alexander."Hermione!" she heard a few minutes later as she was looking at the dessert selection, her mouth watering. For someone who grew up with dentists as parents, she did love sweets too much."I'm sorry I'm late," Hermione stood to greet him, while Alexander kissed both of her cheeks, throwing her off guard."It's fine," she said, fanning herself. Why did she feel so hot?"Have you ordered?" Alexander asked."I was waiting for you," Hermione answered."Perfect. I know exactly what to order." Alexander said, taking her menu and ordering for her. She should've mentioned to him that she ate a little bit at Hogwarts to prevent him from ordering too much but the waiter had already gone before Hermione could even say anything. She supposed she should just pack the remainder of the food as take-away if there would be a remainder."What did you want to see me for?" Alexander asked, smiling at her.Though his smile was fascinating, Hermione felt awkward looking at him as if she shouldn't be looking. So she looked away and turned to look at the view outside their window before she spoke."I heard from Jacob Akram that you have in your possession a book I might need," Alexander raised his brow, prompting Hermione to continue. "It's Dangerous Potions, and How they Shaped History." Alexander looked surprised but he nodded."My sister borrowed it from Mr. Akram about a year ago. We needed it for a client," Alexander said. It was Hermione's turn to look at Alexander questioningly. Did they happen to have a hand at what's happening to Draco? If they did though, how did they know the Malfoys and what did the Malfoys do to them?"-suppose my sister can let you borrow it." She heard Alexander say. Hermione cursed herself for not listening."What was that?" she asked shyly. Alexander just smiled - that smile again - before repeating himself."I don't think my sister is using it anymore. I suppose she can let you borrow it.""That would be great. I really need that book." Hermione said."I hope you're not planning to do anything bad with whatever you read in that book, Hermione," Alexander said, eyeing her carefully as if knowing far too well how capable Hermione is."No! Definitely not," Hermione assured him."It's at home though. Would you like to come home with me after eating?" Hermione didn't miss the enticing tone Alexander added to his voice. Hermione cleared her throat, determined to only go with him to borrow a book."That'll be lovely," she said, hoping her voice indicated that she was only there for work.The Haywood residence was like paradise. Surrounding it was a large garden, and a lot of greenhouses probably housing different potion ingredients. The inside of the house also crawled with vines, as if their whole residence was just for potion-making. Hermione understood why their business was successful. and why Alexander was proud of it."The whole place was initially just somewhere we could do our work, but my eldest sister, Penny, barely came home anymore. We decided to turn the whole place into a house." Alexander explained seeing Hermione look around their house in awe."Isn't that dangerous?" Hermione asked. Alexander shook his head."The laboratories are outside at a safe distance from here." Alexander clarified. Hermione nodded."Alex, is that you?" Both Hermione and Alexander looked to the direction of the voice to see a blonde girl with a kind smile looking down at them on top of the staircase. Another girl, hair cropped and looking rather grim joined the first girl on top of the stairs. The latter didn't seem pleased to see Hermione."You're home early. I thought you had somewhere to be?" The first girl asked, walking down the stairs."Yes, but Hermione wanted to borrow a book from us." Hermione wanted to point out that the book technically wasn't theirs and she had already asked permission from the owner. At that thought, Hermione dug into her bag to get the letter Jacob wrote for her.The girl with the shorter hair observed Hermione.Hermione was frozen in place waiting for the girl to circle around her, and give her final judgment. She didn't do any of that, instead she looked at Alexander."What book?" she asked as if Hermione wasn't worth investing her time in."Dangerous Potions and How They Shaped History." Alexander recited. Both women in front of her stiffened. "That's not ours to lend, Alex." The first girl asked."She's a friend of Jacob's," Alexander said."Has Jacob given his permission?" Alexander rubbed the back of his neck as if not sure what to do. Hermione decided to jump into the conversation."I have a letter from him," Hermione said, handing the letter that Jacob Akram wrote to Hermione earlier that day. The girl with long hair read it carefully with the other girl hovering over the first girl, reading over her shoulder.Hermione should've asked who they were before they got down the stairs. She only knew that one of them was Penny Haywood and the other was Beatrice but she didn't know who was who. As the two girls read the letter, Hermione took the time to ask Alexander about her query. Alexander looked shy at first as if it was his fault in the first place for not introducing them."The one with the shorter hair is Penny." Alexander clarified. That meant that the one with the longer hair, the kinder one, was Beatrice Haywood."Very well," Beatrice said, handing the letter to Penny in case the latter needed to read it more thoroughly."Follow me," Beatrice said, walking towards somewhere.Hermione immediately followed.Hermione didn't know why but leaving the Haywood residence made her heart feel lighter. It felt like she was holding her breath the whole time she was in the company of Alexander's two sisters. Alexander bid goodbye to her slowly, as if wanting to be in her company more but Hermione was too eager to go that when Alexander finally said goodbye, she apparated out the next instance.The Haywood sisters unnerved her. It felt like she had overstepped a line when she borrowed the book, and they didn't like that. Hermione wondered what they were hiding.Hermione walked towards Draco's workplace from the apparition point, wanting to clear her head. She had the book, that's what mattered. The only thing they needed to do was to get Theo Nott on board and she hoped that Blaise and Draco were successful in doing that."No." Theo answered.Blaise huffed in frustration and Draco just passed his hands through his hair trying to calm himself."Theo, please." Blaise pleaded."Advena is a dangerous potion. What would you need an antidote for?" Theo asked. Blaise looked at Draco. He was ready to just reveal everything. Who cares if Theo would find them mental.Draco nodded at him, letting Blaise do whatever he wanted.Blaise sighed."We have found evidence that Advena is being used on someone and we just need an antidote to reverse that," Blaise explained.Theo exhaled loudly. He looked at Blaise then at Draco, his eyes suddenly widening in thought."Do I know you perhaps?" Theo asked. "Not because I met you two months ago, but am I your friend?" he clarified.Blaise and Draco stayed silent staring at each other wondering how far they'd allow Theo into this information. Theo watched them wondering if they were telepathically speaking to each other so that Theo wouldn't hear. Theo noticed the way Blaise's eyes moved though. It was the same movement Blaise used on him when they were arguing on whether or not to tell someone something. Blaise and Theo had known each other long enough for them to understand each other's quirks, eye movements, and thoughts. To Theo, it seemed, Blaise had the same connection with the other wizard in the room.Did Theo know him? Was the antidote they were asking him to brew for him?"I don't remember taking any potions though?" Theo said out loud breaking the connection between the two other wizards. They looked at Theo and Theo looked at them."I need to know what I'm doing this for," Theo said, standing up. They were all standing now, looking at each other as if in a duel."Can't you just trust us?" Blaise asked."I don't even know half of you," Theo argued.Both Draco and Blaise sighed.When Hermione entered Draco's workplace she was surprised to see Louis peering over a set of diamond-encrusted necklaces with the two Greengrass girls. It was a confirmation to Hermione that the older Greengrass definitely was more than an assistant to Theodore Nott. Though again, Hermione didn't think it was her business and she had immediately tried to think away the value of proper workplace etiquette especially when Daphne Greengrass saw her."Hermione," Daphne said striding towards her. Hermione flinched wondering when she had allowed Daphne to be so informal with her."Greengrass," Hermione addressed to show Daphne that she wasn't as comfortable with this sudden closeness."Oh, please, call me Daphne," Daphne said to the annoyance of Hermione. This wasn't what she was aiming for."Louis, where is Draco?" Hermione asked, wanting to be away from the Greengrass girls as fast as possible."He's in a meeting, Ms. Granger. I should tell them of your arrival." Louis said walking briskly away from the two sisters apparently also wanting to have a reason to be away from their company. With Louis gone though, Hermione had to endure the two alone."Is Mr. Malfoy here? I've been looking for him all day." Astoria asked her. She blinked too many unnecessary times, probably showing off her lashes. Hermione wondered if she had put magic to beautify her already beautiful face. Though Hermione thought Astoria would've looked better without all the artificial things she put on her face - that wasn't something for Hermione to judge. She tapped her foot waiting for Louis to come back.Where was Draco's secretary?"Ms. Granger," Astoria leaned closer to her, too close for comfort. "Would you please introduce me to Mr. Malfoy? I do want to meet him officially." Hermione snickered. She had heard of the Greengrass-Malfoy union. It was the only thing Astoria Greengrass talked about, in their sixth year when Astoria was in her fourth year. Apparently, it was important for everybody to know that Draco was hers because even Draco had a hard time keeping up with his betrothed."I'm sure you'll be able to get to know Mr. Malfoy soon enough." Hermione drawled. This was all Astoria needed to hear because she started jumping on her place, and then hugged Hermione, causing her to freeze in place. She wondered if Astoria knew who she was, or did the hate she used to get from the younger girl was also forgotten when Draco's memories got lost. I guess this curse does have its benefits. Hermione thought.Just then, Louis walked back towards telling Hermione that she was safe to go in the conference room."Mr. Malfoy?" The three men looked towards the open doorway to see Louis peering in again. Draco gestured for Louis to continue."Ms. Granger is here already." Draco's secretary said."Granger?" Theo asked. "Granger is in on this?""Yes," Both Blaise and Draco said. Theo huffed. With Hermione Granger, his job would be much easier. In all honesty, the only reason why he was adamant to do this was because Advena was a powerful potion. He had never tried making an antidote for such a powerful potion but he knew there were some consequences if you get it wrong. Maybe Hermione can keep him straight.Hermione walked in, not surprised to see Theo at all."I got the book," Hermione said sauntering inside "How are you both on your end of the bargain?" Hermione asked, sitting down on an empty seat. She assumed it was Draco because Draco wasn't sitting down."Our end of the bargain is being stubborn," Draco said under his breath for only Hermione and Blaise to hear. The three of them looked at Theo not saying anything wondering if three pairs of stares can make him say yes.Theo looked back, naturally. Where else will you look when someone looks at you? But the stares of the three of them made him shiver. Suddenly, Theo felt like he needed to explain his apprehension."There is a completely good reason why I'm reluctant," Theo said. Hermione leaned forward. "Is there? What could that be?" she asked. Theo gulped down.Blaise looked at Draco mouthing, "We don't need her?" Draco ignored him not wanting to answer that yes, they actually did need Hermione. More than they think."It's a dangerous potion, and there are risks," Theo answered."You may draft a contract with us detailing the possible risk, and holding us accountable for whatever complications arise. We did reach out to you because your reputation as a brilliant potioneer this past year has definitely caught our attention. We understand the difficulty and so if you'd rather not work with us, we'll just find someone else to help our cause." Draco's eyes widened at Hermione's speech. They didn't have anyone else and he'd definitely not agree to make them meet that Haywood guy. Blaise though looked at Hermione wide-eyed for some different reason. He was impressed, and it was well placed because Theo was now mulling on his seat, thinking over what Hermione said."Fine. But I do want to know the whole situation and why you asked for this specific antidote. I would like the whole truth and nothing but the truth from the three of you." Theo said."Do you want us to take an oath?" Hermione prodded. Theo thought about it for a while but then shook his head."That won't be necessary." He answered, whipping a parchment and quill from his bag."Now, about this contract."Blaise and Draco had been thrown out from the conference room after suggesting ideas for the contract that neither Theo or Hermione deemed necessary. It had been more than half an hour since. Draco found himself being clung on by Astoria, answering twenty questions about his life. Daphne and Blaise though were happily chatting ignoring Draco's pleas to remove the younger Greengrass from his person."Who is he? I've seen him around so much that it's weird that I don't know who he is?" Daphne asked eyeing Draco.Blaise bit his tongue to not reveal everything. He and Daphne had always been close and had always told everything to each other. This, though, wasn't Blaise's to talk about."He's a wizard who's been home-schooled all his life and wanted to make a name for himself in Europe. You'll see much more of him, believe me." Blaise lied. They hadn't talked about the back story they'll tell people if they ask about Draco, so Blaise just made one for himself. He would probably just tell both Hermione and Draco about it later."We might as well integrate him to our friend group seeing as we'd probably see him more often. Granger too." Daphne remarked. "She's a nice enough girl, why haven't we gotten along with her?" Blaise raised his brow. The only reason why they didn't get along with Hermione and the rest of her friends were because Draco didn't like them."She's a Gryffindor?" Blaise answered instead. That seemed to appease Daphne."Are you seeing each other? I recall you told me about your run-in with her in Australia?" Daphne asked curiously."Me and Granger? No, I'm not the one seeing her." Blaise answered."Draco then?" Daphne asked. Blaise didn't answer. He wasn't able to answer mostly because Theo and Hermione walked out of the room, announced that they've completed patching up the contract."Daphne, dear, would you please go with Astoria to my Paris home? There are still some things I have to discuss with Mr. Malfoy." Theo said. Daphne rolled her eyes but had pulled her sister away from Draco, despite the latter's argument of wanting to stay and they apparated away.The four of them decided to continue their talk at Draco's house."I need a drink," Theo said when Draco finished retelling his memories of Theo.Theo sat, staring at both Blaise and Draco wondering who was telling a lie. Of course, this should be a lie. How can he not remember anything about or even associate something with this Draco Malfoy?Hermione came back with a drink, placing it carefully in front of Theo Nott. He didn't touch it though, instead he stood up and paced."So you're telling me," he started, "That you and I," pointing at Draco and him, "Have been friends, best friends in fact for more than 10 years now?" Theo asked for clarification."Approximately ten years," Draco answered.Theo plopped back down on the chair, drowning the drink in front of him."This is impossible," Theo muttered."You tell us. You seem to know about this potion more than any of us." Blaise said, sitting down across Theo at what he now dubbed was his chair. Hermione sat on the big sofa, beside Draco since Theo had taken her chair."Advena." Theo ruminated with the name of the potion as if trying to remember what he does know about it."We had a potions workshop a few months ago about potions. They talked about Advena, but just barely. They literally just enumerated every dangerous thing about it." He put down his glass and leaned forward, "You see, it doesn't just erase memories, it alters them. So whatever I associated with you is altered. I associate that now with another person." Theo explained. "That swing story you said, when you told us we tried to play in a muggle neighborhood, I thought I did that with Vince. Which is strange because I don't remember anything else about my childhood I associate with Vince. The only other memory I had with him was in Hogwarts." Theo added."You did actually just meet him in Hogwarts." Blaise reminded him."The potion sounds faulty," Hermione remarked."It is. The minister put it off the market before anyone can actually make it better. As far as I know, no one has brewed Advena for years." Theo answered. He looked at Draco again and recalled all the memories they had together. Theo remembered the memories but now Draco. He groaned and clutched his head, trying to claw at the memories that were hidden somewhere in his head. He stopped seeing the concerned look of the three other people in the room."This is frustrating!" Theo said. Both Draco and Blaise huffed, agreeing."Do you think you can brew the antidote?" Hermione asked. Theo stood up again and continued pacing. He couldn't keep still especially with his mind running around with so many questions."I might. I have a few notes about an antidote from when Healers tried to make them, but none have been tested to prove its effectiveness." Theo answered. "Can you help me with this, Granger? I might not know much about you but I do know you're good at Potions." Theo asked."You don't know much about her? She was everywhere in Hogwarts, and she defeated the Dark Lord." Hermione cringed at the name. She wasn't used to hearing Voldemort be called by his followers."Maybe I associated Granger with him.." Theo said looking at Draco. Draco gulped down and looked away. Blaise snickered but Hermione didn't notice anything."I'll help," Hermione answered."Perfect. Let's start tomorrow."

A/NI'm back.I am very sorry for the lack of updates last week. I had volunteer work during the weekend, and university work the rest of the week. I was so tired and had no time to edit. But rest assured, I'll be back with my scheduled posts every week.I've added date tags on certain parts. This means that the scene happening in that part takes place either a few days or a few weeks from the last part.October 2001They immediately got to work the next morning only because Theo was excited to start even though he was adamant about joining just the day before. When Blaise arrived following after Theo he immediately dragged Hermione and Draco to the side."I think we missed an important detail," Blaise said, sounding very worried. Draco raised a brow and Hermione pressed him on to continue, "Who do we test the antidote to?" Blaise asked."Won't Theo be a perfect choice?" Draco remarked. Hermione shook her head, "The contract specially mentioned we don't use the potion on him." Hermione stated."I can't believe you agreed to that," Draco growled.Hermione huffed and crossed her arms in front of her, "I thought he'd suggest we use one of the Greengrass girls. I mean I know Astoria would love to remember you." Hermione answered. Draco glared at her but Blaise just laughed."Oh, won't you love that too, Draco?" Blaise teased. Draco rolled his eyes, turning back to Hermione."Did you put any spells on the contract, that if we break anything on the contract, we'll face unpleasant circumstances?" Draco askedHermione smiled guiltily, "Yes," she started. "But it'll only work if Theo specifically finds out about it, and if he decides to push through the punishment. He might think that it was a necessity that we used him." Hermione answered. Draco smirked. He turned to Hermione staring at her in a way of a challenge as if he thought of something and he was asking her to guess what it was. Hermione was confused at first and then she grimaced. "What he doesn't know won't kill him," Hermione muttered causing Draco to smile.Blaise looked like she was about to stop her from going ahead with it but Hermione waved him off, turned around and went to Theo to start helping him. She wasn't worried. During her time in Hogwarts, she had done so many things that required her to bend the rules (despite not wanting to at first) behind much more powerful people than Theodore Nott."Are you sure she's a Gryffindor?" Blaise asked watching Hermione from where he stood. Draco just laughed and proceeded to do his work ignoring Blaise altogether.Once they started working together, Hermione realized that she really didn't get along with Theodore Nott. The wizard had started talking about possible potions they could take inspiration from which completely disagreed with everything Hermione read about brewing an antidote. Because of this, they started arguing  Hermione didn't like working away from the instructions in the books and Theo wanted to follow his own instructions. .In the middle of their argument, she plopped down on an empty chair in the living room. She rested her head on the backseat, looking at the ceiling, a book dangling on her left hand. Theo still chattered in the background about how his theories would absolutely work."Are we even sure this can be solved?" Hermione asked, interrupting whatever Theo was saying. She wasn't a pessimistic person. Hermione prided herself for persevering only good things even when nothing seems to be going their way.Blaise strode back into the living room hearing neither Hermione or Theo shouting at each other. Draco also walked out of his study then, finishing a floo call with Dominic about their recent job request at a pureblood house in Berlin. He eyed Hermione, then turned to look at Blaise to ask what was going on. Blaise just shrugged, sitting down on one side of the sofa.Hermione didn't seem to notice Draco had come back to the room."I mean, what if the memories aren't there anymore? What if there's nothing to return?" Hermione added sitting properly on the chair. She stiffened when she saw Draco. Seeing him, Hermione was reminded of why they were doing this in the first place - why it was important for all of them to give back the people's memories of Draco. But Hermione wanted to make sure they weren't fighting an already lost battle."We can go inside Theo's mind," Blaise suggested."No one is going inside my head." Theo declined."Come on, Theo. We just need to see if there are still memories to return," Blaise said.Theo continued shaking his head no but Blaise kept insisting. The former sighed, and then nodded. "Fine," he said, "I agree to it only if Granger would be the one to perform legilimency," Theo said. Everyone looked at Hermione."I'm not an expert," she admitted. "I only learned in order to help Harry on his occlumency," Hermione said. She actually didn't want to be the one to go through Theo's head. Who knows what's inside his head in the first place? Hermione didn't want to think ill of him but it was hard not to assume when you didn't know the person in the first place.Hermione walked forward slowly, somewhat nervous."You can say no, Granger." Draco drawled."We need to know," Hermione said, calming herself. Before Hermione could come forward, Draco placed one hand on the arm of the chair Theo was sitting on. "If it proves to be too difficult for Hermione, I would do it, okay?" he told Theo. Theo shivered, feeling as if he was threatened.He nodded as if he had no choice.Draco summoned a stool from the kitchen and placed it in front of Theo for Hermione to sit on.Hermione removed her wand from her pocket, pointed at Theo, and muttered, "Legilimens."Theo's mind was a clutter. Everything seemed to be floating into space and if you didn't know what you were looking for or where to find it you'll likely be trapped in his mind forever. Being inside Theo's head sent a shiver through Hermione. She had heard of occlumens separating their thoughts into compartments. Their minds would look like a room where everything is archived, arranged in a way only the occlumens know. With Theo's mind, there were no compartments. Every memory came at you when you looked at it. Was this how he protected his thoughts? By throwing too many at a person at once making them forget what they were really looking for. There was a memory in Hogwarts, during their fourth year, with Theo and Blaise taunting Harry. With Draco out of the way, it felt like Theo was the leader of their little group. Hermione didn't like the way Theo sneered at Harry. Another memory came at her, a memory of him and Daphne, at a broom closet. Hermione looked away, not wanting to see whatever was happening. Another was during a Quidditch match. Hermione remembered this match. It was Slytherin vs Gryffindor  Gryffindor lost when Draco caught the snitch, but what Hermione was seeing was not Draco catching the snitch but someone else. Is that Montague? Montague wasn't a seeker but in Theo's memory, he was. With Montague as the seeker, there were only two chasers, well at least that's what Hermione observed.Hermione deduced that the potion probably took another person from Theo's memory to replace Draco but it didn't bother putting anyone in the last position the person was in. What Hermione found impressive was that if the memory wasn't altered and Draco was still there, Theo would probably not even remember Montague being there.The potion wasn't faulty at all. It was smart.By placing someone who would barely be recognized or remembered in memory as the front line and the center of the memory you completely push someone out, not even realizing that something was wrong in your memory in the first place.How strong is this potion? Hermione thought.Before she can even watch the memory further, another memory forced itself towards her, then another, and another. She tried to push through but the more she seemed to get interested in one memory the more all the other memories were trying to catch her attention.What was she looking for again? "Theo, stop!" she heard distantly.Who did that voice belong to? Hermione felt dizzy. She reached out for another memory but when she was going to touch it, something floated in her head."Get out of there, Granger!" What? "Hermione! Get out!" she felt herself being pulled then pushed out of Theo's head.When she opened her eyes she found herself lying down on the sofa looking at a concerned Draco looking down at her."What happened?" Hermione asked."You fell off the chair," Theo said. Draco glared at him but he didn't correct him either."Your mind is a mess, Theodore," Hermione said, massaging her head. She never wanted to try that again."It's a safety precaution. Only skilled Legilimens can navigate my mind." Theo explained. "I'm sorry," Theo said, looking down at his hands."It's fine," she said, sitting up. "I didn't find anything though." She remarked. Hermione did talk about the memory with Graham Montague being a seeker. It felt like she needed to say it.Blaise and Draco snickered though as if the thought of Graham Montague being a seeker was something they would never have imagined."What? He's a great seeker." Theo defended. No one entertained him."Should Draco try now?" Blaise asked instead."Fine." Theo agreed through gritted teeth.Draco didn't sit in front of Theo. Instead, he stayed where he sat beside Hermione, looking at Theo. Hermione couldn't even tell if he was inside Theo's head already.She was only able to tell when Theo's face contorted, and he started to groan, closing his eyes and clutching his head. Draco didn't let go of his hold on Theo though. He continued searching through Theo's mind despite the latter already shouting in pain. Hermione tried to cover her ears to mute the noise but to no avail. Finally, she interfered when blood started dripping from Theo's nose."Draco, you're hurting him!" Draco didn't listen. Hermione sighed and clutched Draco's face in both her hands, causing him to look at her.The shouting stopped. Hermione saw Draco's eyes soften as he looked at hers."Bloody hell." Theo groaned. Draco stared at his friend, his eyes widening as he saw the state Theo was in."Merlin, I didn't realize" Draco started explaining but Theo stopped him, waving him away. "That is a strong Legilimency," Theo said."What did you find?" Hermione asked, abruptly removing her hands from Draco's neck realizing she hadn't moved her hand away. Draco didn't even notice. She wrapped her cardigan tighter around her and placed her sleeves on her cheeks to hide the blush creeping up from her neck to her cheeks."There's a wall. I tried to get through it. When I do, conversations we had, my voice would somehow peek out, but then get sucked back behind the wall. I thought if I push through enough." he didn't finish because they all knew how that ended."Well, at least we know that the memories are there," Hermione said."Anyone want tea?" Blaise asked, trying to break the tension that clouded the room.Theo decided to leave for the night to go back to the Greengrass siblings who were probably waiting for him at his Parisian home. Blaise left too to check his finances after he promised Draco he'd be the one paying for everything until Draco can pay him back. That left Draco with Hermione.Hermione was outside, sitting at the lone table in the backyard. Draco joined her, setting a cup of tea in front of her. Hermione smiled at him. Draco noted that her smile somehow looked sad."Are you alright?" Draco asked, worried. Hermione nodded slowly as if unsure. "Did you see something in Theo's head?" Draco added."No." She answered silently. "It just felt. really cold and dark," Hermione expounded. "It was that if I get lost in his head I'll just be enveloped by darkness," Hermione explained. When she finished explaining, she looked away, embarrassed to say it out loud. Draco continued looking at her, waiting for something. When Hermione didn't say anything else, he nodded his head in understanding and took a sip of his own tea."That's probably how all our minds would feel," Hermione looked at Draco who stared back at her intently. At first, she thought he was trying to get into her head, but she didn't feel anyone intruding. Then, she realized, he looked like he was waiting for something  waiting for her to do something. She looked away."You weren't actually allowing me to look through your mind were you?" Hermione asked, "You'd probably kick me out before I even see something." she added.He sighed, "I was putting down my walls for you." Draco admitted. Hermione was surprised. Why would Draco want her in his mind? As if reading her thoughts (maybe he was), Draco answered, "Maybe I just wanted to share the memories I remember with someone. I want to be able to talk about those memories with someone and have them feel reminiscent, and not be confused that I shared a memory with them." Draco admitted.Hermione gulped down, almost reaching out to pat the back of his hand for comfort. Draco interrupted her thought process by saying, "I'd relive our memories but none of those are particularly pleasant," Draco mentioned."We'll find a cure, Draco. Trust Theo and Blaise," She said, finally. She leaned closer to him and placed a reassuring hand on his forearm. "And me, even if that isn't conventional," Hermione uttered."I trust you, Granger," Draco told her, looking at her again. They looked at each other with only silence between them. The sun was setting behind them and it placed a nice glow around Draco, coloring the grey of his eyes with a tint of gold. It was beautiful. Hermione thought. Draco was beautiful. She cleared her throat and looked away somehow wishing Draco wasn't reading her head."Do you want me to teach you legilimency?" Draco offered, still looking at her despite her looking away. "No offense, Malfoy," Hermione started. Draco felt annoyed that she started calling him by his last name again when the whole afternoon she had called him Draco. He wondered if Hermione actually realized that she did."There are more important things we need to focus on," she continued, stealing a glance at him only to see him still staring at her. She felt her cheeks heat up. "I don't think I'll ever use it anyway." She clarified. Draco nodded, "Well, the offer is there if you want it."Hermione muttered a small thank you. They sat a few more minutes outside waiting for the sun to finally descend the horizon. Draco was the first one to leave, taking both their empty cups back to the kitchen. He didn't join her again, but Hermione did hear him saying to come in quickly because it was going to get cold.October 2001Contrary to what Blaise believed, especially with someone like Hermione, Draco, Theo, and himself, brewing an antidote proved to be difficult. This thought was aided by Hermione and Theo arguing every second over possible potion ingredients to be used.Theo, being the professional potioneer that he was, had listed a list of ingredients he wants the four of them to procure. Once Hermione saw the list though, they started exchanging words. A few items on the list were deemed unnecessary, and, in Hermione's words, ".too dangerous. You could kill, Draco.""I don't have plans to kill your friend. If the potion is brewed correctly there won't be anyone dying," Theo answered."If! How many tries can we have before he dies?" Hermione growled."We're not even going to use it on him!" Theo argued.No! Blaise thought. We'll use it on you. "Can't we just use bezoar?" Blaise asked, wanting to stop the arguing. His head was hurting and he wasn't particularly patient with people shouting at each other just a few feet away."Bezoar is for poisons," Hermione said matter-of-factly."Panacea then?" Blaise suggested."Panacea is for curing illnesses and besides, you're not allowed to brew panacea anymore, more so let a whole population take it," Theo answered. Blaise sighed. Hermione was tired. Blaise looked at Draco seeing the latter seemingly uninterested by the fighting going on in front of him. Draco was rereading the Daily Prophet, probably the first thing he saw to read when the arguing started. He was listening though, intently. Blaise noted how Draco had been reading the same page for the past 20 minutes.Draco looked up to see Blaise staring. He cocked a brow making Blaise shrug. Blaise then motioned to the kitchen wondering if there was a chance they could retreat to the kitchen before the other two realized they'd left. Draco showed his right hand with all his fingers raised. Five seconds? Five minutes?Blaise didn't understand but he was just determined to follow Draco's lead. The latter stood up from his chair silently, then retreating to the kitchen. Blaise followed suit, seeing as they apparently didn't need a plan because Theo and Hermione were too busy arguing to even notice them at all."When do you think they'll stop?" Blaise said entering the kitchen."Theo's proud of his potion business and wouldn't let anyone stomp around him," Draco mused. Blaise snickered, "And Granger is just too smart for anyone." Draco added.Blaise plopped down the chair already assuming that the arguing would probably continue whether or not Draco and he were there."Do you want a sandwich?" Draco asked, already knowing that they'll be in the kitchen for a while.The fighting did continue, only because neither Theo nor Hermione wanted to back down in their arguments."You asked for my help, so here I am giving it," Theo started, wanting to already finish the arguing and get on with the potion-making. "I want you to trust me because I trust that you would set all of us straight and won't kill anybody," He continued.Hermione sighed. If you put it that way, she really had nothing else to argue with. "Fine but I have to be there when you make the potion," she said."I wouldn't have it any other way," Theo concluded.Though they had an agreement, the fighting didn't stop. Now, they were fighting about where and how to get the potion ingredients they were going to use, especially the ones from magical creatures."You have a magizoologist friend. We literally could get all the ingredients without even trying," Theo explained."But you're the one with a potions business. Shouldn't procuring ingredients be easy for you?" Hermione asked.Theo shook his head vigorously as if pointing out to Hermione that she didn't know what she was talking about. "Procuring takes time, papers, and the ministry's approval. Which would take months or even years especially if you're working on an antidote of a potion that everybody thinks hasn't been brewed in decades," He rounded the desk he was using for his work then stopped in front of Hermione."There are instances where we ask for private help, people who don't work for the Ministry, to secure these ingredients for us, so that the Ministry wouldn't ask too many questions, and we can make an antidote faster.""You're not roping me into these illegal transactions of yours," Hermione insisted.Theo sighed, placed a hand on Hermione's shoulder to placate her. "Once we brew a successful antidote, then we'll get the ministry's help," Theo said to assure her.Through gritted teeth, Hermione agreed."Okay! I'll need Ashwinder eggs and Jobberknoll feathers."October 2001"Hermione," Sue started, carefully picking her words, "how many jobs do you have exactly?""This is in-line with the job I have in France," Hermione clarified.Sue nodded, seemingly still confused, "With Mr. Draco Malfoy?""Yes,""But now, also with Theodore Nott?" Sue asked, confused."Yes,"Sue was quiet for a while. "I don't really trust this but make them sign an agreement with you that you will not be harmed in any of this," Sue said after a while, placing herself firmly in front of Hermione making the latter see that she was serious."Already done, Sue," Hermione lied. It was better to appease her friend now than argue about it the whole day.Despite her reluctance, Sue still agreed to give her the potion ingredients she needed. She removed keys from her pocket and started trying each one."I'm sorry about this. I always tell myself to label them but once I label them I forget which key it is for," Sue said, trying out another key. Hermione just leaned on the wall, patiently waiting."Is the Daily Prophet not working out? I would like to think they're still paying you even without you working on something," Sue tried another key again."I finished writing with the notes you gave me. I'm waiting for whatever they have to let me work on next," Hermione clarified.Sue just nodded, only half-listening as she tried in another key. She released a squeal when the lock opened and then pocketed the keys. Hermione was supposed to mention that Sue should've taken note of what key she used to open the door but Sue was already passing her gloves, a mask, and a coat before Hermione could even say a word out."It smells," Sue explained as she buttoned up her coat. Hermione nodded in understanding and proceeded to dress.Hermione felt wary of walking around the storehouse. There were millions of things that could go wrong when you place all possible potion ingredients from magical creatures in one place. All those million reasons were running around in Hermione's head as she followed Sue carefully around the storehouse. Hermione was going to mention something to Sue when they passed the Erumpent horns but decided against it. Besides, the sanctuary had been intact for years. The fact that there weren't any accidents that had occurred in the past years, Hermione assumed that maybe they had put wards around each potion to prevent it from blowing up.Hermione couldn't continue listing dangerous reasons in her head when they finally stopped in front of what looked like a big cooler."Hold this," Sue said, passing Hermione a rather small basket. Sue had brought the basket inside when they entered the sanctuary. It made Hermione wonder if that was where they'd be putting all of her orders in. She looked around the sanctuary trying to look for carts to carry all these ingredients but found nothing."The tip to handling Ashwinder eggs is to never hold them," Sue started. Hermione raised a brow as she watched Sue take out big tongs from behind the cooler and started fishing out the Ashwinder eggs. "Do you know how many people have lost their fingers and dropped eggs just because they thought they could handle holding Ashwinder eggs?" Hermione didn't answer. She thought that Sue probably didn't want an answer anyways."How many did you need again?" Sue asked, having already grabbed two eggs and placed in a cylindrical case, stacked on top of each other like tennis balls. "Five of each," Hermione muttered. Sue nodded then continued placing three more on top of the other two. Once Sue closed the cylindrical case, she tapped the top of it making it shrink. "I'll show you how to resize it later. It's just easier to carry like this."They proceeded to locate the Jobberknoll feathers with Sue reminding Hermione of the dangers of potion ingredients, only making Hermione bite her lip in order not to question the safety hazard that the storehouse presented. Hermione started thinking if she should write a letter to the Ministry or at least to Ron to look into this.Sue didn't talk much as she plucked the Jobberknoll feathers from their vase, carefully counting if there were five. ("They tend to stick to one another you see. I don't want to accidentally give you six and make you pay for just five.")Once Sue was finished counting for the fifth time, she tied the feathers together and placed them on the basket. She put her hands on her hips, looking at Hermione expectantly, "Anything else."Just then an owl passed by dropping a note at Hermione's feet. Sue took the basket from Hermione telling her that it wasn't wise to place it on the floor when ingredients were already inside. Hermione picked up the note and scowled once she recognized Theo's familiar handwriting. Written in the note were more ingredients.Hermione looked at Sue and tried to hide her annoyance at Theo through a smile, "Do you happen to have Griffin claws, Dragon claws, Billywig sting slime, and Armadillo bile?"Sue massaged the back of her neck, "We're going to need a bigger basket."When Hermione apparated back to Draco's house in France she wanted to drop the basket of ingredients on top of Theo's desk but Sue's warnings of proper handling of ingredients (which she had to listen to four more times with the addition of four more ingredients) echoed in her head."I'm glad you're back, Granger. Did you receive my note?" Theo asked looking admiringly up at Hermione from where he was sitting behind his desk. Hermione carefully slid the basket on the table and glared at Theo before walking towards her room, muttering about how she needed her rest."I think she likes me," Theo mentioned. "In what universe?" Blaise asked laughing at their interaction.November 2001"Are you sure you're allowing Theo to set up a lab in your spare room?" Hermione sounded as worried as she felt. Draco, meanwhile, shrugged as he read through the Daily Prophet."Blaise and I are going to set upwards anyway." He answered which didn't appease Hermione one bit. She wondered what would happen if the door was open. Would the wards work then? Draco walked away from her as if not wanting to be close to her constant worrying. She heard a crash in the spare room as she watched Draco walk away.She peeked into the room, saying "Are you okay in there?" She saw Theo on the floor, his foot wearing a cauldron. Potion flasks were littered around him  nothing broken, Hermione noted. Thank Merlin ."I slipped," Theo said, smiling at Hermione sheepishly. "I'll be alright here," Theo answered. Hermione stayed for a few more minutes before finally walking away. Maybe if she didn't see what was happening, she wouldn't be worried."Do you know how to garden, Granger?" Theo asked while they were eating lunch around the dining table. Both Blaise and Draco looked at Theo wondering where he was going with this. They had been working on the procuring ingredients for about a month now and Hermione had learned not to entertain Theo when he asked these kinds of things."I particularly think planting baneberries and dittany feels very rewarding." Theo added, "I let Astoria do it one time for a potion I was brewing and she left me alone for a whole two weeks." The smile Theo Nott sent her way was unnerving.After realizing what Theo wanted from her, she snickered. "You're not actually telling me to plant baneberry and dittany are you?" Hermione asked, noting that those two were in Theo's list of possible ingredients. As in on cue, Theo dug inside his book bag removing a gardening book, two medium-sized pots, and baneberry, and dittany seeds.Hermione scoffed as Theo passed her the objects. She didn't accept it, instead she shoved Draco between her and Theo causing Draco to receive all Theo was giving."I don't think she liked that, mate." Blaise said to Theo.Theo smiled at Draco. "You do it then," he said despite the shaking of Draco's head. Theo walked towards his potion room after handing off the things to Draco as if his work in the kitchen was done. He didn't even touch his sandwich. Draco helplessly looked at Blaise."I can't plant anything," Blaise said, raising his arms in surrender and proceeding to go to the living room complete with his plate of food before Draco decides to give all the work to him.Sighing at his friends' abrupt exit, Draco hesitantly proceeded towards the back garden.Draco changed into work clothes he thought would be appropriate for gardening before he speed-read through the book that Theo gave him. There really wasn't much he didn't know already from watching his mother plant in their garden. The only difference from regular flowers, which Draco noted, was these potion ingredients needed a very strict growing environment. He found himself sighing in frustration, cursing himself for not taking Herbology seriously.He was digging rows into the soil and planting the seeds half a feet between each other. On the last row, he felt something tickling the back of his neck. Draco turned to see one of the Jobberknoll feathers floating behind him."You're actually gardening?" Hermione teased. "Won't you help me, Granger?" Draco asked, squinting to see her. She had her arms crossed in front of her, looking at him amusedly. She shook her head and sat at one of the chairs beside the table in the garden. The same chair she sat on that night when they talked about legilimency. "I'd rather watch, thank you," she answered.Draco scoffed, going back to digging some seeds and manually planting the baneberry seeds on the ground."You're not going to use any magic at all, Malfoy?" Hermione asked a few minutes later as she watched Draco dig a patch of dirt with an actual spade."If I used magic, I'll be finished with this already and you won't have anything to watch," Draco teased. Hermione rolled her eyes, standing up to leave. Draco didn't want her to leave so he quickly said, "The instruction says magic can affect the growth of the plant so it's better to plant it manually." Hermione eyed him curiously before sitting back down."Did you know that baneberries make pretty decent tea?" Draco said. Hermione cocked an eyebrow, "Aren't they poisonous?" Hermione asked. Draco smiled sneakily but didn't answer her. Hermione found herself rolling her eyes again."If you wanted to kill me, Malfoy, you should've gone with something else other than baneberry makes for a decent tea flavor." Hermione snapped at him."Maybe I just wanted to hear you arguing with me," Draco teased."You have serious problems if you think that's attractive," Hermione said, crossing her arms in front of her. Before Draco could say anything, he felt droplets of water on his arms. He looked up to see the clouds turning gray and it was starting to rain."Maybe you should continue that tomorrow?" Hermione answered, already inching towards the open doorway not wanting to get wet."But the instructions said I have to plant it once the seal is open," Draco answered trying to cover himself from the rain. He looked around for his wand before realizing that he left it in the kitchen. Hermione still stood by the doorway looking like she was calculating something. A few minutes later, she sighed and then walked towards Draco. She held her wand above her head, casting an "umbrella" enchantment to protect her from the rain, and making it bigger once she was with Draco so it can protect him from the rain too.He looked at her when she sat beside him, smiling teasingly. "Just finish that fast so we can go inside already," Hermione commanded. Draco, a smile still on his face, shook his head and continued planting the seeds even slower than before which just annoyed Hermione more."They look good together, don't you think?" Theo asked, walking towards Blaise who was watching Draco and Hermione from the kitchen."You'd laugh at that statement if you know exactly how Draco sees Granger," Blaise stated. Theo raised a brow. "And that is?""Well he's a Malfoy, and Granger is a muggle-born." Blaise clarified."With everything going on with him do you think that that even matters to him?" Theo asked. Blaise didn't answer because he actually didn't know what to answer. He had hoped though that this whole thing might make Draco realize there were more important things to worry about than him possibly creating a relationship with a muggle-born  whatever that relationship entailed."They do look good together though," Blaise whispered seeing Hermione pushed Draco because of something he probably said, causing the latter to fall, dirtying his clothes. Draco retaliated.Blaise didn't watch anymore, feeling like he was intruding on something and instead followed Theo to the living room where the latter was instructing him to carry the Ashwinder eggs to the potions room."Damn you, Granger. These are my favorite pair of trousers." Draco said looking down at his mud-stained trousers. "Oh please, Draco. You can cast a spell to make that clean." Hermione said already casting a spell on his trousers but leaving a few smudges for him to clean up later. "Besides, you deserve it for calling Sue strange," Hermione said, glaring at him.Draco shrugged, and said, "Well she is a little bit. You can at least attest to that." He rounded the kitchen island and took two towels from one of the drawers and passed her one."I'm not going to confirm or deny anything." She said, wiping her face and her hair dry.Draco cast a drying spell on him and surprised Hermione by casting one on her as well as she was tying her hair up.She shuddered, "A little warning next time?" She finished tying her hair, huffing at him."You missed a strand," Draco said, grabbing a stray strand of hair and hooking it behind her ears. His hand stayed there for a while just looking at Hermione. He stared at her eyes. Draco realized how beautiful her brown eyes were.They heard someone cough behind them.Hermione jumped away from Draco, cupping her face in her arms.The person who caught their attention was no other than Astoria Greengrass. She didn't look at Hermione but all her attention was on Draco, as if he was a magnet and she was metal  completely attracted to him."I floo-ed here from Theo's flat." Astoria said, still only looking at Draco, "Daphne wanted me to give you guys this in case Theo forgets to eat again." Astoria passed Draco two paper bags. Inside was food that Daphne probably asked one of her elves to cook for them."I'll." Draco started not knowing what to do with the food. He looked around to see where Blaise and Theo were but they weren't in the living room. "Keep this," he added. Astoria nodded. "The buttered chicken needs specific instructions for heating so the heat soaks through the inside. Do you want me to teach you?" Astoria asked. Draco looked at Hermione trying to ask for help to get away from this but she wasn't looking at him."I'll leave you both to it," Hermione said. Astoria beamed and made sure Hermione had gone to her room before coming closer to Draco to teach him how to heat the chicken.Damn it, Astoria . Draco thought as the younger witch started going through his kitchen.November 2001"Theo, your instructions specifically say to stir twice and then leave for an hour," Hermione read out, seeing Theo not doing exactly what he had written."It's experimental, Granger. Instructions change every time." Theo said adding a bit of Fwooper feather Hermione didn't even know Theo had."Theodore!" She growled. Theo dropped the feather beside the cauldron, stirred the potion twice then set his hourglass for an hour. He smiled bitterly at Hermione, "Happy?" he asked.Draco, who was watching all this, smiled. He never thought someone could rile up Hermione more than he would.Blaise walked in on them a few minutes later holding a big package and some letters. He shoved everything towards Theo. "Are you all just delivering your packages and mails at my place?" Draco complained seeing Theo open his package which has nothing to do with the antidote making at all. Then he opened the letters, proceeding to give one after the other to Blaise, then to Hermione and then to Draco.Draco looked down at the letter in his hand to see that it was an invitation for the Greengrass annual Christmas party."I never thought I'd be invited to a Greengrass event," Hermione uttered reading through the invitation again. "Daphne secretly adores you, you know," Theo said.Hermione wondered if it was just because Daphne barely had any recollection of her or she really did admire Hermione. She started imagining how it would be like if she was actually friends with the Greengrass girl."We should go," Blaise said. Hermione nodded saying it was a nice break from all these. Draco was silent. Except for the last year, he had always been in the Greengrass Christmas Parties, and now he finds himself being invited again despite not being known. "How about you, Draco?" Draco looked up and put down the invitation, letting it fall on top of the stack of papers he was studying."I'll think about it," was all he said before retreating towards the kitchen.December 2001Only Hermione and Draco were at his house that day. Draco was sorting out the mail that had arrived in his office which he hadn't opened in a while to the annoyance of Dominic. Hermione was reading up on the Ministry's plans of building a school for wizards and muggle-born children to control their magic even before they go to Hogwarts. It was her new project with the Daily Prophet and she'd just received all necessary papers about it the day before. As she was moving on to a new page, Hedwig II was tapping on the window beside the seat she was sitting in.It dropped a parcel with a note filled with Ginny's handwriting saying, "My gift for Christmas to you is this dress Fleur and I saw the other day. You might be able to use it at the Greengrass party." Hermione took the dress out of the parcel and held it high to see. It was a gold mermaid silhouette dress with a tube top that would accentuate her shoulders. Smiling at it, she tucked it under her arm and brought it to her room for safekeeping.Hermione didn't notice Draco watching her. He looked up once he heard the owl pecking on his window and he kept watching Hermione until she retreated to her room. He didn't know if it was because Hermione looked excited to see the dress, or that Draco wanted to see her in it, but he immediately decided that maybe the Greengrass party wasn't so bad to go to.Well, just as long as Hermione was there."I thought you weren't coming," Blaise asked when he saw Draco fixing his cufflinks in front of the mirror in the living room."I said I'll think about it," Draco answered. "Besides, I'd rather not stay alone in this house with Theo's potion just brewing in another room." Blaise raised a brow at Draco, in disbelief. Deciding not to say anything, he accio-ed a wine bottle and three glasses from Draco's kitchen, sitting himself down at the wingback and pouring his and Draco's glass with wine."Isn't it too early to start drinking?" Draco asked looking at the clock that showed that it was barely 5 pm.Blaise shrugged, "Pre-party," he said chugging down his glass and then pouring himself another. Theo showed up a few minutes later saying that he was tasked to bring all of them to the party by Daphne. "She was afraid you'd all bail," Theo explained."And miss the free food, Theodore?" Blaise teased. Theo glared at him, shuddering at being called 'Theodore'. Theo took the glass that was supposed to be Hermione's and poured himself wine. Blaise snickered at the action, but Draco just rolled his eyes leaning on the fireplace."Why do you look as nervous as you were waiting for your date to the Yule Ball?" Blaise asked, staring at Draco. Theo looked between Blaise and Draco, confused. "Are you taking Pansy with you?" He asked. The sneer of the two men didn't escape Theo's notice."Oh, you meant Granger?" Theo amended. "I'm with both Blaise and Hermione." Draco clarified."We all know Blaise can handle himself alone," Theo remarked. Blaise just lounged at the chair, emptying the wine bottle not bothering to defend himself. Draco just continued to ignore them for a few more minutes before asking, "Is Pansy coming?"Theo stayed silent, drinking the glass he had in front of him, pretending he didn't hear. Both Blaise and Draco knew he heard anyway so they waited for him to speak. Theo hated awkward silences and both Draco and Blaise knew he'd crack under the tension soon.Theo sighed, "Daphne didn't want to invite her but her parents insisted." Theo answered. "But I don't know if she's going. Neither invitation came back so we're assuming they're probably thinking about it.""Neither invitation? How many invitations did you have to send her?" Blaise asked. Theo looked at him exasperatedly before explaining,"e sent one to her and her husband."Blaise stared at Theo wide-eyed, and Draco was just shocked.Blaise scooted farther away from Theo, then shouted, "Pansy is married?" Theo rolled his eyes at Blaise's childishness but nodded. "You never knew. She married Justin Finch-Fletchley?""A muggle-born?" Blaise asked at the same time Draco said, "A Hufflepuff?""Yes! They married last December. Well, of course, no one was invited, with what happened between all of us of course." Theo uttered."But she doesn't use his last name?" Blaise asked. Theo shrugged, "It's probably because she didn't want anyone to judge her like we're doing now,"Before any of them can say anything about it or ask more about Pansy's sudden news, someone cleared their throat behind them."Am I interrupting something?" Hermione asked, walking out of her room. She walked towards them, feeling shy. Harry and Ron had seen her dress up but with the company of other men, she felt a little prideful, like she wanted to look good."We were just waiting for you," Theo said standing up from the chair and walking towards the fireplace. "Now that you're here, I have something to tell you."Everyone else stood up and waited for Theo to continue. "I decided that my Christmas gift for you would be for me to test out the antidote myself," Blaise, Hermione and Draco eyed each other knowingly."No cheers? No "that's great of you Theodore"? No?" Theo sighed and then took a handful of floo powder shouting The Greengrass address, "Shall we go then?" He didn't wait for an answer instead he stepped onto the flames and left. "That settles it," Hermione said watching the flames die down.Blaise eyed Hermione all over, grinning. "Well, will you look at yourself? Looking very beautiful indeed." Blaise complimented. Hermione blushed but gave a quiet thank you anyways.Draco, though, stayed quiet. The last time he remembered Hermione looking like this (even before her birthday,) was during the Yule Ball. He might not have admitted it to anyone then, but Hermione indeed looked beautiful that night. As the years passed by, and her age filled in the appropriate places, she looked even more wonderful.Dear Salazar, she was beautiful.He heard someone cough beside him. Draco looked to see Blaise grinning up at him, and noticed that Hermione was already walking towards the fireplace."I'll let you ogle Granger as much as you'd like but we do need to go." Blaise teased. Draco loosened his tie a bit not saying anything. He couldn't really deny that he was checking Hermione out because it would've been obvious. He wasn't really trying to be subtle about it.Blaise just laughed at him before getting powder from Hermione and making sure to leave a few seconds for Hermione and Draco alone to spend alone."You look great, Granger," Draco said. He had wanted to say more but that was the only thing he thought to say without causing discomfort to Hermione."You don't look too bad yourself," Hermione said. "But it should be expected of you, of course, you always look great," she added before dropping the floo powder in the fireplace, stepping into it. Draco stood there watching her disappear processing the fact that he heard Hermione admit to him that she thought he looked attractive and had always thought so.A/NThank you for everyone still keeping up with this story. I'm by far not the best writer and have so much to learn and every one of you has been a big help. I appreciate constructive criticism and other types of comments.

A/N I hope you guys like this chapter. *hides in a corner*December 2001Hermione couldn't believe how different this year was compared to the past eight years of her life. In less than a year, she managed to step into not one but two luxurious, pureblood houses without anyone side-eyeing her for not being one of them. Still, though, as she stepped out of the fireplace into the Greengrass residence she felt off.The Greengrass residence had decorations in every corner, wherever you turned  which makes anyone feel the celebration despite being away from the ballroom. . Green Christmas decorations littered the walls, and sparkling champagne glasses were floating near the entrances for anyone to take. She could see from where she was standing a very large Christmas tree set-up in the middle of the ballroom with sparkling silver balls surrounding it. It was exactly what Hermione envisioned walking into this kind of house. It didn't feel like her house during Christmas, wherein the only way you can tell it's Christmas was at the front of the house and inside the living room where most of the decorations were centered. Here, Hermione thought, the whole house was designed to show off  to show the guests how capable the family was and that made Hermione excluded. Anywhere she turned, she saw faces she never thought she'd meet or faces she never even recognized. This wasn't her crowd and she felt scared. She shrunk back, one foot already placed behind the other planning to flee. Just then, Draco looked back at her."You alright?" he asked, sliding a comforting arm around her waist."I just feel out of place, is all," Hermione admitted. "You're not the only one. Remember, no one knows who I am," Draco said, assuring her."But you've been to these kinds of events before, you know what to do," Hermione remarked.Draco nodded in agreement, tightening his hold around her waist."Just stay nearby. We'll get through this together," he said smiling down at Hermione before leading them towards the ballroom.When they entered the ballroom, they saw Daphne just beside the door looking around frantically. As soon as she saw them enter though, she smiled."I was beginning to regret sending Theo to pick you all up," Daphne Greengrass greeted once she saw them enter the ballroom."I've been waiting for both of you since Blaise came through a few minutes ago. I suppose he's somewhere flirting with someone again," Daphne remarked. "Well, I'm so glad you were able to come. I did hear you changed your mind the last minute," Daphne said, turning to Draco."Yes, well, I didn't want to leave Hermione with all of you," Draco teased. Daphne glared at him, "We don't bite, Draco. I'll take wonderful care of her," Daphne said hooking her arms around Hermione, "Anyway, I do have someone to introduce you to," she added leading Hermione away. Draco left on his own devices, went to find Blaise. Despite the number of people present, Blaise was easy to find. He was awkwardly trying to chat with an older witch beside his mother. Lavinia Zabini was too easy to spot wearing a dress reflecting hundreds of colors. Even Draco had to blink twice as he walked towards them."Draco, mate," Blaise said, forcing Draco to join them. "Mr. Malfoy, it's good to see you here," Mrs. Zabini said. The other witch looked at him and Draco was surprised to see it was Pansy's mother. Mrs. Parkinson eyed him carefully, "Your name is Malfoy?" She asked.Draco nodded and introduced himself properly, offering his hand for a shake. "Do you happen to know Lucius?" Draco smiled  he tried not to snicker at the number of times he's been asked this, already an expert in keeping his emotion and answers in check. "I heard he was a distant cousin, my parents weren't able to talk about them a lot. They died when I was quite young," Draco added.Death was a sensitive topic. Draco didn't like posing his parents dead (even though one was already) but it helped in not being asked about his parents."That's terrible. At least you've found a friend in Blaise to be able to share your experiences," Draco raised his brow at Mrs. Parkinson but quickly turned to Blaise. The latter just sipped from his champagne glass seemingly enjoying the conversation. "If only Pansy would talk about her feelings, she would have still kept her friends. I don't understand why she went on and got herself married," Mrs. Parkinson shook her head and took another champagne glass from a floating tray depositing her old one."She acted like a little girl, throwing a tantrum around the house saying her friends betrayed her. I never really understood that fight of yours," She added turning to Blaise. Blaise looked as confused as Draco felt."Well, you know children. Their problems now are different from ours back then," Lavinia said before Blaise interrupted with, "Mum, Draco and I have something to talk about regarding work," Lavinia waved them off and the two witches proceeded to talk about the latest trends in fashion."Did I hear that right?" Blaise asked, "That Pansy was betrayed by her friends?" he added. Draco's head was turning. The whole ordeal with Pansy happened after his trial - after what he did and said in his trial. If Advena worked by removing memories of him doesn't it mean that Pansy shouldn't have remembered the fight?"Theo also mentioned earlier not being invited to the wedding because of what happened with all of us. Does that mean that even without your involvement they still found something to argue about?" Blaise pointed out. Draco was about to say something but Daphne came back to them with Hermione following close behind her."I need you, and I need to find my mother," Daphne said pointing at Blaise, grabbing his wrist and dragging him away. Draco sighed, looking at their retreating figure thinking to talk about it next time with Blaise. He focused his attention on Hermione who was silent beside him."So how does it feel to be in your first pureblood party?" Draco started. He was honestly curious, and just wanted something to talk about. He hoped he didn't come out insulting. "It's very grand," Hermione answered, her voice had a slight quiver as if she was still scared at the magnitude of the whole thing."I suppose you've got to have somewhere to put all your money in." Draco laughed because he honestly thought that was the only reason why her mother was so invested in parties. She had too much money, yet too little to spend it to.Draco was going to ask another question when they heard someone walk behind them, saying, "Ms. Granger. May I interrupt?"Narcissa Malfoy noticed them just as they entered the ballroom. The striking blonde struck her familiar yet it bothered her how she didn't know the face that came with it. For a minute she thought it was Lucius walking in because he looked exactly like Lucius when the latter was younger.The girl around his arm though was familiar. It was Hermione Granger, the strange girl that borrowed books from her library.Narcissa watched them. She watched them talk to Daphne and separate ways. She watched the boy talking to Blaise and her mother and looking very much part of the crowd. Even the way he held himself reminded Narcissa of Lucius. She wanted to approach but was finding little reason too. It'll be very awkward to just suddenly talk to someone who probably didn't know you anyway. Narcissa decided to wait for Hermione instead. When the younger witch came back with Daphne, Narcissa immediately approached them. She knew that Hermione was seeing this man; she had read the magazines and the articles. Ever since then, she wanted to know who this man was because something about him intrigued her. Seeing him now, made Narcissa even more curious.She had to know who he was.So brazenly, she sauntered towards them."Miss Granger. May I interrupt?" Narcissa noticed the man stiffen before both he and Hermione turned to face her."Mrs. Malfoy!" Hermione exclaimed seeing her. "It's nice to meet you again.""Yes, it's nice to see you again. Have my books proven helpful?" Narcissa tried her best not to glance at the man Hermione was with who looked like he didn't want to be there  in her presence."Immensely. I was able to find what I was looking for," Hermione answered. Narcissa took this chance to look at Draco."I'm sorry. I didn't mean to be rude. I'm Narcissa Malfoy," she said, extending her hand to Draco. Draco shook it curtly, "Draco," he answered."An interesting name," Narcissa remarked. "Were you named after a constellation?" she asked."I was, as a matter of fact," Draco answered. Narcissa's eyes glinted. Hermione watched with caution and with awe wondering if Narcissa Malfoy had somehow recognized her son, even just an inkling of him. "Our family was named after constellations. I always wanted to name my son Draco if only I had one," Narcissa now looked away from them probably not wanting either Hermione or Draco to see her tears."Well, I should leave you two be," Narcissa said, "It was nice meeting you, Draco," the older witch added."You as well," Draco answered before allowing Narcissa to walk away. Just as she was out of earshot, Draco released a heavy breath.He felt Hermione hold his hand."Do you want to get some air?" Hermione asked. Draco shook his head and took another breath. "I think the dinner is starting anyway," he clarified. Theo found them than telling them that the dinner was about to start.They found themselves sitting at the table with the Greengrass, Narcissa Malfoy, and Andromeda Tonks. Hermione was shocked to see the latter. Draco was squeezed between Hermione and Astoria who insisted to sit beside Draco. In front of Hermione was Theo Nott, and beside her was Andromeda."I didn't think I'd see you here," Hermione said to Andromeda.Andromeda smiled, "After Lucius died, Narcissa had reached out to me." she explained eyeing her sister who sat across from her. "Did you forgive her that easily?" Blaise piped in apparently listening from his seat at the other side of Narcissa. Hermione glared at him but he just shrugged since the question had been asked already."Sometimes the easiest to forgive is family despite them hurting you the most." Andromeda just said, "Especially if you're all each other has left," she added sadly.Food started pouring in a few minutes later. A variety of wine and alcohol bottles were also placed in the middle of the table, the food surrounding it. Water was served to all of them in case none of them drank. As Hermione was reaching for her water, Andromeda piped in. "I wouldn't drink the water if I were you. I arrived early and apparently, a few pixies got inside the kitchen and started contaminating the water with doxy venom. Not too concentrated to kill you but enough to cause your stomach to turn," she explained. "The Greengrass did say that everything was taken care of but you know those pixies, they might have made sure some were sent out unclean."Hearing this, Hermione pushed her water away. Blaise and Draco did the same. They opted instead to drink from the glass of wine that was placed near them.After dinner, all the tables vanished to let people enjoy the rest of the night by dancing.Draco and Hermione stayed at the corner while Theo danced with Daphne throughout the whole night, and Blaise danced with anyone and everyone available. He was even able to get Andromeda to dance with him at some point."Are neither of you going to dance? It's Christmas." Blaise called out towards them. Most of the adults had moved to the sitting area and the only ones left on the dance floor were anyone younger than twenty-five. Draco just shook his head at Blaise who found himself in the arms of Adrian Pucey."So," Draco started trying to find something to say. He was going to start talking about the pixie infestation when he saw Astoria sauntering towards them. He angled his whole body towards Hermione, looking at Astoria through her peripheral. Just as Astoria was coming closer, he noticed that she stopped, glancing instead at something above him and Hermione. He looked up to see a mistletoe appearing above them."Hermione," he whispered, eyes still on the mistletoe. Hermione looked at him and then at where he was looking at. Once she saw the mistletoe, she blushed. Draco then looked at her, wondering if he should be the one to make the move. It was bad luck, especially to pure-blood wizarding families to ignore mistletoes.Just as he was about to lean in, Theo was suddenly standing beside them reaching out for the mistletoe. He plucked out the berries and grinned. Hermione and Draco stared at him  Draco looking very annoyed."I need this for the potion. I've been collecting them all night, you see." Theo then started showing all the mistletoe berries he collected from the night. "I should've stayed beside you too, I would've gotten one sooner," Theo said, walking away looking down at his bag of mistletoe berries."Theo, you idiot!" Blaise shouted, staring at Theo's retreating,The rest of the night went by uneventfully to Draco's surprise. Hermione seemed to be pretending that nothing happened or was about to happen before Theo disturbed them and instead continued chatting with him about the poor conditions of Demiguises in the country. Draco barely listened.They decided to retire for the night just as the clock struck midnight, with most of the guests have already left or were drunk and just dancing alone hugging an empty wine bottle (read Blaise Zabini). Draco decided to leave him despite Hermione's protest, telling her that Daphne would probably take care of him anyways. Just as they were getting their cloaks, Narcissa Malfoy, who looked like she was also leaving, walked towards them."Did you both enjoy the party?" Narcissa asked, putting on her gloves. "We did. I'm grateful Daphne invited me," Hermione answered since Draco didn't seem to want to talk."Well, she and her family are always the best hosts." Narcissa remarked, "By the way, are you two both free on the New Year? I'm having a small luncheon at the Manor," Hermione saw Draco stiffen from where he was standing. He stood a little away from them but still near enough for him to be able to hear the conversation."We'll check our schedule," Hermione answered looking back at Narcissa. The older witch looked at them knowingly before nodding saying that if they've made up their minds they should owl her. She floo-ed out first. Hermione and Draco followed."My parents are going to visit me tomorrow," Hermione said when they got back to his house. "I was supposed to visit them in Australia but after finding out I was in France they immediately decided to come here instead," she added walking into her room. Draco stopped and examined the scene. He didn't know what this was but it felt extremely marital. Hermione was in her room, probably changing out of her dress and still going on about her parents' visit which he was barely paying attention to. Wait, did she just invite him to join her?"Draco?" Draco looked up to see Hermione out of her heels but still in her dress."I'm sorry. I was thinking of something," Hermione looked at him pitifully like she knew what he was thinking. He doubted it, of course, because she'd wouldn't look pitiful if she knew that he was thinking about how domestic their whole situation is, and how comfortable it made him feel."Anyways, I thought you might want to join us for lunch. You can say no. They would understand that," Hermione repeated herself. Draco nodded, and then shook his head, indecisive."I'll" he stopped for a while before adding, "think about it."Hermione stood by her door as if trying to debate something. "If you want to talk about your mother, I have nowhere to be," she offered. Draco stared at her for a while before agreeing to talk about Narcissa Malfoy. He wasn't sleepy and besides, he wanted to talk to Hermione."The first memory I remember of my mother was when I was three" Draco started. He was still wearing his suit but Hermione had changed into her pyjamas. Draco brought out a blanket in case she felt cold and she cocooned herself with it while holding a cup of hot chocolate  like a little kid listening to a bedtime story. They were both sitting at the couch, Hermione had both her feet up, the cup of hot chocolate resting on top of her knees. Draco angled towards her, one arm rested on the head of the couch, propping his head up, one of his legs tucked under the other."I was a disobedient boy if you could believe it and my father always let me be," he continued. "Mum was out for the day visiting her parents and Father had allowed me to ride a broom in the garden. When she came back, I panicked and fell off my broom," Draco was laughing but there was something sad dancing in his eyes. "I thought she'd be mad, but she wasn't. She immediately just rushed towards me and nursed me back to health. Father was just busy bragging how well I was on the broom."Draco continued to tell the stories of his childhood, and Hermione listened. She told him her stories as well, and he particularly liked the story of how she detested going to the dentists despite her parents being dentists. They talked until the wee hours of the morning until they both eventually fell asleep on the couch.Draco woke up to a knock at the door. When he opened his eyes, he saw Hermione lying down on top of him with his hands around her. How did they get into this position? He wondered.He carefully extracted himself, making sure Hermione didn't wake up. She stirred when he started to stand up and Draco panicked hoping she wasn't awake. He looked down at her to see her only nestling herself more comfortably on the couch, wrapping the blanket more tightly around her. Draco could only smile.The knock at the door continued. Stretching his limbs, he swiftly went to check who was there. He wasn't used to someone knocking. Most of his visitors would just owl him first, or try to get through his fireplace.When he opened the door a couple was standing in front of his doorstep, as surprised to see him as he was seeing them. They looked somehow familiar though."We might be in the wrong house," the woman whispered a little too loudly. The man looked down at the paper with an address written on it and looked at the number beside Draco's door. "But Hermione wrote this address," he said. Draco's eyes grew wide realizing why they looked familiar. They were Hermione's parents."You must be Mr. and Mrs. Granger," he remarked. Hermione's parents looked at him awkwardly before nodding. "Hermione is still sleeping," he said.Hermione's father looked down at his watch and muttered, "It's already 10 am though."Draco felt awkward. He hadn't known how to handle muggle parents before. "We had a long night last night."Both Hermione's parents looked at him appalled. Only then did Draco realize how wrong his sentence must have sounded, "I meant we were at a Christmas party of one of our friends and came home late," he amended. Their stares didn't look less threatening but at least it didn't seem like they wanted to kill him that instant."I'll go and wake her up. You should probably come in," Draco said, leading them towards the kitchen. He then rushed towards the living room to wake Hermione up. She groaned the first time but ignored him. The second time he tried to wake her up, she simply turned over. For the third time, Draco removed his wand from his pocket and sprayed water on her face successfully waking her up.She glared at him threateningly. "Your parents are here already," Draco said, immediately stopping Hermione from throwing whatever verbal argument she was about to say.Hearing about her parents, she immediately got up and tried to make herself look respectable. "Why didn't you wake me up sooner?" she said through gritted teeth. "I was trying to," Draco argued.She sighed, shoved him out of the way, and made her way towards her bedroom."She'll be out shortly," Draco said walking towards the kitchen, "Have you eaten? I can order something for breakfast." Draco bit his cheek hoping they did have their breakfast already because 'to order' for Draco was asking Blaise to have his elf cook for Draco because he couldn't exactly summon an elf in front of Hermione's muggle parents. Also, knowing how they've left Blaise wasted the night before, he was probably still asleep. Maybe he could call Louis instead."That's alright, Draco. I'll order for breakfast," Hermione said behind him. She greeted her parents and he took this chance to retreat to his study."You never mentioned in your letters that you were living with a man," Hermione's mother said while preparing coffee for herself. Hermione blushed. She was actually hoping she wouldn't have to introduce Draco until lunch if he ever decided to join them. She shouldn't have slept in."I'm helping him with a project. He was nice enough to let me stay," Hermione answered sipping from her own cup of coffee.Her mother continued staring at her knowingly, "You're a grown woman Hermione. You don't have to explain," her mother said. "We still would've hoped we heard something about it first," she added making Hermione blush even harder. "Mum, it's not like that at all," Hermione tried to clarify but the knowing smiles of both her parents made her realize that they made up their minds about her relationship with Draco Malfoy."Though I would never have thought you'd start dating Draco Malfoy," her father said. She sighed, "People change I guess," Hermione whispered. "Also we're not dating," she remarked hoping that her parents would just believe her. They nodded but decided to just talk about how they were going to eat."Well, dear. I think we should just have brunch. Who would've known Hermione would have a long night last night," Hermione's father said, turning to her mother.Hermione spat out her coffee. Damn it, Draco Malfoy. She thought.With the insistence of his parents to invite Draco to lunch, ("We just want to get to know more about who you're living with, dear,") Hermione made her way to Draco's study assuming he was there.He was.She was going to say something, slightly opening the already ajar door when she stopped. Through the few months that Hermione stayed in Draco's house, she tended towards walking in on him in his study. She hadn't seen anything disturbing yet  glad that Draco never brought a girl over  but the mere fact that Draco looked so. normal usually threw Hermione off guard.Today, Draco had his sleeves rolled up exaggerating the muscles on his forearm. He had his glasses on and he was reading.Now, if Hermione was being honest with herself this wouldn't be as surprising as it should be but there Hermione was, standing in front of the door watching Draco Malfoy in all his splendor. And let her be damned, Hermione found Draco Malfoy attractive.She cleared her throat to catch Draco's attention and also to remove the thoughts running in her head.Draco looked up, surprised, glasses perched on his nose. "Yes?" he said softly removing his glasses to the disappointment of Hermione."My parents are asking if you wanted to join us for lunch?" Hermione said, trying to remove the quiver in her voice. She didn't want Draco to think she was nervous around him, not after how many months they've been working together."Well, I sort of have something to do for work," Draco said gesturing at his table. He wasn't actually planning to work but with Hermione preoccupied, he found he had nothing to do.Hermione would have insisted he come because her parents would insist that he come because who works on Christmas anyway, but she didn't say it. Instead, she said that she'll inform her parents and that she'll see him later.Draco let her go with a slight nod.When Hermione returned for the day after her lunch with her parents, Draco immediately pointed at the owl who refused to move or give him the note that was for Hermione. Without even removing her coat, she immediately approached the owl and checked the letter.She read over it before saying, "Harry's inviting you to a Quidditch game." Draco's ears perked at the invitation. Never in his life did he imagine that he'd be invited to a Quidditch game by Potter himself. "He also said you could invite other people. Apparently, they need more members if they want to play a full game."Draco immediately thought about Blaise and Theo though he wondered how that'll play out with Potter."Well, I would say you could always remove beaters. I never really saw the point in them in a Quidditch game," Hermione uttered."They add to the excitement, Granger. If you only have chasers passing around Quaffles without a challenge, the game would be boring." Hermione was about to say something about the sport already being boring but Draco, who seemed to know what she was going to say stopped her by asking who the confirmed players were."Harry, Ron, Ginny, George and Charlie," She read from the note. Draco thought for a while thinking who would be best to invite. "Well, we can have me, Blaise, Theo, and the Greengrass girls.""That'll still need two more players for each team," Hermione pointed out."We can always do two chasers and a beater," Draco remarked. "Or you can play?" he suggested playfully."Don't even think about it, Draco Malfoy. I won't be getting on a broom!" Hermione said storming out of the living room towards her bedroom. Draco heard a faint, "I'll tell Harry about your team choice," before he heard the door close.The New Year was fast approaching. Work on the potion had halted; Theo insisted that they enjoy the holidays. Hermione and Blaise both spent the free time with their families. The former had traveled back and forth to London from France to visit the Potters and the Weasleys.Draco spent his days cleaning up the mess in the house and tending to his garden. (Theo forcing him to the garden had some merits).When New Year's Eve came, Draco found himself yet again at the other end of an invitation from Hermione's parents to enjoy a play in the West End and have dinner with them afterward."It's New Year's Eve, Malfoy. Get out of the house for once," Hermione pleaded to lean over Draco's desk to distract him. He was distracted, alright."Granger, I have so much work to do," Draco answered."You're the boss of your own company. You can put that aside," Hermione complained."That's an abuse of power.""And you're just making too many excuses." Hermione huffed. Draco fought a snigger. He admitted to himself that Hermione Granger was pretty when mad."Alright. I'll come with you if" Draco said, putting up a hand, "You were a dress I'll buy for you."Hermione sighed, "Oh I hope it won't be too extravagant." Hermione whispered."Dress up for once, Granger. We are going to see a play."Draco stood in front of the mirror checking if he looked okay for this New Year's Eve celebration with Hermione's parents. He denied to himself that he was dressing up to make a good impression on her parents. Besides, they had already seen him when he just woke up. Him dressing up now would probably not change their impression of him. He insisted that him dressing up though was because they were watching a play. Draco heard that they dress up in those kinds of things.A few minutes passed by with him still tugging his polo before someone knocked on the door. Hermione stood there wearing a beige-colored halter dress, the bottom fabric flowed and settled just above her ankles. It showed off her beautiful shoulders and to add to that, she was wearing Draco's gift around her neck which she transfigured to be smaller.Draco had seen Hermione in a dress, more times than he thought he'd actually be able to if he was being honest but every time he did it left him in awe. Granger was beautiful and Draco had to admit that."Are you ready? My parents are waiting at the door." They were at Hermione's flat. She had insisted on preparing at her place just because traveling from France would take them too long, and she wanted to use muggle transportation given that her parents were muggles. Draco looked himself over again, not answering. He looked at Hermione and tugged at his vest."Well, how do I look?" He asked. Hermione eyed him carefully looking at every angle before saying, "Exceptionally ordinary," she teased.Draco didn't know if that meant that he looked acceptable but he couldn't ask Hermione to clarify anymore because she grabbed his hand and dragged him out already before he could rethink his choice of clothing.During the whole trip to the West End, Draco was stuck with Hermione's father while the two women talked in front of them. Currently, they were talking about muggle sports to which Draco had nothing much to say about but he let Mr. Granger talk."So you've never heard of golf?" Mr. Granger asked. Draco shook his head. "I've only ever played Quidditch," Draco said politely."You know Hermione never mentioned Quidditch. I did read in your funny paper that it involves riding on broomsticks," Mr. Granger remarked. Draco nodded and waited for a signal to talk about it. Mr. Granger bobbed his head as if to indicate that he would want to learn more."We do play it on broomsticks. Up in the sky, a few feet away from the ground," Draco explained nervously."Isn't it dangerous?" Mr. Granger asked."Well, we are taught to ride broomsticks in our first year at Hogwarts and only exceptional flyers can join a Quidditch team," said Draco."And how is it played exactly?" Mr. Granger asked.In the next few minutes, Draco started talking about the famous wizarding sport and talked about the mechanics of the game, the purpose of the different balls, and of course, the role of each player. He tried to talk about it in a way that a muggle would understand."Did you play Quidditch in Hogwarts?" Mr. Granger asked once Draco was done explaining. "I did until our fifth year. As a seeker," Draco bragged slightly."Were you any good?" By this time the two women had slowed their steps and walked beside the two men."What are you talking about?" Hermione asked. "Quidditch," Mr. Granger answered and Draco was proud he was able to pronounce it without a hitch. Hermione sighed."Don't corrupt my father's mind with that awful sport," Hermione complained to Draco. Mr. Granger though looked offended. "I must say it does sound very interesting," Mr. Granger argued. "I was only asking if Mr. Malfoy was good at playing the sport. He seemed to love talking about it,""He's good," Hermione answered for Draco. Mr. Granger eyed his daughter curiously. "If he focused more on not beating Harry, he would've been exceptional. I personally think that when Harry hadn't played in the fifth year was Draco's best play in Quidditch," Hermione remarked. She shrugged when he saw how her companions looked at her. Her parents looked amused and Draco looked surprised."Well, of course, that's entirely my opinion," she added, turning her face away from everyone. Draco snickered. He wondered how long Hermione had been watching him play Quidditch to have these conclusions about his skills"Do you think we can watch this sport?" Mrs. Granger suddenly mentioned which made Hermione look back at them. Draco smiled gleefully. "Well, Potter had planned a game the day after tomorrow. If you'd still be in England then, maybe you can watch it."Hermione would have insisted they not but they already looked excited at the thought. She sighed, mentally noting to owl Harry that her parents were joining her and Draco to visit.The countdown to the New Year was definitely awkward. Couples all around them were getting ready for their midnight kiss and Draco was there, still wondering if he should take a chance and kiss Hermione.10. 9. 8. The people started shouting. She shouldn't fault him if he decided to kiss her. It's a New Year thing anyway.7.6.5. He really should make up his mind, there were only 5 seconds left.4.3.2 Draco glanced at Hermione who was looking at the sky. Stars were abundant tonight in London, showering the city with light. But Draco thought that Hermione shined the brightest.1. He kissed her. She returned the kiss pretty quickly making him wonder if she had expected it. They broke off when they heard cheers around them and a camera clicking. Both of them looked up to see Hermione's parents trying to shove the camera back into their bag.Hermione blushed. Draco looked away."It's a Pureblood tradition," He tried explaining, "And purebloods are very strict in the following tradition," He added. Hermione had hoped he hadn't explained himself. I mean, muggles also had the same tradition, she wanted to point out. She didn't say anything though. Instead, she refilled their glasses of wine and continued to enjoy the stars wondering: "How will today affect tomorrow?"January 2002The next day, to Hermione's dismay, was completely normal. Draco went back to calling her, "Granger," and no matter how many times she tried to get more than a "Good morning," that morning, Draco just wouldn't notice her. He hadn't acknowledged the kiss, or even mentioned it.Nothing about it was brought up. Draco instead, acted like it never happened which frustrated Hermione to the point of her ignoring him too.They spent the rest of the morning, though both in the living room, not talking. It wasn't until an owl came flying in with Narcissa's note reminding them to lunch and the floo network was already calibrated for their arrival did they start giving each other attention."If you're too tired to go, I'm sure Mum will understand," Draco called out to Hermione who had already retreated to her room to change."I have to bring back her books anyway. Besides, I might be able to go through the library again," Hermione said gleefully."I know the Manor isn't ideally the best place to go back too," Draco started, "I mean with you. experience."Hermione peeked from her door at Draco, "I always wondered if your Mother remembers that." Hermione stopped for a while thinking of an appropriate word, "incident," she decided."I don't know," Draco said, "But we demolished that part of the house already before I left for France. I insisted that we should just redecorate it but she said it gave her too many nightmares. As far as I know Mum was planning to turn it into a greenhouse." He didn't mention that he had nightmares about that night too  how sometimes he'd wake up in the middle of the night still hearing Hermione's screams. Draco looked at her and noticed the scar at her neck where the blade of his aunt's knife cut through. A pang of guilt struck him feeling like it was his fault like it had always been his fault.Hermione tugged her sleeves up causing Draco to get out of his musings. "You ready?" Hermione asked.Draco nodded. He let Hermione go through first before following after her.As Draco expected, the luncheon would be held on the grounds. He felt his heart leap. Going back to Malfoy Manor after almost a year made his heartache. This was supposed to be his home and yet the only possible way he could enter was through an invitation."I'm glad both of you were able to make it," Narcissa said welcoming them both in front of the fireplace as if she had been waiting there the whole time."Is anyone else here yet?" Hermione asked. Narcissa smiled softly saying, "It's just three of us today," she pretended to sound sad as if they were the only one who accepted the invite. Draco had already realized that they were the only ones invited in the first place.Narcissa led them to the garden where a table for three was already set up, food already beautifully placed on the table.Narcissa Malfoy was a gracious host despite what Hermione had heard about her. Somehow, the whole lunch, though, was just about her getting to know Draco, and Hermione was just invited so Draco would come. It didn't bother Hermione but it did make her a tad bit sad. Draco knew all about Narcissa yet here was the older witch just getting to know her son that she didn't know was her son. It made Hermione determined to finish the antidote just so she can return this  the relationship between mother and son.As she was sipping her tea, listening to Narcissa and Draco's conversation about favorite subjects in Hogwarts, she saw something peek out of the bushes. It strutted its way towards the clearing and once it saw them, it spread its glorious tail making Hermione gasp. Draco and his mother turned to where she was looking at and both smiled."Is that a peacock?" Hermione said. Narcissa stood up proudly and started telling stories about her different encounters with the peacocks in the Manor. She talked about how the first time they got it, Abraxas, Draco's grandfather almost had a heart attack especially since the birds seem to not like him.After a few more stories, with a handful of laughs passed between them, Narcissa sighed, "I could never actually remember why we started collecting peacocks in the first place," she said. "I knew we loved having them around so I always thought there was a good reason for having them. It seemed like such an important thing to forget  a pity I don't remember," Hermione looked at Draco who was looking sadly at his cup of tea making Hermione think that the whole reason they had started collecting the birds was because of him. She leaned closer to him and patted the back of his hand for comfort. Draco offered her a gracious smile before putting himself back in the conversation, now talking to Narcissa about the cake shop beside the France Ministry which Narcissa swears serves the best strawberry shortcakes.When they got back to the house a few minutes after dinner, (Narcissa insisted they eat dinner with her since she kept them long anyways) Hermione was tired. She immediately went to her room to change and didn't say anything to Draco. When she got back out, she saw Draco at the balcony casting a spell.A wisp of white light kept shooting out of his wand, and he looked frustrated like he was trying to achieve something but he couldn't. She watched him trying for a while. Hermione noticed then that the wisp of white light looked oddly familiar. Was Draco trying to cast a Patronus?With another frustrated grunt from Draco, Hermione decided to make her presence known."Have you been there long?" Draco asked, a trace of red creeping up his cheeks feeling embarrassed."Oh no. I just got out of my room," Hermione lied. She didn't think Draco would appreciate it being found out. Draco nodded and offered the chair beside him for Hermione to sit on. She tightened her jacket around her when she sat down feeling the cold on her skin. A few minutes later, she felt warmer. Glancing beside her, she saw Draco casting a warming spell around him. It seemed that he didn't notice her stare because she continued muttering the spell underneath his breath.They stayed quiet for a while neither not knowing what to talk about. Draco was the first one to speak. "It felt nice" he started, "to talk to my mother again."Hermione knew how he felt. A few months after the war and everyone going back to their families there was an ache inside her because she couldn't really go back to hers. It took her a year to find someone who can help her restore her parents' memories. To erase someone's memories of a person was a difficult thing and Hermione knew she needed help. So she told Draco all of that, about her parents, about why they're in Australia after and the long process of getting their memories back. She told him everything because now, she felt that he deserved to hear it."I know it feels frustrating but we'll get her memories back of you, Draco. I promise," she said, making it her ultimate goal to do so."I kept thinking what if it's futile, what if there isn't an antidote," Draco admitted. Hermione was about to chastise him but Draco shook his head and smiled, "What can I say? I'm naturally pessimistic," Draco remarked."With everything that's happening recently it doesn't seem like such a bad thing, not to have an antidote," he said. Hermione looked at him curiously and urged him to explain. He took a deep breath before saying, "Everyone is treating me normally, as a person. They're treating me like I never made mistakes, that I never openly supported the Dark Lord." Draco stopped. He started playing with his fingers as if trying to distract himself from the thoughts he was having. "It just feels nice to not be treated by the mistakes you've made," Draco said."Draco," Hermione tried to say something. She understood of course. To be able to start afresh and not have all your life decisions placed above your head for people to judge you on. It was tempting, Hermione could admit to that."I've lived my whole life choosing the path that my parents have decided for me all because of a temptation of power that we don't even have now," Draco admitted. He sounded so broken, and so raw that Hermione someone wondered if he was actually drinking tea. "Merlin, Granger. How pitiful can I get?" Draco released a small laugh as if he was laughing at himself but Hermione knew he was trying to ease the tension that was forming between them."Draco, you're going through something big. It's not shameful to feel the way you're feeling," Hermione assured him.Draco sighed, "I kept thinking, if I wasn't cursed, then where would I be today?" He asked. "I wouldn't be having a lunch date with my mother; she'd probably have someone else over because she doesn't want to see me just because I remind her too much of my father. I wouldn't be watching a muggle play with your parents, or get invited to a Quidditch game by Potter of all people," he stopped, thinking of all the things that could've been different."I wouldn't be with you tonight," Draco admitted in a whisper."You don't know that," Hermione said.Draco shook his head, "Granger, don't pretend we'd be friends if you had a choice," Draco remarked."I did have a choice, Malfoy," she said, "I chose to help you. I could've walked out all those months ago but I chose you.""But if you had a choice" Draco repeated, emphasizing each word, "I would choose you again," Hermione interrupted.Draco stared at her, looked at her eyes, and tried to see if she was telling the truth. There was only sincerity in the way he looked at her."I've done things, Granger, bad things. I made choices that tainted my character. If all of these people really knew who I was, they wouldn't want me. They shouldn't want me," Draco uttered."But I want you, Draco," Hermione leaped, leaning closer to Draco and closing the distance between them. She kissed him, tried showing him that he wanted him no matter how broken he was. And he returned every kiss, allowing himself to be wanted."Hermione, are you home?" Hermione immediately jumped off of Draco, finishing the kiss. Draco stared at her surprised until he heard Hermione's parents call her again. He sighed."In the balcony, Mum," Hermione said, trying to hide any evidence that she was just snogging Draco Malfoy.Hermione tried to say something but ended up just leaving the balcony. Draco watched her go, wondering if he should say something but he ended up just sitting there until Hermione came back a few minutes later asking him if it was okay he took the couch."Let's just transfigure it to something much more comfortable. Mum and Dad are taking the guest room," she said, sounding almost guilty. Hermione was going to voice out that he could even sleep in her bedroom. They could set up something on the floor for him to sleep in but she couldn't say that because Draco was already agreeing to sleep in the living room."I'll see you tomorrow then," Hermione asked, red coating her cheeks. Draco nodded, "See you." Before Hermione could retreat to her room, Draco called out to her."Good night, Granger." He said. Hermione didn't greet him a good night back but she smiled and closed the door behind her.A/N Reviews are very much appreciated. Leave a follow or favorite if you want to :) 

January 2002Hermione rose from her bed the next day and the only thing in her mind was what happened the night before.She kissed Draco Malfoy.For the whole night, she tossed and turned, only thinking of what will happen in the morning. He kissed her in the New Year and she ended up kissing him last night. Two kisses in one day  how extremely irresponsible of her.In all honesty, she didn't know how to explain what she felt for Draco Malfoy. Yes, he was attractive  that was a given  but all this attraction towards the Slytherin was probably only because they've been spending every waking hour together since he sought out her help. Hermione knew that when everything goes back to normal, she and Draco might not even continue becoming friends. She would be lucky enough if he didn't go back to his old ways of treating her like an inferior."Granger," She heard him call from outside the room. She groaned, not believing that his voice would be the first thing she hears in the morning."I don't know if you're still sleeping, but your parents are telling me to wake you up for breakfast. You've been cooped up there too long, and we have a Quidditch game to go to," Draco said. "Anyway, wake up soon." Hermione could hear him walking away. She needed to face the day because facing today means facing tomorrow and facing tomorrow means living with the fact that she had to face Draco Malfoy every day.She was good at talking  she'll just have to talk to Draco Malfoy.When she walked out of the room, Draco was already dressed in a green jumper and trousers. Her parents were also dressed to leave while she was still in her pyjamas, probably looking like a mess."Are we going anywhere?" Hermione asked. Her mum looked at her and smiled, "We thought of eating somewhere in Devon, then walking to the Weasleys from there," Hermione's mother said.It took a while for Hermione to process the words before she eventually said, "Give me 10 minutes," She closed the door behind her and got ready.Draco stood a little away from Hermione's parents not speaking."Did she drink a lot last night?" Hermione's father asked him. Draco shook his head. "We had one glass of wine," he said."Between the two of you?" Hermione's mother asked, her eyes thinning in suspicion."No ma'am. We had one each," He clarified, coughing."I wonder why she woke up late then." Draco felt his cheeks flush but didn't say anything. He hoped that Hermione would come out soon because he didn't know what to do with the silence. Draco often prided himself as a sociable man, but around Hermione's parents, he was tongue-tied. In the silence, though, Hermione's father started looking around the flat. "Her interior looks similar to your home in Paris," He said to Draco. Draco's eyes widened. Decorating her flat like his home in Paris was supposed to be a small joke for Hermione. "I helped her unpack," he explained.Mr. Granger nodded, "She never talked about you. I never knew you were friends"Draco was about to say something but stopped when Hermione's parents stopped in front of the message that he left on Hermione's wall. He groaned silently cursing himself."Now, why would Hermione leave something like that written on the wall?" Draco felt himself panicking. He couldn't believe his little prank on Granger was coming back to bite him. He was about to wave his wand on the wall to banish the letters when Hermione walked out wearing a very pretty floral Sunday dress. Draco couldn't lie that she, in that dress, distracted him a bit and he was glad for the distraction."Shall we?" she asked. Draco just nodded, and Hermione's parents led them out.The ride to Devon was quiet. Draco, who was still awkward inside a car, was seated between Hermione and her mother in the back seat, while her father sat in the front. It was such an awkward experience. It didn't help that Mr. Granger started discussing Quidditch from the front seat without minding the fact that the cab driver probably didn't know anything about the sport they were talking about."So how exactly do the broomsticks keep you up?" Mr. Granger asked. Draco looked nervously at the driver who was pretending he wasn't listening, but Draco noticed the driver glance at him from the rearview mirror. "I don't understand the specifics of it," Draco lied."Must be in the magic then."When Mr. Granger looked out the window, Draco turned to glance at Hermione. Hermione just shook her head and shrugged. When her parents told her they wanted to get to know her world more, she didn't expect this to be the outcome.After lunch, they all headed towards the Burrow. It was a difficult journey and a long one. Hermione had to cast a spell to make sure they wouldn't get lost. She knew where the Burrow was but she never had to walk there before.Mr. Granger walked with Draco while Hermione led the way in front of them with her mother."Have you been to the Weasleys?" Mr. Granger asked. Draco shook his head, "This would be my first time," Draco admitted."So you're not friends with the Weasleys?" Mr. Granger asked curiously. "I only got to know them, recently. We weren't exactly friends in school," Draco didn't know why he felt nervous about the questions. It's not like he couldn't answer it. He didn't even know if he should lie. Mr. and Mrs. Granger knew who he was, and he didn't know how much Hermione had told them about him.As they were walking up a hill, with Hermione shouting at the front that she could faintly see the Burrow, Mr. Granger started walking slower. Draco had to match his pace with the older man. "Are you and my daughter seeing each other?" Mr. Granger asked, causing Draco to trip on his feet. He quickly recovered, muttering sorry under his breath. "We're." Draco started, "Friends," Draco just answered. He didn't know what they were, so saying they were friends was just the safest answer he could think of. Mr. Granger decided not to ask anymore when Hermione said they were there.When they got to the Burrow, Blaise, Theo, and the Greengrass girls were already there, standing a few yards away from the Weasleys and their families. Only Bill, Fleur, and Audrey, Percy's girlfriend, were talking to them."This must be Mr. Malfoy. You sure look like your father," Arthur Weasley addressed. Draco and Hermione's eyes widened.Sensing a mistake, Arthur immediately stuttered an apology, "I'm sorry. I just assumed that you were Lucius Malfoy's son. You look very similar to him," Arthur amended. Ron appeared behind his father and told him off about Lucius being Draco's cousin some number removed. "I've told you this already, Dad," Ron said.The Quidditch game started a few minutes after Draco was properly introduced to everyone. Blaise found this extremely amusing but Hermione's parents were confused as to why everybody had to learn about Draco again. Hermione only answered them by saying that she'll tell them later.Sue, Bill, Fleur, and Angelina decided to join the game. Sue and Bill were on Draco's team while the latter two were on Harry's. Draco decided to be Chaser, putting Theo as Seeker because Theo had an affinity for shiny things.It was hard to explain Quidditch to her parents when she was too distracted looking at Draco and worrying for her friends in general. She always perceived Quidditch to be a dangerous game and she just couldn't shake the feeling that Slytherins fighting with Gryffindors would cause a commotion. Hermione tried to tell herself that nobody knew Draco and everyone's memory of the other Slytherins were probably not so bad, or even nonexistent.The players decided to wear Quidditch robes that were transfigured to yellow and blue in order not to incite House rivalry. Harry's team got yellow, while Draco's got blue. Draco seemed happy with that and so was Hermione, surprisingly. She just couldn't see Draco looking good in yellow  not that that mattered anyway, she thought."So what are those hoops for?" Her father suddenly asked her, taking her eyes away from the players and looking at her father.It took a while before she was able to answer, seemingly not understanding the question at first, "Oh, uh," she stammered, "that's where the Chasers put the Quaffle in. Each goal is worth 10 points," Hermione said. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley sat beside Hermione on her left, but they were busy chattering with Audrey to pay her any attention.The game hasn't started yet, but Percy, who was forced to be the referee, was reminding everyone of the rules. "Just because this isn't an official game, doesn't mean you can do whatever you like," Hermione heard Percy shout to each team. After blowing a whistle, the teams got to their positions."And who are the chasers?" Hermione's mother asked. Hermione started pointing at the Chasers, "Angelina, Harry, and Ginny are the Chasers for the Yellow Team. Draco, Daphne, and Sue are the chasers for the blue team," Percy released the Quaffle and the game started."Do they have goal-keepers too?" Hermione's mother asked. "Yes, keepers. Fleur for the Yellow Team, and Astoria for the blue team.""And what are those fast-flying balls?""Those are bludgers, the Beaters' goals are to beat them away from players or towards players." Both her parents cringed at the last line, but Hermione nodded as if saying that was Quidditch. "Who are the Beaters?" They asked."Blaise and Bill for the blue team, and George and Ron for the yellow team.""So what do Theo and Charlie do?" Hermione's mother asked."Their job is to find the snitch. It's this little golden ball that flies very fast. If you catch that, your team is awarded a hundred and fifty points, and you end the game," Hermione answered.They continued like that throughout the whole game. With Hermione's parents asking questions and her answering.A little past an hour, Hermione heard Audrey scream beside her. She was looking at something behind Hermione. When Hermione turned, she saw a bludger coming towards them. She was about to incinerate the bludger, when someone came flying in front of them, whacking the bludger with a bat. When Hermione looked up, she saw Draco tossing the bludger's bat back to Blaise."Sorry about that, Hermione," George called out from a distance away. Draco looked at George scathingly before turning to Hermione. "Are you alright?" He asked."Yes, thank you." Satisfied with her answer, he flew away."What a great man, you have there, Hermione," Molly Weasley said. She felt the heat rise to her cheeks but she decided not to say anything.The Quidditch game ended with Theo catching the Snitch. Charlie let him keep it despite it being one of his just because Theo didn't want to let it go.January 2002After the new year's week, and Hermione's parents going back to Australia, they all went back to work. They welcomed the new year with new vigor and added motivation to find a solution to Draco's problem. Theo had left his job in Britain in Daphne's care and focused 100% on finding an antidote for Draco. Hermione was working double-time, flooing from Draco's place to Diagon Alley every day in order not to neglect her work in the Daily Prophet and also focus on finding a cure. Besides, Hermione had insisted to Theo that she needed to be there when the antidote was brewing. Blaise and Draco meanwhile decided to focus on their work seeing as their contribution wasn't that much needed in the brewing of the antidote.In the third week of January, they found a breakthrough. Theo was just adding the baneberry and telling everyone that once it sets after a few minutes, they could try it already."You know it's okay if we don't try it on you," Blaise said looking at Theo who was already pouring a bit of the potion into his coffee cup."It's fine. It's the least I can do," Theo answered, swirling his coffee. Hermione would've said that Theo was already doing a lot but she couldn't get a word in when he downed the contents of his coffee cup. Blaise stood nearby with bezoar just in case Theo accidentally poisoned himself.Nothing happened."Well?" Hermione asked. Theo looked at them, "I don't know if the effects would be immediate or gradual." Theo admitted. Hermione sighed, "Let's wait for a week to see what happens and if nothing happens we'll try again."They all nodded and went back to work, Hermione and Theo already working on possible adjustments to the potion just in case.A week later Theo stormed into the room sounding excited. "I remember you!" he exclaimed, "Well not really but I see silhouettes of you, like a shadow fleeting. You're in most of my memory now but sort of just a blur," He clarified."Maybe we should add more boomberries?" Theo told Hermione who was just walking out from the gardens after plucking out the baneberries and not knowing what was going on. "Yeah, I think that's right. Granger, will you help me?" Hermione looked to the kitchen to see Blaise and Draco as equally confused but followed Theo to the potion room anyways."In 5 seconds, add the dittany and then stir counterclockwise," Theo instructed. Hermione had a handful of dittany in one hand, already having weighed it, while the other hand was holding onto the spoon. She waited for Theo to count her down, "5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Now," Hermione dropped the dittany on the cauldron and subsequently started stirring. After 5 minutes, when the boiling stopped, Theo walked towards her, scooping out a portion of the potion and dropping it onto his cup."Cheers," he said before downing the contents of his cup again. He made a face before saying, "That tastes awful. Like mint in coffee," he gagged a few more minutes before downing a glass of water. "Let's see what happens again in a week,"The following week, Blaise took it upon himself to quiz Theo about Draco."When was Draco born?" Theo bit his lip trying to wrack his brain on any day that would signify Draco's birthday, "Early June?" Theo answered, "I remember being in the Malfoy Manor and the three of us played a prank on Lucius," Theo added. Blaise nodded in relief and put down the cue card he was holding to ask the next question."What was Draco's position in Quidditch in Hogwarts?" Blaise asked. Theo looked at Draco nervously who was watching them from his study, "He doesn't play Quidditch," he answered slowly. He saw the look on Blaise and Draco's face and quickly amended his answer, "Chaser!" he exclaimed, remembering Draco's position in their Quidditch during the new year. Blaise and Draco sighed. "He's a seeker, mate. Though he does play a good Chaser," Blaise clarified.Theo sighed. Looks like they had to tweak the potion again."Maybe we should add more sage? Or jobberknoll feathers?" Hermione remarked. Theo took a while to think about it. "Sage," he answered. "Sage is much more powerful." "I mean we can always add more mandrake," Theo made a face, "Though I don't think I'd want to get close to those things again let's try all three."The next few weeks Theo tried out three batches of the potion, he tried the potion with added sage on the first week, getting only a small result wherein he finally remembered who the blond hair guy that gifted him a set of how to take care of broomsticks was. The next week he tried the potion with added sage and added jobberknoll feathers. His memories with Draco were much more vivid, memories of them in the hallways and the Slytherin common rooms but never in classes. During the third week, Hermione brought in a pot of stewed Mandrakes, and a Neville Longbottom."Why is he here?" Draco asked. "He insisted," Hermione answered. Now that Neville had seen who Hermione was working with though he looked like he wanted to be anywhere but there."You didn't mention to me that you were working with Slytherins," Neville whispered to her."I did. I told you I was working with Theo Nott." Hermione said. "Yes but you forgot to mention Zabini," Neville hissed."Have a problem with me, Longbottom?" Neville jumped and looked behind him to see Blaise leaning onto a wall, grinning."Nothing," he tried to smile before following Hermione towards where Theo was."What do you need more stewed Mandrakes for?" Neville started looking around the room to see the ingredients that littered the tables, the floors, and the walls of the room. He noted the Jobberknoll feathers, the sage, the vervain infusion, and the dittany, "Are you brewing a memory potion?" Neville asked, but then he saw the billywig sting slime, and armadillo bile, "But those are used for the antidote of most potions," He looked at the table again to see only one cauldron being used and Theo cutting up the stewed mandrakes, while Hermione added essence of daisy root in the cauldron."What are you doing?" Neville asked impatiently, somehow knowing that what they're doing is new, and maybe illegal."An antidote," Hermione answered when Theo chose to ignore Neville."For what?""Advena"Neville dropped the bag he was holding, catching both Hermione and Theo's attention. "Please pick that up, Longbottom. We don't want contamination," Theo said before continuing to cut the stewed mandrakes.Neville wanted to ask why they were brewing an antidote for Advena but was somehow scared of what the reason was. He trusted Hermione but for her to be working with Slytherins whom he didn't trust on an antidote for an illegal potion made him wary. Still, he felt compelled to correct them. It was better to be safe than sorry."Well, you're doing it all wrong. You should add more snowdrops rather than stewed mandrakes. It'll act as a strengthener, and will permanently have a hold on the memories you're trying to restore," Theo and Hermione looked at Neville. "Professor Slughorn invited me to a small conference about potions and antidotes, and they talked about the antidote of Advena. Of course, it was all theoretical  the process and the ingredients. . You won't even need Billywig sting slime or baneberries." Hermione glared at Theo as if this was all his fault for not knowing these. Theo looked more annoyed than guilty that his ideas weren't the best. Sighing, he tapped his wand on the cauldron to empty the contents of it before they allowed Neville to continue. Neville removed a notebook from his bag where he had some notes and passed it to Hermione.Hermione flipped through the notebook until she found what they needed. The rest of the day constituted the three of them working on the antidote."If I get poisoned because of this, I'm going to haunt you, Longbottom," Neville gulped and looked at Hermione for help but Hermione was busy staring at Theo. The latter downed the whole potion (Neville said it'll only work if he drank the whole cauldron).Theo's head was screaming. It felt like there was a crack that opened at the back of his head and suddenly a barrage of information flooded his mind. The mix of pictures and sound was making him insane. Surely, this wasn't legal."Will he be alright?" Blaise asked, stepping away from his friend. Theo looked strange  a mixture of angry and scared.Neville chuckled nervously, "I just remembered that the intake of the potion must be gradual and not all at once especially for people who had a close relationship with the victim."Theo now looked deadly. He cursed under his breath followed by a string of profanities towards Neville. The latter decided to hide behind Draco when Theo started rising from his seat. Hermione, who had left for a while and then returned, shoved Theo back to his seat and passed him a glass of water and little circular things.All men looked at them warily and Theo refused to take it. "It's pain relief medicine," Hermione said, shoving it again. "I didn't want to brew a potion in case it has a bad effect on the antidote."Theo took one from Hermione's outstretched and examined it closely. "How do you take these?" Theo asked. "Place it at the end of your throat and let the water carry the tablets down," Hermione explained, giving him the glass of water. Theo tried once but ended up just throwing up the water and the tablet. He complained but Hermione insisted. Theo tried again, taking in a large amount of water and swallowing. He felt the ache in his head ease a bit as the medicine probably settled in his system."There. That wasn't too bad was it?" Hermione said. "That was terrible, Granger." Theo spat."Well then," Hermione clapped her hands together and stared at Draco and Blaise. Both men looked at her wondering what they should do. "Ask him something only the three of you would know," Hermione instructed. Blaise had a knowing smile on his face just as Draco was thinking of a question. Before the latter could speak, Blaise asked, "We smuggled a bottle of Ogden's into the common room after the Yule Ball. What was the only thing Draco was saying just after he passed out?" Theo smirked devilishly. Draco, though, already had his hand on his wand ready to hex his two best friends.Hermione stood in front of Draco stopping him from doing what he was planning to do. "We need to see what he has to say? What if the potion didn't work?" Hermione argued."Granger, you don't want to hear this." Draco insisted but Hermione stubbornly stood between him and Theo.Leaning back on his chair, Theo said, "He told us how beautiful Granger was in that dress of hers that night." Theo started. Hermione had looked away from Theo then and looked anywhere but at the four men surrounding her. Even with Neville there she suddenly felt embarrassed. She picked up the glass of water and started to excuse herself from the living room. "Oh, that's not the only thing he said, Granger. He even wondered how beautiful you would be out of your dress."With her face burning, she brisked-walk towards the kitchen. Before Draco can defend himself, Neville shot a Leg-locking curse at him. "That was completely unnecessary, Mr. Malfoy." Neville defended following Hermione to the kitchen. "I was young!" Draco shouted at the retreating figures of both Gryffindors. He sighed and threw a pillow at Theo. "Put your memory to good use and remove this curse from me!"Neville, who followed Hermione to the kitchen, was confused."Hermione," he started. Hermione placed the glass in the sink deciding to wash it later. She leaned back on the sink and listened to Neville. "Who is that man? They kept saying he was in Hogwarts with us but I don't remember who he is," He continued. "If he was in Blaise and Theo's gang then I would've remembered him. They sure gave me a hard time. Besides, his features are too striking to miss."Hermione sighed not knowing what to say. She then decided to wash the glass just because she needed to distract herself before asking, "Neville, what do you remember from school, especially with Blaise and Theo?""Well, they never really bothered anyone much. If they bothered someone, it had to be everyone. Either the whole school hated them or they were alright. Growing up, you realize that they were in for the joke of it. They were like the Weasley twins of Slytherin though don't tell them that. I don't want to be hexed," Neville proceeded to talk about the little antics that Theo and Blaise had done throughout the years in Hogwarts. An exploding toilet, (Hermione smirked because that was the only thing Fred and George couldn't do), hexing people, setting up an invisible rope at the entrance of the Great Hall for people to trip on."They've never removed it. We've always jumped on it every morning from our fourth year to the sixth. Imagine how amusing it was during the Triwizard Cup when the Professors realized that no one had told any of the representatives about the rope," Neville started laughing as he recalled the memory. "McGonagall wanted to expel them but Nott insisted that it wasn't their fault that nobody informed the representatives of the other school anything."Hermione looked at Neville curiously. She never had these memories and her memories with Theo Nott and Blaise Zabini were far less memorable."Were we ever afraid of them? Or suspicious that they were doing something dark?"Neville thought for a while then shook his head, "They were annoying yes, but they were never mean. I was afraid of them though, always thought they'd focus on me with one of their pranks but they never did. During the War, the Notts joined our side, and Zabini was, well anywhere but Britain." He explained. "Why are you asking me these, Hermione? Don't you remember?" Hermione chose not to answer. What she said though was just, "I remember different things."What scared her though is how intricate the potion was. She understood now why this was banned. It was too strong of a potion. It frightened her that they wouldn't be able to return everyone's memory the way it way.Theo had insisted they eat out. The potion had made him hungry, apparently and he wouldn't take no for an answer. Even Neville was invited despite Theo still being sour for him telling him to drink the whole cauldron. Blaise led them to a restaurant both visited by muggles and wizards, with the wizards occupying the top floor.Just as they were walking towards their table someone called Hermione. All of them looked at the person approaching; Hermione recognized it as Alexander Haywood.He looked happy seeing her but stopped and looked at everyone else around Hermione. It must have been a sight for Alexander, Hermione surrounded by three Slytherins and a Gryffindor all protectively standing around her.Alexander stammered before saying, "Has the book been useful?""Oh yes. Definitely. I'll return it to you soon," Hermione answered. Draco could see in her peripheral Theo stare at Draco with a small smirk which Draco ignored.Alexander smiled. "That's great," he stated, "Well, I best go back to my sisters. I look forward to meeting you again." He said before sauntering away."He seems like a good chap," Neville said.The other three snickered, each one of them telling her why they didn't like Alexander Haywood. Theo explicitly voicing out, "Alexander Haywood is a fraud," while pulling out a chair for himself.Draco especially had a gnawing feeling that Alexander Haywood was no good. He insisted on seating opposite Hermione to the delight of Theo and Blaise but Draco had other reasons. From his position, he had a clear view of where the Haywoods' table was.Draco didn't find anything strange with Alexander Haywood. He ate peacefully, often laughing alongside one of his sisters. Draco didn't know who was who but sitting beside Alexander, his sister with shorter hair didn't eat. She instead had her head forward, looking at something on the table in concentration. Seeing this, Draco immediately started reading her mind.Draco didn't like doing Legilimency on unsuspecting victims but he needed to and his actions were justified when he saw the Haywood girl rummaging through Hermione's mind. Draco could tell because it was Hermione's thoughts being reflected in her mind. Snape had mentioned to him during his Legilimency and Occlumency training that a Legilimens can check another Legilimen's mind while they were performing Legilimency.A skill that Draco had been necessitated to know was not to project the thoughts of the person he was reading the mind of to his head  a skill the Haywood girl wasn't taught. He wouldn't fault her. Draco was taught only the best and the most advanced by the best teachers. The fact that the Haywood girl can even go through Hermione's mind without looking through her eyes is already something to be proud of.Draco glanced slightly at Hermione seeing she was still concentrating on the menu. He went back to checking the Haywood girl's mind to see her weaving through Hermione's memories.What exactly was she looking for?Suddenly, a burst of white light flooded the girl's head catching Draco off guard momentarily. He was able to get back into her mind realizing that the Haywood girl finally saw what she was looking for, or at least a part of it because she kept digging. Draco proceeded to go to Hermione's mind instead, planting wall after wall on her memories. He kept her eyes on the Haywood girl as he did this, wanting her to know that he was on to her.Draco saw her groan in frustration. She started looking around and suddenly caught his eyes. He sat unmoving, still building walls around Hermione's memories. He should probably tell Hermione later what he had done but what's important now is that her memories are safe. The Haywood girl looked away from him and he tried to see if she was going through any other mind in the table but she had already built a wall around her mind. Draco could get through it but it was difficult. The Haywood girl may not be as talented as he was in Legilimency but she was still good.Throughout the lunch, Draco flitted through the minds of the people around the table seeing if the Haywood girl was checking in on their thoughts. Draco released a sigh of relief when they left, finally able to enjoy his lamb chops.Theo and Blaise decided to go clubbing for the night but the Legilimency tired Draco out so he decided not to join them. Neville had to go back to Hogwarts, and Hermione didn't have anywhere to go so she decided to go back to the house with Draco."This day is exhausting and it's barely nightfall." Hermione groaned crashing onto the sofa. "You have to learn Occlumency, Granger," was what Draco responded. Hermione sat up and stared at him."What gave you that idea?" Hermione asked."One of the Haywood girls was reading your mind during lunch," Draco admitted."You were in my head?""No, I was in theirs!""Draco!""Hermione?""That's extremely rude, going into someone's head like that and not telling them," Hermione explained."Well tell them that. They were in your head" Draco defended.Hermione sighed, crossed her arms in front of her, and started thinking. She was quiet for a while, eventually saying, "On one condition,""You and your conditions," Draco muttered."You teach Occlumency, and I teach you how to cast a Patronus," Hermione said."I don't understand how that is beneficial to me at all," Draco argued."It doesn't. I just like a good barter." Hermione said, shrugging.February 2002"So, first," Hermione placed a cup of tea in front of Draco and sat down on the couch beside him. He looked at the cup curiously. He thought he was learning the Patronus Charm? Does the tea calm you down enough to cast it?Ignoring his questioning stares, Hermione started talking about what he needed to do. "Dementors feed on happy memories until they just leave you with nothing but fear. Now, a Patronus is something that is made up of happy memories, which then shield you from the Dementor. They can also be very helpful communication devices but I'll teach you that later," Hermione said. She pulled her feet up, becoming comfortable on the sofa."To cast a Patronus you have to think of a happy memory. A very strong happy memory. Something that when you think about it, you can feel only joy," Hermione started. She looked at Draco expectantly, and said, "Now, let's talk about your happy memories."Hermione waited for Draco to respond but he was quiet, looking like he was in deep thought."I'll start then. I told you how scared I was when I first tried to go to the dentist. Well, after that my parents bought me this large strawberry shortcake. I was never allowed too many sweets but Mum and Dad excused me that day and let me eat the whole cake. That was the best memory I think of as a kid," Hermione said. Draco smiled imagining little Hermione just stuffing herself with cake. "So is that your happy memory?""No. But I thought it would be nice to just talk about happy memories before we talk about that memory," Hermione answered, "You don't have to tell me what that memory is. Sometimes the best memories are the most personal, so I understand if you decide to keep quiet. I just thought that if we set the atmosphere, it'll be easier for you to remember the things that make you happy."Draco nodded, "I'll share a happy memory then."He shifted on the couch facing Hermione. "Father brought me to Diagon Alley on my 11th birthday to get my first wand. I was so excited. Once we got home, I begged him to teach me a spell. You know what he taught me. A color-changing spell and I used it on all the peacocks. Grandmother almost had a heart-attack seeing the peacocks strut the gardens of the Manor wearing different colors," Draco recalled. Hermione found herself laughing. They continued like that, interchanging stories. Hermione followed by talking about her first trip to Venice with her family, and she almost fell off the gondola. Draco then talked about a Christmas day, a few months before his grandfather, Abraxas, died. He was worried about how his father had not smiled for a while, so he created this whole presentation during Christmas where he sang about the love of a father to a son and wanting only great things for him, successfully getting Lucius to smile, and even sing along with Draco. Draco breathed in calming himself after laughing at Hermione's tale of the time she chased a monkey around the zoo."I think I know what my happiest memory is," Draco started. "It was just after the third year. Mum was worried about Father. He seemed tense and no one knew why. So Mum decided to take us to her family home in France," Draco looked around the house knowingly."This house?" Hermione answered. Draco nodded. "We spent a whole week with just the three of us, catching up on stories we haven't told. Reminiscing on all the forgotten memories. We did all the traditions we missed doing. I even got Mum to make me my favorite chocolate drink." Draco was smiling now as he reminisced the whole week from the first day to the last. Hermione had a small smile on her face, but she felt her heart clench at how heartwarming it all was. She had never met Draco's family before, but she knew that they put a lot of importance on family and that they were willing to do anything for each other. There was love there  a lot of love. "It was the last time I felt like a normal family with them," Draco recalled. The smile faltered a bit, "After that, I rarely saw them in the same room. With the Dark Lord coming back and father wanting me to quickly learn the Dark Arts, and Mum not wanting anything to do about it."He sighed. "Whenever I try to persuade myself we were a perfect family that's the memory I remember because it was real. That at least once in our life, we were a perfect family."Hermione smiled at him proudly, "Well, keep that memory in your head. I'll teach you the incantation now."It took them a few hours before Draco was able to remotely create a wisp. Hermione had encouraged him all the way and assured him he was faster than most she knew.At the stroke of midnight, Hermione decided to stop."Let's try again tomorrow," Hermione said. Draco nodded and pocketed his wand. He waited for Hermione to go to her room and waited for a few more minutes until he was sure she was asleep before he tried again.Occlumency training came easier to Hermione than Patronus training did to Draco. Maybe because they didn't think about specific memories or the fact that Hermione had so much he wanted to hide from Draco than keeping her memories secret was so much easier.They were in the living room continuing training, Draco sitting in front of Hermione, focused and sifting through her mind. "Stop looking away, Granger!" Draco instructed. Hermione blushed, whispering, "You're intimidating," Draco stopped going through her mind and stared at her."If you keep looking away, you lose concentration and your walls crumble," Draco said. "Now, look at me and focus." But before they could start again, the floo chimed, welcoming Blaise in.Blaise stared at them, and at the position they were in, sitting close together with Draco leaning forward, as he dusted soot from his clothes."I can come back later if I'm interrupting," he said but Hermione quickly got to her feet."Well, that's my cue to leave," Hermione said, summoning her book bag and her cloak."Where are you going?" Draco sounded annoyed. Hermione didn't know if it was because she was leaving or their lessons got cut short. "I am meeting Pansy for an article she's writing about the romantic relationships of the Golden Trio," Hermione flipped her hair back as she put on her cloak. "It's for Valentines," she explained, seeing the knowing looks both men sent her way.Hermione started buttoning her coat muttering, "To be honest, I don't even know what she'll write about me. It's not like I'm in a romantic relationship," She laughed; nobody laughed with her. She sighed through the awkward silence then proceeded to excuse herself as she floo-ed towards Diagon Alley."She's jumpy," Blaise commented, sitting down at the empty wingback. "And don't you have a relationship? Why is she saying you don't?" Blaise asked.Draco shook his head. "We just kissed," he said.Blaise scoffed, "Yes because friends kiss each other a lot.""It was one time."Blaise shook his finger at Draco "twice  the same day," he corrected.Before Draco could hex him, Blaise changed the topic by asking what they were doing before he came."I was teaching her Occlumency," Draco remarked. Blaise raised a brow in question, sitting comfortably on the chair he already claimed was his."One of the Haywood girls was going through her mind when we were eating the other day. I thought it was appropriate to teach her," Draco explained."Do you think the Haywood girl is involved?" Blaise asked."I think the whole family is," Draco admitted.Blaise released a thoughtful sigh before asking, "What do they have against you?"Draco shrugged. "I don't think there is anything. I think someone instructed their help. The Haywoods are known for their prowess in potions." Draco said.Blaise nodded."Well, whoever did this to you is checking on Hermione and maybe knows our progress. Do you think they'll come for her?" Draco thought for a while in silence. This silence was enough for Blaise an answer because he didn't press any further. Draco, though, started to worry for Hermione.The only thing running in his mind as Blaise chattered on this new restaurant was that he hoped that Hermione would be safe from all this. She was in too deep already and Draco just hoped it doesn't cause her anything.A/NSorry for the lack of updates the past week. We have typhoons so there had been constant power interruptions.In line with that, I am planning to maximize my social media platforms to inform people of updates or lack of. I'll update both on tumblr and on instagram. So if you want to be updated you can follow me in either. I'll post the links on my profile.Also, I would very much like to thank the two guests' reviews on the last chapter that pointed out some mistakes in my writing. I'm not a native English speaker so learning new things is always great.Anyway, I hoped you enjoyed this chapter.
