Hello, I'm whereweleftoff. I lost access to my old account, under the username Emperor Sunny, and am revamping and rewriting my popular(or, at least WAS popular, Twins Potter story. This is a complete rewrite of the story with new and improved beginnings, cutting out the ridiculous humor and giving it a more gritty feel. I hope you enjoy...."The first casualty of war is always the truth."-31 October, 1981 9:30 p.mThe cold autumn wind blew silently across the streets of Godric's Hollow upon the late hours of October 31st, 1981. Most of the younger children celebrating Hallowe'en had long left the cooling streets in favor of warm beds and various free treats. The cloaked man walked down those streets at a stride, with purpose.Two birds, one stone. The prophecy claimed that the one with the power to destroy him was born at the end of July, and both the Longbottom child and Potter twins were thusl born at the end of July. He would kill the Potter boys first; he already knew their location due to the treachery of one who they considered a "friend".What an ignorant social concept, friends. What were they good for? Nothing. There were enemies, and pawns, and to open yourself to pawns any more than necessary was antithetical to to garnering power.A straggler from the trick-or-treating passed him on the road and turned back."Nice outfit, Mister!" the child exclaimed. Tom Marvolo Riddle turned and gave the boy a blank, indifferent look from beneath his cloak. Upon seeing his face, the little boy gasped in terror and ran away, slipping on the leaf-covered road as he retreated.Tom Riddle. The very name he had tried to leave behind. Yes, he was Lord Voldemort now, the greatest of all Dark Lords. Greater than Grindelwald, more feared than Emeric the Evil, more powerful than Godelot, more talented than Herpo the Foul, more dedicated than Vladislav. Yes, he would be more renowned than even Vlad the Impaler; that foul, half-human, half vampire that killed so many wizards and Muggles alike.He wouldn't have been surprised if he already was. He already had turned his very name, Voldemort, into a sound that was to be feared; a Taboo. His Dark Mark invoked desperation and terror into the hearts of the wizarding families who found them hovering over their once "happy" homes.He was immortal! He had conquered death but still things had come his way; testing him, stretching him and challenging him to live true to his calling card. This prophesied child, this "one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord" was just another barrier between him and his ultimate quest to leave the name "Riddle" behind. And like any other barrier he encountered, he would shatter it, no matter how much the two infant rats cried...."If you stand for nothing, you will fall for anything."James Potter laughed along with his beautiful wife Lily as their twin sons, Harold and James played with their parents' wands. This, the elder James felt, was a miracle, as his parents died at the hands of some Death Eaters only one week earlier. He and his parents were very close, and their deaths came like a shock to the system, but not a surprise. Dumbledore ordered them into hiding, and Voldemort wanted James and his wife dead. What better way to get him to come running from the under the blanket than a chance for revenge?James felt a wave of sickness and hatred as he thought of how his beloved parents died. Potter Manor's wards shattered. Fleamont and Euphemia Potter tortured, stripped naked, and hung by their ankles outside of Hogsmeade… his mother and father publicly humiliated in death.He was thankful that Lily had talked him down. He'd always known that she was the "one" for him, but it somehow still amazed him how the woman could be his everlasting voice of reason. In fact, the night she gave birth to not the expected one son, but the twins, he swore she never looked more beautiful. After seven hours of despair, pain, worry, and her threatening to use certain spells to cut off his "little boys," with her hair wild and tangled, her face relaxed and exhausted from pain, covered in sweat, she looked less like a woman who just pushed two six pound babies out of her stomach and more like an angel sent from heaven.She gave him something he felt he couldn't give her back- a family, eternal love, and a purpose to live; despite the loss of the two most influential people in his life. Lily's soft giggle pulled James out of his reverie and back to his two handsome young sons.By some stroke of luck, Harry had made his small, stuffed toy duck orbit around his head with his mother's wand. He giggled and tried to grab it with his chubby little fist as it soared around the crown of his head. Meanwhile James had managed to transfigure his father's shot glass into a bouncy ball and was dribbling it off his brothers back."James Dean, that's not nice," James Sr. jokingly admonished. The boy grinned a gap-toothed smile and threw the ball at his father, who was surprised that upon skillfully catching it, it was already turned back into the shot glass. He turned the tumbler around his hands, admiring the moving text of Ogden's Firewhiskey. "It looks like we have a future Chaser in the making!""And if Harry can learn how to catch that damnable duck, maybe we'll have a seeker too!" Lily laughed."Oh, not the whole, 'I'm a Chaser, I'm more important-No, I was a seeker, I'm more important' talk again…"Lily's soft, wholehearted laugh filled his heart with joy as she shifted to better watch James and Harry."I still don't understand why you wanted to name him James Dean. Where did that come from?" Lily asked, trying, and failing, to get over the fact that James Sr. wasn't mad that his son had thrown something like that at him. She merely shook her head and thought to herself; 'That's just James, always the consummate weirdo who could find the most infuriating things hilarious.'"I told you, Lils, I thought it was cool. I know I've heard it before, and I thought the name sounded rad.""Rad? What are you, twelve?""Ye-"James affirmative was cut off by a crash and a flash of light outside the front door. Quickly getting off the couch and looking out the window, what he saw made his heart stop. "Lily, he's here.""Who, Sirius? Well, James, let him in, it's not the end of the world!" Lily joked."No, Lil, it isn't Sirius, it's him. HIM! Take James and Harry, run! Don't look back! I'll hold him off!"...A great war leaves the country with three armies - an army of cripples, an army of mourners, and an army of thieves.~German ProverbIf Voldemort had a sense of humor, he would have smiled, maybe even laughed at the Potters' attempts to save themselves. The father stood at the base of the stairs, wandless. A look of determination laced with fear crossed his face."You'll never get away with this. Someday, someone will make you pay for all the lives you've taken. The lives you have ruined," the father spat."Shut up," Voldemort replied as he raised his wand. Potter let out an enraged roar and charged. He tackled the Dark Lord as a flash of green light struck him in the chest, freezing the look of rage on the man's face as he fell to the floor atop the Dark Lord.Voldemort regained his footing and looked down at Potter. Taking his foot and rolling the dead man's face back and forth, he growled, "So weak." Voldemort never heard the groan escape James mouth, and without a second glance, he trekked up the stairs Potter had so pathetically attempted to guard. He glided through an open door and into the lighted room. The two boys were on the floor, looking confusedly between the cloaked man and their wailing mother. "Please don't kill them, please, I'll do anything!""Step aside, girl! Step aside and I'll let you live!"The twins obviously thought that this was a practical joke, something they sub-consciously knew their humor-loving father loved to do. They laughed and screamed "Dada!" At any moment the man would take off the black hood, and their father and mother would share a laugh and sing them to sleep. Or so they thought…"Please, take me instead, just leave them alone. Leave them alone, you monster!"His high, cold voice broke the first impression that the two boys had upon the situation. Their mother in distress caused the twins to lose it; soon their wails filled the house as Voldemort raised his wand and issued his final warning; "Move or die!""NO! LEAVE THEM ALONE!""AVADA KEDAVRA!" With a flash of green light, Voldemort watched what he thought was the life leave Lily Potter's body as quickly and surely as it did her husband's. With a triumphant air he strode to the boys and pointed his wand at the first. This was his defining moment; this so called prophecy, this goblin on his back, would be negated. And with this act of murder, no one would dare question his authority again.The tip of his wand glowed green; the curse sailed the two feet of distance between it and the boy's forehead in an almost slow motion sequence. Voldemort let loose a cry of victory that quickly turned into a roar of pain.An inch, a mere inch of distance away from the child's face the curse rebounded upon Voldemort and exploded. The roof blew away in a storm of tile, plank and toothpick. The boy who was targeted, Harry, was blown across the room as a lightning bolt-shaped cut bled profusely.Voldemort could feel nothing but pain. He watched in terror as his body disintegrated before his very eyes. With naught but the remnants of his soul, Voldemort blindly and thoughtlessly flew into the night.Meanwhile the explosion caused the floor to fall out from underneath James. With a cry he fell to the ground floor and the only thing that kept him from crushed on the floor or skewered upon a rogue plank was his father's wand, which, held tightly in his hands, had turned said plank into a mass of soft, warm blankets...."To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic."-Alphonse de LamartineThe fact that only she saw the house explode in a dazzling display of venomously green, electric light caused Sister Agnes Fishburne much distress. Well, she wasn't the only one, but the ones that did ran back to their homes screaming at the top off their lungs, wanting nothing to do with this most unfortunate event.But what alarmed her most was the large, sparkling green skull and snake hovering above the homes' rooftops.Convinced though she was that the devil himself had tarnished the residents of this particular house, and she was by far not the most trained in exorcism, she knew she had to help somehow. Agnes stumbled up the walk and gasped at the way the wrought-iron gates were blown away. It was odd, she thought, that it was smashed towards the house, rather than away.The cries of a child lured her from her observations and she hiked up her habit's skirt and ran towards the source. There, inside the ruined cottage at the foot of the stairs and surrounded by broken lumber, huddled no more than a few steps from what had to be the body of his father, was an infant boy tucked in a soft pile of blankets. Agnes grasped the crucifix at her neck and whispered a grateful prayer to Christ that the boy miraculously survived. She carefully took the child in her hands, looked him over for injury, and knelt over the father, who didn't move and felt cold. Dead, she thought, horrified. She bounced the baby on her hip and looked around the ruined cottage, mortified, before looking back at the child. She noticed him holding a stick of wood firmly in his right hand and a name tag on his dark blue sleeping shirt; James Dean Potter, Jr."Oh, you poor thing," she crooned. His black hair was tussled and his face was all red from crying. His lip was bleeding, probably from a sharp piece of flying wood. Agnes wiped the blood, tears, and snot from his face on her habit as she whispered to him soothingly. "Hush now, little Jimmy, you're all fine, hm?"Almost as if he understood what she said, his face broke its frown and he grabbed the silver crucifix around her neck."Do you like it? It's a sign of our Lord and savior, he must have saved you! Are you thanking Christ?"The answer came when he yanked hard on the chain and blew a raspberry. "Oh, well you saved yourself then? With what, a broken stick of wood?"Then she took a closer look at it, noticing the the intricate carvings and masterful way it had been cut. "My word, this isn't a piece of wood... is this a wand? What the devil…" Upon trying to get a hold of it to observe it closer, his little fist gripped it as if his life depended on it.Giving up trying to look at the supposed wand, Agnes took a look out the window, and, noticing that no one else was coming to this desecrated home to help, tuttered to herself in a moment of doubt. She had no idea what happened here, but she could feel the vile aura of evil exuding from the house. Swallowing hard and taking one last look around, one last look at the child's dead father, one last look at the foreboding green skull and snake sneering down at her through the shattered roof. No one was coming to help. It had been a good ten minutes since the house had exploded, and there weren't even the sound of police sirens.Agnes looked upon the odd child one last time. His wispy black hair flicked with the cold, October evening breeze, and he hiccuped before burying himself into her bosom, trying to get warm. The old catholic nun really didn't see any other option, and made fate-altering decision for the child. She took the boy and left, quickly, before any more demons could come and finish the job...."Man can live about forty days without food, about three days without water, about eight minutes without air, but only for one second without hope"-Author UnknownJames came to as he felt a hundred needles pierce his skull, dragging him out of unconsciousness. His whole body felt like it'd been ran over by the Hogwarts Express and his vision blurred, intensifying his headache. 'What did I drink and how much?'"Dada," the voice of the hand-shaker babbled."Five more minutes, mum…""Dada!""Wah…?""DADA!""AAAHHH! I'm up, I'm- Harry?" James looked around confusedly, but when he noticed half his house blown away and the sound of his son's voice woke him up comletely."Oh Merlin…" He darted up the ruined stairs, panicing. "LILY!"Flying into the twins room, his Auror-trained eye scanned every inch, analyzing and criticizing every inch in the whole of three seconds. Harry sat there on the broken floor, looking dazed and confused. The baby's bed had been snapped in half, with what looked like half of it falling into the ruins on the ground floor. His other son wasn't with Harry, most like fallen through after... whatever the hell happened. What he saw next shattered his whole world. His wife was there, on the ground floor, impaled by a plank of wood, moaning in pain."LILY!"...On a sunny day in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight.With their backs turned they faced each other, drew their swords and shot one another.A deaf cop heard the noise, came running and killed the two dead boys…"LILY!?""Uhn… what?" Lily Potter' head swam as she opened her eyes. Her blurry vision cleared and faded to the drum beats her heart was pounding in her skull and with each thump her headache worsened. She rubbed her temples and forced herself to sit up, but collapsed as she felt pain searing through her abdomen. "James? What happened?"Over the muted snare drum pounding her brain she heard James stumble through the door way from the living room(when did she get back onto the main floor?), a strangely quiet and dazed looking Harry on his hip (or was it Jamie?) Her vision blurred to almost black, but she was certain that she had not closed her eyes."Oh- oh Merlin's beard, Lily! Oh God, oh no… where's James? James! JAMIE! Lily, where is James!?""James? What is wrong?""What's going on?" a new, barking voice called out. "Prongs? Lily!?""Sirius?" Lily heard her husband shout back, distressed. Her vision had blacked out again, but Lily was sure her eyes were open..."Yeah!""Sirius, help me!""James, what's- oh, Merlin's beard."Somehow, Lily managed to move her arm across her stomach, and almost threw up when she felt something warm, wet, and sticky coming out of her navel. She didn't need her eyesight to know it was blood, and her own at that, and something sharp. "Why am I bleeding?""Siri, take Harry, look for Jamie, he's missing! Ask around town, search the woods, call the cops! Owl Mad-Eye! And Dumbledore! I'm taking Lily to Mungo's! Got that?""James! Why am I bleeding? Where is Jamie! Answer me!""Shh, sweetie, don't talk. I'm taking you to St. Mungo's. Just hold on, Lily. Please hold on."And with the words of comfort from James, her entire world went black……5 November, 1981 4:01 p.m.The first thing Lily Potter felt as she woke was pain. Her stomach felt like it was on fire and she almost screamed from the feeling. Her face contorted from the effort and after a few moments, the sensation started to fade away. As she calmed down, she began to get a feel for her body and suddenly she wished she was feeling the unbearable pain in her abdomen again."Oh, you must be awake. My name is Timothy House, Healer. I'm your happy little attending resident here in St. Mungo's Intensive Care Unit," a dry, almost uncaring voice drawled from her bedside."I can't feel my legs. Why can't I feel my legs!?" she screamed. She opened her eyes and looked at the doctor. He looked remarkably like a Malfoy, with his cold, gray-blue eyes and tall, thin body. His face was seemingly cut from marble. The only reason she knew he wasn't a Malfoy other than his name was the fact that his eyes were wide and open, not the signature slitted, narrow orbs of the Malfoy lineage. He also didn't seem to conform to the typical dress of a Healer, and thus the standards of a Malfoy, as he was wearing not the typical white robes of a Healer, but rather a muggle style outfit with a black button down shirt, jeans, and loafers."That would be because of the plank of wood that sheered through your spine," House pointed out, as if this was common knowledge. "You see, whenever the spinal column is sev-""Oh, shut it, smartass! What in Merlin's name happened to me?" she asked as she glanced across her room. There were flowers, stuffed hippogriffs, and various other colorful well wishing gifts with cards placed across the room. One of them, a Quidditch-themed, stuffed sphinx with a miniature flying model of a black and yellow flyer on a broom announced quietly, "Get well soon, Lily, and wake up! Signed Dearly, Ludo!""You were attacked, by He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Somehow you survived a killing curse. Somehow your cottage blew up and you were impaled in the abdomen by a two-by-four, which severed you spine. The emergency Healers worked hard and repaired most of the damage, but I don't think you're going to be partaking in the Tour de France any time soon.""And my husband? My boys?"All of a sudden, Albus Dumbledore appeared at the door to the room. "Oh, Miss Potter, you've woken. I believe I can answer your questions, Lily. Healer House, if I may have a moment alone with the Mrs. Potter?" Dumbledore asked."Sure, I can just do my daily standard check through at sixteen-hundred hours at sixteen-thirty.," the asinine Healer remarked sarcastically. "Or, you know, later. The director is going to-""Thank you, Timothy, I most appreciate it. I know you never follow Madame Eddely's orders most of the time anyway, so I'm sure she'll understand. Now Lily," he started as a disgruntled House left the room. He took a seat at Lily's bedside before starting. "You and James have survived a horrible ordeal-"All of a sudden, the memories from Halloween flooded back to Lily. Voldemort, James, dying… "Oh God, Harry! James Dean!""Harry is fine," Dumbledore soothed, patting Lily's forearm. "He is staying with your sister Petunia and her husband, Vernon, while you and James recuperate," Albus explained, completely neglecting to mention anything about James Dean. Lily could feel a sense of dread on the coming subject. Voldemort killed her other son, or kidnapped him or…"And Jamie? Please tell me he didn't get Jamie!"Dumbledore sat back in his chair and heaved a heavy, defeated sigh. "I'm afraid James Dean has gone missing.""WHAT?!" Lily nearly bolted off her bed. "That monster kidnapped my baby?!""Possibly, but I think that is an... unlikely prospect. You see, Voldemort has disappeared, Lily. His followers are in complete disarray. I wonder, do you remember what happened?"Lily, looked down, shaking her head in disbelief. "I remember him showing up. James telling me to run. I don't know why, but I ran upstairs rather than outside. My... my babies and I were in the nursery. I heard him... I heard him kill James. Then come upstairs, following me. He told me to move, to let me kill them... he promised he'd let me go if I just moved, but I didn't..."Dumbledore patted her hand sympathetically, and didn't push her to continue as the tears ran down her cheeks. He let her get her thoughts in order as Lily replayed the worst night of her life.He used the Killing Curse. Hit me here," she knocked against her breast bone. "Right in the chest. It was... painless. It didn't feel like anything, honestly, but I did pass out. Next thing I remember was James, waking me up and my vision kept blacking out.Dumbledore looked in her eyes imploringly, but she shook her head. "That's... all I remember. I'm sorry," she sobbed as she attempted to choke back her emotions. "Do you think he's dead?""I'm not sure, Lily," Albus soothed, taking her smooth-skinned hand into his weathered old one and gently squeezed."Okay," she breathed. Tears rimmed her eyes as she struggled to remain calm. "I'm fine. I am fine. I'm a paraplegic, I lost my eldest son, I'm only twenty-something, wait, how old am I?""Twenty-one," Dumbledore answered with a small, sad smile."Twenty-one! I'm only twenty-one, but I'm fine. I'm fine."Deciding to distract her from herself, the Professor veered back to the Dark Lord. "Voldemort, I think, is not dead. He is a powerful wizard who is well… versed in the dark arts. I think he has lost most of his power and his body, but I fear he is still alive and, for the most part, well. Now, the rest of the Order and I are working overtime trying to locate him and track down the remaining Death Eaters."Latching on to Dumbledore's distraction, Lily jumped at the chance for a better explanation. "So you think somehow he is out there, plotting a return?""Yes," he answered softly. "I am certain of it.""And how exactly did this happen? Why aren't James and I dead? There isn't a spell known to man that deflect the Killing Curse.""Ah, I did some research to find out why something so phenomenal would happen. It turns out that the original Lord Potter, Armand, performed some rather intricate and truly wonderful magic to protect himself, his heirs, and his wife, Corvina Malfoy. Whenever a person with malicious intent towards a Potter enters any Potter residence, that persons magic is next to nullified- his killing curse gave you and James nothing more than a the equivalent of a gut punch," Dumbledore shifted in his seat. "Now, why that curse rebounded from the children and back to Voldemort continues to elude me. Harry is just fine, came away with nary but a cut on his forehead, and like I said, is staying with your sister, Petunia, at the moment.""And James?""He is fine, my dear, resting restlessly in my office, under the watchful eye of Mr. Lupin.""The other James, Dumbledore."Dumbledore sighed again, looking unsure. "Like I said, missing. Sirius Black and Kingsley Shacklebolt are out right now looking for little James, as we speak. They're training as Aurors, I think, should help them immensely, but its been almost a week. I have taken measures to pick up as much information about his whereabouts. Most of the witches and wizards of the Godric's Hollow community ran from the scene in terror at the first sign of the Dark Mark, but one a wizard who wished to remain anonymous stated he saw someone running toward your place of residence. I believe this person saw you or James lying unconscious and thought of you for dead, and upon finding little James, and thought they were saving him.""But why didn't this kidnapper see Harry, too?""Indeed, why didn't they? But I have a theory for this as, well," Dumbledore paused to clean his half-moon spectacles. He took a great deal of time doing so, as if making sure getting the lenses clean was more important than the current topic.Annoyed, Lily urged him to carry on. "Please, Professor...""Ah, I apologize for my imprudence. I am getting old, you know.""Albus…""I'm sorry. Anyway, it was reported to the Ministry's Improper Use of Magic office that at nine-thirty seven p.m., an underage wizard by the name of James Dean Potter used a wand to simultaneously transfigure wood into wool and also levitate himself. That would imply the boy had fallen and somehow managed to save himself.""James used a wand?""Also, James, your husband, not your son, requested to have his wand returned to him; it was never found at the scene. Now, when the curse rebounded upon Voldemort, it caused a fair bit of destruction to your cottage. I believe that young James Dean had possession of James Sr.'s wand, instinctively used it to save himself, and was found lying near his mistakenly deceased father."As Dumbledore finished, almost like clockwork, a shout was heard from Healer House somewhere further down the ward. "You can't go back there! You don't have clearance!""Dumbledore is back there with my wife, I can be there too!" James Potter's voice boomed throughout the ward. "Get out of my way!""Oof! Security!""Langlock!" James muttered. He charged through the door, looking almost sick with worry. "Dumbledore, is she- oh, Lily… you're awake…""Yes, I am.""So you, uh… you know?" James asked quietly, running his hands through his hair."Yes, James, I do." Lily answered in an even quieter voice."Love, I'm so sorry, this is all my fault," he sobbed as he knelt by her bed and drew Lily into a hug. "I'm so, so sorry…""It's not your fault. It'll be okay, James," she soothed as she rubbed his back. "It'll be okay.""I'll find him. I'll find James, no matter what.""I know you will. Look at this! I'm comforting you," Lily laughed. At the sight of disgust on his face, she laughed harder, wiping the tears from his eyes. "I guess we know who wears the pants in this relationship," she giggled, trying to at least make him smile. That seemed to break a wall and James laughed with her, nuzzling her chest.Dumbledore stood, a wide smile on his face. "I think I shall leave you two alone, you have some talking to do."As he left the room, Dumbledore turned back and looked to James. "I will visit you in the morning with as much information as possible. Oh, and Lily?""Yes, Professor?"He picked up a get well card. "Enjoy the well wishes. You're going to need them," he spoke softly as he read the card. He laughed heartily at it. "Those oddball Weasleys…""Thank you."Silence overtook the room after he left. Lily looked up at James as he stared at the floor."James?"Shaken from his reverie, James looked down at her. "What?""Hold me."Lily began to cry as he pulled her in his arms. "What are we going to do?""We're gonna find him. If it's the last thing we do, we are going to find him. We have Dumbledore on our side, friends in the Order, and we have Harry and each other. We have each other, Lily-love, and nothing else matters. Nothing else matters."…Dumbledore reapparated later that evening at the end of Privet Drive, and was greeted by a lithe tabby cat who meowed at him from her hiding spot in the bushes. From her angle, the 4th house on the street was in perfect view, and the house across the street had a tottering old woman who saw him appear. Albus waved at her, and Arabella Figg waved back, the constant look of worry on her face ever remaining as she turned from the window. A few seconds later, her living room lights were out, probably to off to bed."Making house visits already, Professor?" the cat asked him, as she slowly started changing into a woman. The tall, lithe, but implacable looking woman that walked up to him was dressed in black and green robes and a matching, pointed witches hat that matched her hair and eyes, respectively."Not quite a house visit, Minerva," Dumbledore explained, straightening his robes."Then to what do I owe this visit?" McGonagall queried in her crisp, Scottish accent, looking at her Headmaster over her half moon spectacles."Lily Potter has awoken..."Minerva's eyes widened. "Oh, dear. How is she?""Shocked," Dumbledore explained sadly. "Hurt. In pain.""To be expected," Minerva waved off. "I mean mentally?""Shocked. Hurt... In pain..." Dumbledore repeated truthfully. He stuck his hands in his robes pockets and turned his mournful gaze back to 4 Privet Drive.McGonagall gave him a moment before pushing ahead. "And the other Potter boy? James?""Still missing," Dumbledore answered, voice almost a whisper. "No word from Remington Ryan, Mr. Pettigrew is still missing..." Dumbledore trailed off again, lost in thought. "Its as if he's a ghost, Minerva, or never even existed. No records. No sightings, by either muggle or magical being. No trace of him using his fathers wand, no tracking spell..." Dumbledore held his hand us a chilly, pre-winter breeze blew down the street, his long fingers skimming the air as if stroking the draft like it was water. "It's as if he just... vanished into the wind...""And you still think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named... is still out there? Is it possible he took the child?""I do believe he's out there. But taking the child? No. He would've just killed him as planned," Dumbledore asserted, never sounding so sure to Minerva in all her life. "I'd stake my life on it. And if I'm correct..." Dumbledore gave 4 Privet Drive a grim frown. "Then that boy may be our last hope."With a crack, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore disappeared."No," Minerva McGonagall declared, after staring at the empty space he had occupied for a moment. "I know he's still out there. There is another."

If you're reading this, much love.I don't have any dad advice right now because my sister gave me an espresso maker for my belated birthday, and I'm buzzing too much from the awesome iced latte I just drank to be very philosophical. And you know what? That's okay. Sometimes the best philosophy is to turn everything off and just enjoy being.Enjoy.…Monday, 29 July, 1990Dumbledore was distracted from his concentration as an owl collided into the window of his office. He frowned, slightly annoyed that he was being pulled away from his work. Leaving the stack of reports from his contacts, he stood to go open the window and allow the dazed, but unscathed bird in. It'd be a change of pace, anyways. All he had read all morning was reports telling him what he already knew.After nine years of searching, sleuthing, and spying, James Dean Potter was still a ghost.With a wave of his hand, the window clicked and swung open, and a disgruntled screech owl hopped onto the ledge and held out its right leg. Unfurling the post from the bird's ankle, he gave the unknown owl a scratch on its chin, making it trill happily. Pulling a treat from his robe pocket, he held it out, and the owl scarfed it whole, looking pleased."Go on then," Dumbledore laughed. "Catch your breath. Its a long flight."The bird hooted happily, and ruffled it feathers, looking around the office. Without a sound, it hopped out the window, caught an updraft, and was gone. Dumbledore waved his hand again absentmindedly, and sat back down at his desk, reading the envelope.Addressed To:APWB Dumbledore, Headmaster, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardrySent From:A. Darling, Headmaster, Ilvermorney School of Witchcraft and WizardryIntrigued, Dumbledore pondered for a moment what his younger American contemporary could possibly need to send him a direct letter for. Looking back at the stacks of reports and letters from school governors, teachers, and parents, he sighed and didn't waste any more time. Unfurling the letter, he began reading, almost hearing the Texan wizard's deep, Southwestern drawl in his mind, making him smile.Dearest Headmaster,I'm writing you today concerning the topic you broached with me last year, at the International Magical Education Summit in Geneva. You informed me that you were having some degree of difficulty in locating a certain missing boy of about nine years of age. It has been brought to my attention that here in the United States, there is a boy living in a No-Maj orphanage who was not added to Ilvermorney's list of potential students, and one of my scouts have submitted this boy's name to me to be added to our list of recruits. I found the circumstances to the boy's origins intriguing, and reminded me of our previous conversation, as well as your befuddlement of where this boy had went. You see, Albus, this boy was, by all accounts, or shall I say, lack there of, not born in the USA. There is no record of him in any hospital, no birth certificate, no Social Security Number. He just appeared out of thin air in New York City, sometime around November of the Year of Our Lord, 1981. Dumbledore almost dropped the letter in shock. Appeared out of nowhere... like a ghost? Around the same time James Dean Potter went missing? Could it possibly be that the boy had been slipped out from under their very noses? That they'd been looking for a needle in the entirely wrong haystack?! He took a deep breath and composed himself. No sense getting excited over a chicken before it had hatched, after all.This boy, and a pair of other orphans in this orphanage, St. Bernadette's Holy Roman Church and Orphanage, are magic users, and I am approving their entry in to my school. However, I have sent a copy of the scouting report, as well as the other two boys' records from my recruiter to you in the unlikely event that one them are your missing child. Warmest Regards from Your Friend,David Allen Darling, Headmaster, Ilvermorney School of Witchcraft and WizardryAlbus leafed David's letter over, revealing the first record, a simple document of recognition of magical ability made by MACUSA on a boy named Travis Barker. Not particularly interested in that, he flipped to the next one, a similar document for another boy named Brian Gates. He flipped the page again, and when he read the name on the scouting report, his stare could have burned a whole in the parchment.Name: Potter, James D.Dumbledore didn't need to read the rest. He already knew it was him.He weighed his options. If he was right, and he wholly believed he was, he could just... leave the boy where he was. It would be safe. Secure. No record, aside from this report, existed of him, meaning the Dark Lord couldn't find the lad any easier than the Potter family, Dumbledore, and his contacts could...No. Dumbledore slammed his fist on his desk, chiding himself. The boy had a family, and if his research was true, the boy was ultimately safer with blood... Not to speak of the absolute insanity the Potters have already been through losing him. Dumbledore wanted to wallow in himself for even thinking of denying James and Lily their son. He had no right."James," he spoke, pulling his wand and giving it a flick, showering his office in warmth and an ethereal silver glow. "We've found him."…Tuesday, July 31st, 1990James Dean Potter woke sharply to the sound of the morning bell. Hazel eyes open to the sight of an old, craggy, angry face glaring into his, ice blue eyes narrowed and mouth snarling. If he wasn't used to this treatment, he would have screamed. Instead, the young, rebellious kid rolled his eyes and ignored the old crone. Rolling onto his back and sitting up, he swung his legs over the bed and made to get up when the bat shoved him back down onto the cot."Mister Potter," the nun, and St. Bernadette's resident disciplinarian, snarled. The old hag looked more like a vulture than a human being, with a long, hooked nose more akin to a beak. She was tall, with a frail frame beset by a pudgy gut held up by spindly legs. Her long, skeletal arms were tipped with long, thin, talon like fingers gnarled by age, arthritis, and constant praying over rosary beads."Sister Agatha, good morning," James responded, bored. "May I please make my bed and get ready? I have a big day ahead.""That's what I'm here to speak to you about, young man," she retorted, pushing her bird-like, gnarled hand into his chest. "I don't want a single thing done by you, today, you understand?!"The ten year old cocked his head and raised an eyebrow, a glimmer of a smirk tracing his thin lips. "Do nothing today? Got it. No chores for me, then!"With that, he slung himself under her rickety arm and stood up, and before she could react, slung his personal chest open. "Best birthday present I could ever ask for, Sister! Thanks!""That's not what-""NO chores for you, JD!? Not fair, I say, Sister!" A caramel skinned boy, who was easily a head taller than the short, scrawny James, stood up from his own cot, scratching his his short, super curly blonde hair. His bright blue eyes twinkled with merriment as he joined James in twisting the nun's words. "Can you at least have the girls pick up his slack this time?""Now you just wait one minu-""I never get birthday presents," another boy slowly spoke up, his black eyes looking up lazily from his bed as he made it. His wispy, light brown hair glistened in the early morning sunrise, and his skin, with its off-white pallor that could reminded someone of old book paper, glowed, giving him an odd, ethereal look. "Is this something new, Sister Agatha?""Aaargh, you two!" Agatha screamed, pointing to the dormitories door. "Out! I'm talking to your freaky little friend!"They stared at her like she had grown an extra head."Brian Allen Gates! Travis Jermaine Barker! I'm warning you!" She looked at the rest of the boys in the dormitory, as well. "All of you! OUT!"Travis shrugged and cocked a blond eyebrow. "C'mon, Bri, let's go."The dozy looking black eyed boy shrugged, and shot James a peace sign. James nodded at his friends as they walked out of the dormitory, the rest of the orphan boys giving them distance. James wasn't surprised. The three boys were considered freaks. Weird stuff happened when they were around. Last year, when an older boy named Gregory decided to try to bully Brian, he somehow managed to sprout rat ears. Another time, the girls(who were constantly doted on and given preferential treatment by the Sisters of the orphanage) were being mean, and the next thing James knew, their dresses were on fire. James didn't even want to think about the aftermath of when Travis got into a fight and the entire recess yard got swarmed with locusts.That got the three of them the switch.Once the dormitory was empty, Agatha shoved her finger into James' face. "I know what today is. I know you and your freaky friends are up to something. I want none of that devilish goings on that follows you around. Am I clear?""Right," James muttered sarcastically, his face remaining neutral, if not completely disinterested. "No weird stuff. Or you'll call the Vatican to have me exorcised, or something.""Right you are, Little Imp," the old crone seethed, not picking up on his obvious sarcasm. Her eyes never left his as she delighted in her use of the nickname she gave him. If he was supposed to be offended by her jabs and insults, he reckoned she should try harder. In fact, having a little bit of notoriety kinda made him proud, if nothing else."Clean yourself up, get your your chores done, and then keep out of sight, Potter. There's a family coming today, and you'll not be so much as seen, understand?""Right, do your bidding, then hide away and pretend like I don't exist, because no one wants to adopt a demon child with a scarred lip. Got it."For once, the nun smiled. It was an ugly, grotesque thing, with thin, pale lips pulled back to display a row of gnarled, snaggly teeth and vein riddled gums. James almost shuddered. "Glad you can see things my way, for once, Imp. And make sure to keep your freaky friends out, as well."James, face remaining as neutral as ever, nodded.…Having grown up in a Catholic orphanage in New York City, James was well versed in the religion. He didn't really believe in any of it, after all, aside from Mother Agnes, the nuns were all vile, cruel hags who treated him like they would rather throw him, Brian, and Travis out with the trash rather than teach them, care for them, or even so much as look at them. While Travis, who had come to the orphanage after having at least been able to remember some things his parents, managed to be a happy, moderately in touch kid, James had known nothing but the orphanage, nothing but the weird looks and spiteful remarks, nothing but the pain and suffering that came when he got emotional. Somehow, he had given up on trying to fit in, and instead, adopted an air of aloof, nonchalant amusement.The world looked a whole lot better when viewed through the lens of humor.Which was why, as he looked at himself in the mirror as he finished brushing his teeth, the sight of the thin, needle shaped scar on his left upper lip didn't bother him anymore. His thin, ear length black hair usually stayed pretty well slicked back, and while he didn't like the bowl cut the nuns forced on him, at least it had been easy to tame. His hazel eyes, all at once piercing and resolute, yet disillusioned and neutral, gazed upon his thin, angular face. It was no secret that he didn't eat well, and it showed in his thin, waspish frame, which was almost concealed beneath his baggy, ill-fitting clothes.James Dean gave himself his usual, signature smart aleck smirk as he tore his eyes away from the mirror. He exited the boys bathroom and joined his friends as they started morning chores. He was quiet as Travis babbled about anything and everything, from baseball, to girls, to the nuns, to the weather."I can't believe somebody is coming here to adopt today," he blabbered, excited, despite knowing that the nuns weren't even going to let him be seen.Brian, ever the daydreamer, nodded along and said things like, "Yeah," "Uh-huh," and "Sure," in all the appropriate places. James put on his usual laid back veneer and focused on the task at hand while keeping a hawkish eye on the other orphans, as the older boys were known to try to bully the others into doing there work, or worse. The girls, on the other hand, would often look for any slight indiscretion, so that they could suck up to the sisters. Not all the girls were so vile, James knew; but most didn't disagree with their favored treatment, and would often cave to peer pressure.James mused on this as he scrubbed the floors of the cafeteria. It was cowardly, in his opinion, but he also understood it. The orphanage wasn't exactly a happy place, and anything to make the days easier, the nights more comfortable, was welcome. He may have only been ten years old as of today, but he already had a keen idea of how the world worked.It wasn't as ideal as the cartoons made it out to be."Did you hear the game on the radio last night? We actually won!" Travis gushed as he helped James push the mop bucket out of the dining hall."Uh, yeah, was pretty great, actually," James replied nonchalantly. He wasn't as big a sports fan as Travis was, but he knew how important it was to his friend, so James still listened with half an ear as Travis talked about the Yankee's game against Detroit from the day before as they moved on to deck swabbing the hallways. In his head, however, James was starting to be plagued by thoughts...It was his birthday. Some of the "better behaved," students always got something for their birthday. It was usually something small, like a candy bar or a Coke, or maybe even a quilt or sweater made by one of the Church's congregation. James, and by extension, Travis and Brian, never got anything... at all.James didn't feel sorry about it. It wasn't like it was a big deal or anything. As he mopped down the old wood floors of the orphanage, however, his mind started to be plagued by thoughts, no, desires, he supposed. He wanted something. He craved something. He shook his head and a glimmer of a rueful smile graced his thin lips. He knew better than to dream.But...What if he could have something, just for once? Just once, get a real birthday present? Not just a free pizza from his favorite pizza shop or be told by one of the nicer nuns he didn't have to do chores for a day, but an honest God, real, material, thought out present? What would that even signify? Would he value such a gift at face value, like he usually did? Or would he see past that and... like it for the fact that somebody actually celebrated his life?James shook his head again, the smile fading. As it stood, right now, the only people who bothered to care about him were standing here, right here, right now, helping him mop floors. They definitely had no means to get him anything other than that, but when it came down to it, that's really all he needed, anyways.But what if...?In that case, what would he want? He wouldn't want something trivial like a candy bar, or even a cake. He didn't have much of a sweet tooth, anyways. A book? No, that'd be trivial. With his near photographic memory, he'd have it read and memorized within a week, maybe less. He had no use for things like TVs or radios, as he wasn't allowed to have one in the orphanage anyways. He pondered about clothes, looking down at the drab, hand me down white button down he was wearing. He never really thought about clothes. With a sigh and a pinch of confusion, James started to push the thought from his mind."Hey, JD," Travis interrupted his thoughts, giving him an odd look. His sharp, regal face looked amused, while his vivid, glacial blue eyes, which contrasted with his deep caramel skin and dirty, almost brown-blonde hair, were narrowed in worry."Oh, sorry, man, I spaced."Travis chuckled and slapped his arm. "I noticed. You alright? You're not like-" Travis jerked his thumb at Brian, who was desperately trying to manhandle his mop. "Spacey over there.""Hey!" Brian meekly protested as he wrestled his mop back into the bucket, pouting.James chuckled lightly. "Yeah, I'm good. Just got lost in my thoughts for a moment."Travis shrugged and gave him a jovial grin that genuinely reached the taller boys sea blue eyes. "By the way, happy birthday.""Thanks, pal" James replied as he cracked a small, one sided grin."Yeah, man, happy birthday," Brian added, giving James a dopey smile of his own. Brian's own round face looked happy, if only in a slightly puzzled way. His black eyes, which most found odd at best, terrifying at worst, were almost always glazed over as the boy seemed to be permanently looking not at, or even through, but beyond everything. He was constantly day dreaming and honestly, only ever in the current moment when the current moment absolutely demanded his attention. He didn't necessarily have an attention problem, but it was still enough to get him in trouble at times.James socked his shoulder. "Thanks, pally."Travis nudged James on the shoulder and leaned toward to him in a conspiratorial fashion."So, Sister Agatha wants us to make ourselves scarce today...""Yeah, yeah she does," James replied with another barely there grin. "Am I thinking what you're thinking?""I know what I'm thinking," Brian added, leaning in."Oh?" James asked, giving his friend a playful look."Escape time!" they chorused.…By the time the three were done with their morning chores, it was close to 8 o'clock, and between getting harassed by another nun, Sister Harriet, and getting sent on an errand to the supply room by the youngest, newest, and easily the nicest Sister, Anna, James had concocted a plan. Said plan involved running away from the orphanage, have the time of their lives all day as they wreaked havoc across New York City, before returning under the cover of darkness to vandalize the exterior of the orphanage.With little more than grins and the clothes on their backs, the three had waited for the breakfast bell to ring in before dragging behind the other kids before bolting for the orphanage's back door. They were close, so close, ever so temptingly close, when..."Going somewhere, boys?" a soft, elderly voiced ringed out from behind them.Stopping in their tracks, James silently cursed and winced as he slowly spun on his heel to see Mother Agnes standing at the top of the flight of stairs that led to freedom. Just about the only nun in the orphanage to show any sign of true affection for them, Mother Agnes was really the nun the three boys respected.And, subsequently, the last person they wanted to disappoint.The motherly nun smiled playfully at them before wiggling her eyebrows under her headpiece. She made a waving motion to them. "Before you go, why don't you follow me?"Sparing each other a glance, the three boys shrugged and cautiously followed her as she led them to her office. A spartan room, decorated solely by a crucifix on the crème colored northern wall and a painting of the orphanages namesake, St. Bernadette Soubirous, on the opposite. An old, but pristine desk with elegant, Benedictine style carvings sat beneath the crucifix, and a beautiful, high backed chair made of sturdy, well worn oak was used as her throne. Four smaller, but comfortable chairs sat before her desk for meetings. She motioned them inside with a quick gesture before taking a seat behind the massive desk."Mr. Barker, the door, if you please?" She asked kindly, as she started rummaging through her desk. "Now, I know the three of you haven't exactly had an easy time here..." she started, as she messed around with a drawer.James bit his tongue from saying something sarcastic. He didn't really respect Catholicism, or the nuns here in general, but he loved Mother Agnes, so he wisely kept the sass under wraps. Travis and Brian didn't, either, and the three of them awkwardly stood next to the door.Noticing this, Mother Agnes huffed and stopped what she was doing. Motioning to the chairs, she grumbled, "Come now, have a seat! You're not in trouble, and I'm not going to bite."The three shambled into three of the four chairs facing her desk, as she started shuffling through it again. The office was quiet except for the sounds of objects getting shuffled around, and the occasional mutterings from the matronly old woman."Oh, I know I put them somewhere...""Ugh, Lord above, I've been looking for that...""Now, really, where did I...?"Finally, she erupted with an uncharacteristic "AHA!" as she pulled an obnoxiously large plastic bag out from the desk's bottom drawer. She triumphantly plopped the bag onto the top of her neatly organized desk and gave them a happy grin, her kind brown eyes shining."Happy birthday!"James jaw dropped. "Uh, what?"Agnes waved him off haphazardly. "Oh, come now. I know you three haven't been treated well, and I'm trying to work on fixing that, but for now, let me make up for lost time. It isn't much, but I managed to scrape enough funds together to get you all a little... something, to act as a birthday present!"Mother Agnes gleefully stood as she opened the bag and placed three decently sized packages wrapped in a subdued, but cheerful blue wrapping paper, in each of their laps. "Go on! Open them!"Not knowing what to do, James stared at her with a slack jaw and a confused expression. Travis shifted in his seat, as if he wasn't sure if this was a sort of test, or trick. Brian poked at his gift as if he didn't know what to do with it."Oh, really!" Mother Agnes sighed in exasperation before fixing James with a motherly glare. "Boys, this isn't a test! And if you don't close your mouth, Jamie, the devils going to shut it for you!"James snapped his trap and gave her a sheepish, apologetic look before turning his gaze to his gift. With burning cheeks, he carefully started turning it over in his hands. He wouldn't dare admit it, but he almost didn't want to open it. It was the most thoughtful thing he thought anyone had ever done for him, and he sort of wanted to just treasure the wrapped thing itself. It was a hefty, square shaped box, that much he could deduce. He caressed the perfect seams and eyed the precisely cut paper with appreciation, unsure where to start.Brian had a similar dilemma, but Travis, being the unabashed creature that he was had already torn through the paper and tossed it aside. Turning his eyes back to the task at hand, James carefully pried the tape holding the paper to his gift. The package fit well in his lap, revealing a thin cardboard box, and he gently laid the pristine wrapping to the side. Deftly opening the box, he found a nice, handmade leather messenger bag with what looked like hand forged metal rivets and snaps. It smelled of dye and tanning oil, and was soft and supple to the touch, but was also definitely tough and sturdy as well. Pulling the gorgeous dark brown bag out of the box, he felt something moving around inside of it. Opening the top flap, he found two books, a small, handmade pencil box, and a box of... chocolates? Pulling the books out, he noted that one was a leather bound diary that matched the bag, covers clasped together by a braided cord of a rainbow's assortment of ribbon, probably braided from scrapped hymnals. The other was a professional sketch pad, filled with hundreds of pages of blank canvas paper. He admired them both before pulling out the pencil box, which was stained a deep, dark, red-brown with bronze fittings, and a carving of a hawk on the top.Hands shaking, he opened the box to find all sorts of drawing pencils, charcoals, erasers, and even a few Chinese grease pencils. Looking up at Mother Agnes in awe, James met her happy gaze. She smiled warmly at him, and he gave her an astonished expression, as if asking if this was really his. She nodded slightly, as if she saw his question etched on his face.Travis and Brian had equally exquisite gifts. They both received similar messenger bags, with similar diaries, chocolates, and pencil boxes. Travis's bore a carving of a wolf, and Brian's a crow. Travis also received a book on the history of the New York Yankees, while Brian received a beginner's guitar lesson book."Travis," she smiled happily. "The wolf. Cheerful, but fierce, and loyal to his siblings, willing to stick his neck out for the others if it means protecting them, and wary of outsiders. Brian, the crow," she chuckled, giving him a mischievous wink. "Ever the dreamer, always looking off into some fantastic future, yet easily distracted by shiny things. And James, the hawk. Sharp eyed and observant, watching closely and making it look so effortless. Well, how'd I do?"Dumbstruck, the three sat in their chairs, speechless. It was obvious she put a ton of thought into this, and James suddenly felt something in his belly. He didn't know what the feeling was, but it felt like the floor of his chest gave out, and his heart was sinking into the bottomless pit of his stomach. His clothes became uncomfortable and felt heavy, and the rather spacious room suddenly felt claustrophobic. It was an uncomfortable sensation and it made him regret the plans he had batched."Now, I say, why the long faces?"James looked down. "Um-er-uh... yeah..."Travis nodded in agreement to his stuttering, for once at a loss of words. Brian just stayed quiet and rubbed the toe of his sneaker on the waxed, immaculate wood floor."Alright, you three, out with it," Mother Agnes softly commanded, fixing James with a knowing stare."Well, you see... We were going to run away."She nodded. "I knew that the moment you three started falling behind the other children earlier. What else is new? The Sky is blue? Grass is green?"James spared a small chuckle at her playful, disarming sarcasm. "Then we were going to go have fun all day, and come back tonight, and...""And vandalize the orphanage again?" She finished for him, posing the statement as a question but already knowing the answer. She shook her head in disappointment, fixing them with a soft, sad gaze. James sunk into his chair, withering under her mournful expression. "Oh, dear. You three, I swear.""I'm sorry, Mother Agnes," James whispered, reeling internally at this unknown feeling. Emotions weren't his strong suit, and he never really felt them often, or this strongly. He just knew that disappointing her felt... well, not good.Was this guilt? James had never remembered feeling guilty before."No, no," she waved him off, hiding her wrinkled face behind her soft, weathered hands. "You three have always had a hard time around here. The Sisters are nowhere near as kind or considerate as they should be. You're lucky you're good at getting away with your pranks.""Understatement of the century," Brian agreed quietly. Travis kicked his shin."Mother Agnes?" James asked quietly, face pointing downwards, but his eyes looking up at the old nun."Yes, child?""Why?"This question seemed to floor Mother Agnes, as she sat back into her chair and looked almost defeated. "Why what, child? ""... why are we treated like freaks?" Brian asked tepidly, still running a streak on the floor with his shoe. " I know weird things happen around us sometimes, but it's not our fault. It just... happens, you know? We're still people.""Well, first of all, please stop ruining my floor," She admonished softly with a small, disarming smile before leaning forward and fixing them with an intense eye. "And second... I know, boys, that you are people. I have it on good faith with the man above-" she pointed up, as if at the sky, "That you boys are outstanding people. Troublemakers, maybe, but not bad, and certainly not deserving of the treatment you get. But the Sisters... they are, what you young folk would say, oh what is it... old school."The three had a laugh at her attempt at hip lingo, which she apparently appreciated."They think that you are of... bad stock? Touched by the devil?" She made a furious waving gesture with both hands as if to wash the notion away. "It doesn't matter. What they say doesn't matter. If the Father agreed, you'd have been blessed or moved a long time ago. Understand?"They all nodded, giving her their rapt attention.She nodded, pleased, before judiciously pointing a finger at them. "Now listen to me, very closely. You're not freaks. You aren't demons. You're boys. You have a lot to learn, and can do with perhaps a little guidance, but Our Father Above as my witness, you are not evil. I have not-and will not-tolerate this slander on you."She squared her eyes solely on James, finally, and gave him an unreadable look. "I brought you to these halls myself when you were just a babe, you know. I tended to you, cared for you, raised you myself until I ascended to being the Mother of this Orphanage. I know a thing or two about demons, child, and I can say that the night I saved you, I didn't save a demon, I saved an innocent child from a demon. Am I understood?""Yes, ma'am," James said clearly, sitting up straight."And leave dealing with the other Sisters up to me. No pranks, yes?""Yes, ma'am...""Now," she finished, sitting back in her seat and letting go of her intense demeanor. "With that out of the way, what do you plan on doing for the rest of your day?"James and Travis looked at each other before shrugging.She gave them a small, coy smile. "You're still gonna run, aren't you?"Sheepish smiles are the answer she got."Ugh!" she threw her arms up in mock frustration. "You three! I ought to know better than to even stop you, shouldn't I?"With a grin she shook her head again, this time with such exaggeration that her veil shook. She pulled out a small card and flicked it on her desk. "If you're going to run... at least don't hitchhike or steal rides... Perhaps if somebody left a subway pass laying around and didn't mind someone borrowing it..." She flicked her eyes between James and the card. Taking the hint, he snatched the card and stashed it in his new bag, nodding in thanks. "I hear that the flowers in Carl Schurz Park are simply stunning right now. If only I had time to see them..."James gripped the sketch book she had gifted him and nodded, getting her other hint. This time, she beamed at him."You can leave the wrapping paper and such here, I'll clean up. Now get out of my office, I have work to do."Being dismissed, the three boys bolted for the door, as they slipped past the threshold, she called out one more time. "Boys?""Yes, Mother Agnes?" Travis replied, already halfway out the door.She gave them one last small, hopeful smile. "Come home soon?""Soon," James answered, nodding.…"Well, hey hey hey!" Donald Weiland, affectionately known to the three as Donnie Way, hollered as the three boys, who had just evaded two of the nuns walking around the grounds of the church, were trying to sneak by. "Look who it is, the Three Amigos!"James cringed. Donnie was the church's groundskeeper. A young, tall, hippieish surfer dude, the early twenties something Californian import was the next friendliest person the three outcast orphans had known in the orphanage. His shaggy, wavy blonde hair, tanned skin, wiry frame, and baby blue eyes made him something of an attraction at the church, as his parents(well to do, affluent business types) had gotten him the job at the church to keep him out of their hair, and his presence drew the attention of the younger, female worshipers.A wide eyed James held a finger to his lips desperately, while Travis flicked his hand in front his neck wildly, both trying to get their friend to be quiet. The surfer dude's eyes bulged in realization, and he grimaced in apology before waving at them, motioning them to get into his work truck. Hearing the nearby nuns start to get excited, James shoved a frozen Travis and a quivering Brian into the rusty bed of the old Chevy before throwing himself into it. Travis huddled up against a wheel well, while Brian and James got cuddly on either side of a potato rake. Donnie, true to his word, yanked a dingy old tarp over them and then, in the nick of time, got leaned himself on against the old truck."Morning, Sisters!" he called out as the nosy nuns rounded the sidewalk. "Don't mind me, just taking a break. This heats' a wipeout, am I right?""Erm, er, yes?" the distinctly shrill voice of Sister Agatha trilled, sounding confused. "Have you, by chance, seen any of the orphan children? We're missing three of them in the Hall.""Seriously?" Travis whispered. "It hasn't been ten minutes!""We're getting rusty," Brian agreed quietly, rubbing a dirty patch of the truck bed. James swatted at him and made a hushing motion."Aw, nah man, I ain't seen any little spongers running around," Donnie replied, staying completely cool. "I'll let ya guys know if I do though!""Thank you," Agatha said primly, and James could just imagine her looking down her toucan-beak nose at Donnie before pretentiously grabbing her habit and walking away. The click, click, click of the sister's hard heeled flats faded, and before long, Donnie yanked the tarp off them."All clear, little dudes. You guys running away again?"James and Travis shared and shrugged. "Yup," they chorused.Donnie leveled an impressed expression at them and slung James a high five. He gave them a sympathetic look tinged with uncharacteristic sadness for a moment. He knew the nuns were cruel, and often helped them get away from their residential hell. He wiped the look off his face after a moment and grinned at them. "Radical! Need me to take you anywhere?"James gave Donnie the biggest, most evil grin and thanked every lucky star he'd ever wished upon. "Happy birthday to me!"…James Armand Potter pondered idly as he drove what kind of gift his son, his namesake, would want for his birthday. If he was a typical ten year old boy, he'd want something that was equal parts fun, destructive, and hazardous. James scoffed as the thought crossed his mind. He couldn't help but shake the idea, however, that if the young boy was anything like his mother, he was more thoughtful than that. If that was the case, would he want something else, something with meaning?Would he want something for its inherent value? Or would he be someone who treasured a gift as something more, as something to be held dear for the thought behind it?James couldn't help but once again look to his wife, Lily, who sat next to him in the rented muggle car. James steeled himself by looking at his reflection in the car's rearview mirror.The past decade hadn't been kind to the eldest Potter. The death of his parents, the maiming of Lily, and the disappearance of the eldest of his twin sons bore down on his soul, and showed in his face. At thirty years old, he may as well have been forty. Frown lines plagued the creases of his forehead, the corners of his eyes, and the edges of his mouth. Bags seemed to be a permanent feature under his now sunken hazel orbs, and gray was already spreading from his temples and across the stubble popping up around his lower face. His untidy black hair needed a trim and was beset by a an early onset receding hair line, but still managed to produce a sort of rugged handsomeness with his severe widow's peak. The only well kept aspect about him was his clothes; clean, crisp, and pressed, with an air of dependability and outdoorsy charm.Behind him in the back seat was his old friend and confidant, Sirius. He was a refined, well dressed, and jovial looking bachelor with shoulder length, curly black hair and curious, playful gray eyes. Sirius sported a well trimmed goatee that grew longer at the bottom and was tapered, comically resembling a muggle's depiction of a pirate. His slick, black velvet waistcoat was topped off with an immaculate gold pocket watch with an obsidian chain, and contrasted well with his charcoal gray dress shirt, which was rolled up to his elbows. Black slacks covered the tops of his immaculate leather boots, and were fashionably worn.Snoring next to Padfoot was a rumpled excuse of a man with short, graying, light brown hair, a trimmed beard, and faded scars crisscrossing over his face. He wasn't as poor as his... furry little condition wold have rendered him, as he lived with James and Lily and supported him. He was dressed simply, wearing brown slacks, a white shirt, and a cardigan, as his slight frame made it hard for him to stay warm at times. His green eyes were shut, as he snoozed, and James had turned the radio off, so the shabby looking Moony could sleep.James sighed as he slowed down and began turning onto the street that St. Bernadette's Catholic Orphanage. The crowded streets of Brooklyn were little to no hassle for the shiny new Ford Crown Victoria, and James had to resist the urge to dodge, weave, and squeeze his way through the crowded streets. This wasn't Sirius's enchanted hot rod, after all.It didn't take long before they were pulling up to the orphanage on Staten Island. After stirring a drowsy Remus awake, James helped Lily out the of car and into her wheelchair. Remus took the handles of the chair while James led his family up to St. Bernadette's entrance, following after an odd looking couple of Americans that drew James's eye immediately. A tall man who appeared to be in his mid forties, with scraggly blonde hair and a matching beard, dressed in board shorts, flip flops, an impossibly bright white I 3 NY t-shirt led a short, younger brunette woman dressed in a garish black and yellow floral print summer dress, black tights, and red flats that were remarkably out of sync with the rest of her outfit through the doors just before the three British men.Sirius scoffed silently and nudged James. "Hard to imagine he's the best she could pull, eh?"James snorted, amused. "I think there is enough fashion sense between the two of 'em to scare a thrift store worker witless."Lily giggled silently at this, with Sirius sharing an quiet bark of laughter. The couple spared a look back at them, but ignored them as they all made their way to the front office. A young nun sat at a greeting desk and brightly motioned at all of them to come in. The couple greeted the nun first while James and company waited their turn. The couple explained that they had called ahead and were looking to adopt a child, and were excited to meet the children. The nun directed the couple to a couple chairs in an adjacent waiting room to fill out some paperwork and turned her attention to James.The nun was a young woman with a smooth, pale skinned face and vibrant blue eyes. She smiled warmly at James as he stepped up to her. Her looks were rather plain, as she had a long, thin face and a crooked nose, but she exuded a sense of peace and warmth James appreciated. Her habit didn't completely cover her hair, which was a clean, well maintained flaxen blond."Good morning! My name is Sister Anna. Can I help you, sir?" the girl asked, giving James a full tooth smile that pulled her lips past her gums, making her look even more like a horse. James quashed the thought as needlessly cruel, and smiled simply in return."Yes, as a matter of fact," James replied, his British accent throwing her off slightly. He pulled out his wallet and showed her his Auror badge, an enchanted object that appeared to Muggles as an INTERPOL officer's identification. "Name's James Potter. My son went missing about nine years ago, and I've been searching for him ever since. His name is-""James?" she asked dumbly, awestruck. "James... Dean?"James nodded enthusiastically. "Yes! I mean, uh... yes. Yes, is he here?"The mortified look on her face told him all he needed to know."One moment, please," the young nun muttered as she all but ran, green faced, out of the office. Left to their own devices, James looked at Sirius and Remus, but the two simply shrugged in confusion. James grinned, however and Sirius gave him a friendly sock to the shoulder. After all these years, the Potter family would finally be complete again... or as complete as it could be. His parents being murdered was a hole almost too big to fix, but James Dean being missing for almost nine years had left that void almost insurmountable for James and Lily to bear, on top of her forced retirement from the Auror's office and subsequent adjustment to being a paraplegic. If it wasn't for Sirius and Remus's help, James was sure he'd have ended up failing his remaining son Harry and Lily both... he didn't even want to reflect back on those darker days, where even his marriage to the love of his life had been strained.James gave Sirius a friendly punch back, and hugged his darling wife. Remus gave him a warm pat as Lily pulled herself up to return the embrace."Good thing Dumbledore stumbled across James's name in the Ilvermorny school's namelist, eh?" Sirius muttered, but before being able to continue, they were interrupted by the nun, leading an older, matronly woman behind her. The older woman, who looked well into her sixties or seventies, paled as she saw James's face."Oh," she stated simply, staring at him as she grasped at her skirt, balling it up with her fists in a white knuckle grip. "Oh, dear."…

If you're reading this, much love. Big shoutout to the people who favorited, followed and reviewed. You know who you are, you know what you followed, you know what you said.Some of the best advice I have ever gotten came from the least likely source. A straight backed, stoic, and seemingly automaton business major/math teacher told me once, "Time can net you income. Money, however, doesn't flow the other way." You can't buy time. Investing your time in work and the grind can bring you success, but it won't nourish your soul. Take the time to enjoy little things, look at the trees, smell the flowers, sit down and watch people as they pass by the coffee shop window. Your soul is you, so don't neglect it.ENJOI..."I gowwa shay, itsh pretty nishe to ride da shub for onsh," Travis garbled as he munched on one of the sweets Mother Agnes had given him, earning him a few odd looks from the other subway passengers."Uh huh," Brian and James muttered, nonchalantly. Brian was buried nose deep in the guitar lesson book, for once not looking like a spaced out loon and reading the pages with intensity. James, on the other hand, idly placed a small sweet in his mouth as he reverently organized his pencil box. Agnes had given him an extensive set of pencils and pens, and he used some salvaged twist ties and rubber bands to put them all in order based on their purpose. General black and white sketch and line work, colors, grease pens and charcoal, and so on became their own little groups, and were placed the box back in the bag with great care.This was the answer to the question he had asked himself earlier. This was the gift he could treasure. It was as if Mother Agnes had read his thoughts, because not only was this a gift that could be appreciated up front, but also be cherished due to the care behind it. James gave himself an uncharacteristic grin as he snapped the bag closed. Travis was the first to stand as the subway car rolled to a stop."Our exit," Travis exclaimed with glee as led his friends out of the train. "Manhatten, we have arrived!""Famiglia Italia, here we come!" Brian agreed wholeheartedly, holding up a victorious fist."Best pizza in New York!" James chimed in, giving his best friends- no, his brothers, a shove before running past them, laughing as they struggled to catch up.…The elderly nun Sister Anna had called Mother Agnes excused the confused younger nun, and silently bade the Potters to follow her. James gave Sirius a look, and his best friend nodded. Sirius led Remus back to the lobby while James and Lily followed the white-faced nun, who led them over to her office.Mother Agnes helpfully moved the chairs in her office around so that Lily could maneuver her chair into the spartan room, which Lily thanked her graciously. The old woman gave her a tight, closed lipped smile, and silently bade James to sit before sitting her. She looked like a guilty woman about to be judged, with an effigy of a man on a cross on the wall behind her, framing her from behind. The woman then quietly gripped a cast silver copy of a similar effigy around her neck while moving her left hand to tap her forehead, then her naval, then her left and right shoulders. Her eyes were closed, and she was murmuring something to herself, just below her breath. Lily, James noticed, had lowered her head in respect and gave her the time to finish... whatever it was she was doing. Finally, the woman finished, and looked up at them with eyes that were filled with the same amount of guilt and wonder as when she had started."If you would pardon my forwardness, ma'am," James asked the shell shocked nun. "But you look like you've seen a ghost.""Well, that's... probably because I have. AM."James cocked his head at her, but stayed quiet, waiting for her to explain."… It was almost nine years when Father Duke sent me on Sabbatical. I went to the Vatican in Rome, prayed, partook in the masses, participated in communion held by one of the Roman Archbishops themselves. I got on a plane to come home, but due to mechanical trouble, the pilot was forced to land in England. Since all flights were back-logged due to strange weather-related issues for a whole week, I decided to visit across the British countryside, taking in the sights."'Mechanical trouble, strange weather, all sounds like Voldemort's doing…' James thought indignantly. He leaned forward in interest as the elderly nun continued, who had started wringing her habit as she did."I came into the town of Godric's Hollow on the third night, Halloween.""It was you!" Lily gasped, shocked. "Everyone else ran away. You were the only one who came to try and help us!""Er, well, yes, and no...""What do you mean?" Lily pressed."I came into the house, looking to help. It was so odd... some of the people saw that devilish looking moniker erupt in the sky. They ran away, and then, to my horror, the cottage just... blew up. Oh, dear. Everyone else who saw it ran away, while others seemed, well, blind to it. It was so awful. I saw little James huddled in some blankets, no more than two feet from you, Mr. Potter. He was crying and wailing and hurt I had to do something, so I picked him up and when I checked on you... you were dead. I checked and everything. I didn't know what else to do! There were no police, no ambulances! Nobody else was coming, and there were no phones! So I picked up the boy. I took him with me, because it looked like no one else was coming to help! I-""Ma'am," Lily interrupted softly, leaning forward and softly taking the nun's hands into her own. "You don't have anything to apologize for. You didn't know what was happening... You couldn't know what was happening. I'm just glad our son is okay. You were only trying to help.""Thank you," Mother Agnes sighed, her rigid frame sagging with relief. "I... had I known you were alive...""It's okay, Mother," Lily assured, before holding a finger up. "It is strange, though...""What's that?" the nun asked."You saw what happened. Are you, by chance, a witch?"Mother Agnes's face went from shocked, to confused, to angry, and back to confused. "I assure you, ma'am, I do not follow any sort of... of... pagan practices."Lily laughed and held her hand up in assurance. "I don't mean offense. In fact, many witches and wizards are practitioners of muggle religions, it's just..." she looked to James, asking if it was even legal to finish her thought.James chewed his lip. She had a point. Muggles should not have been able to even see their old cottage. However, if Mother Agnes had been born with magical talent, the American school should have found and enrolled her."Ma'am," James started, carefully, knowing he was treading dangerous waters. "What would you say if I told you that magic exists?"The woman stared at him. Not in disbelief, or shock, or anger, like he suspected.She looked at him in resignation."Oh," was all she seemed to manage, at first. "Oh. That... that explains so much."Lily and James gave her the incredulous looks they expected her to give them.Agnes shook her head, burying her head in her hands as her fingers gripped her headdress. "The wand. The odd occurrences. The spontaneous combustion. The rat ears. The locusts."Agnes shuddered at mentioning the insects, before popping upright."Oh! That reminds me! James was holding on to something rather curious… Oh, where is it? It's around... here..." she trailed as she dug through her desk drawers. "Ah, here it is."She produced a long, artfully carved wooden stick made of mahogany."That's my wand," James said, awestruck as he relieved Agnes of the wand and inspected it. Agnes looked relieved to be free of it, and James slipped it into his back pocket."May I... see it?" Agnes asked suddenly. "Magic, I mean?""Huh?" James asked. "Oh, sure," he smiled as he pulled the wand back out and with a simple swish, produced a bouquet of purple and white flowers on her desk."Oh!" Agnes gasped, taken aback, then blushing. "Oh, my. Violets and lilacs... my favorite...""Anyways, magic exists," Lily redirected with a tinge of jealousy, getting them back on track. "Our cottage was protected by certain spells and enchantments that should have made muggles-er, non magic people, unable to know it existed. The fact that many of the people in the village acted liked they couldn't see what happened was because they couldn't see what was happening."Agnes gave her a sharp, calculating look as the gears in her head digested what had just been said. Her eyes widened. "You think I have magic?""Well, yes," James extrapolated. "And no. You see, sometimes, someone is born with magical talent, but it never manifests. It's rare, but it really only happens with people of magical ancestry.""I... see. You think I have magical ancestry?""Well," James tentatively. "Yeah?"The weight of everything hit Mother Agnes all at once. "Oh... dear.""I know this is a lot to take in," Lily added consolingly. "But... do you think we can see him now?"Realization struck Agnes's face, as if she just remembered something terrible. "I'm so sorry!""For what?" James and Lily demanded, shocked at the sudden outburst."I am so, so sorry!"…"He-hey, Jamie Boy!" Lorenzo "Skinny" Panicucci hollered joyfully, his gravelly voice steeped in a heavy New York accent. "Travuhs! Guitar 'ero! Glad to see ya make it out here, Birfday Boy! You free yourselves from dose damn bible thumpuhs?"Eh!" Loretta, Enzo's wife, hollered at him in her own stereotypical Brooklyn accent, waving a long-nailed index finger at him. "What have I told ya 'bout putting down the Lord's Ladies, Enzo?""Ah, shaddup, woman! The guests of 'onor are 'ere, huh?" Enzo came out from around the counter and held his arms out, waving them in for a hug. "How's my favorite Brooklyn Bombers doing, huh? You making as much trouble as you promised?""Damn right!" Travis hollered, gladly stepping into the Italian Americans outstretched arms."What 'ava told ya 'bout language, Travis!" Etta grumbled, but the smile on her face and her own outstretched arms told them she wasn't being too serious. Hugs and greetings were spread around, much to the discontent of some of the other customers, but everybody knew better than to get on the bad side of Loretta Panicucci, so their glares were well ignored.Lorenzo's nickname was a bit ironic, as he was a short, squat man with a heavy paunch and a double chin. He had a deep olive tan, which was barely visible beneath a carpet of arm and body hair. His round face was covered in stubble. His short, graying, curly hair was a mess, but his bright brown eyes were round and kind, and despite his being dressed like a thuggish bookie in a baggy, short sleeved white button down, khakis, and a paperboy hat, he exuded nothing but friendliness. He was easily the nicest dude in New York, despite being born and raised on the mean streets of the Bronx.Loretta, however, was a perfect walking example of a woman who nobody expected to marry a guy like Enzo. She was tall, with feathery blonde hair that was poofed out with so much volumizer that she looked like a peacock. She had a square face, but that didn't make her any less pretty. Her narrow blue eyes seemed to be as sharp as her ears, always watching, listening and catching everything going on around her. She had a mountain of makeup painted on her face to hide her inevitable wrinkles, with bright blue shadow rimming her eyes and a deep scarlet lipstick contrasting heavily with her pale skin. She was dressed garishly in a neon pink tank top, black, high waisted jeans and high top white sneakers. She gave each of the boys a wet, sloppy kiss on the cheek, and they were all obligated to pretend like they thought it was gross.James, Travis, and Brian adored the couple despite(or maybe even because) their odd relationship. A few years prior, the three had once again escaped the orphanage, but didn't take into account a midsummer heat wave. They had been meandering the streets of Manhattan, exhausted and near heat stroke when Lorenzo found them. Scared witless by their condition, he dragged them into his pizza shop with its sweet, sweet air conditioning, filled them up on water and free pizza, and even bought them subway tickets so they weren't hitchhiking back to Staten Island, warning them to not do stupid crap like a worried grandfather all the while. Every time they absconded from the orphanage, they made it a point to visit their friend ever since."Eh, I gotta get your pizza in da oven, Jamie Boy. Why donchas take a boof? Etta will grab yas some drinks and we'll sit with yas.""Don't you need to keep cooking?" Brian asked.Enzo waved him off. "Fuggeda 'bout it, Guitar 'ero. Little Timmy can handle da cooking while we eat!"James led his brothers to their favorite booth, the one in the far back corner of the pizzeria. Loretta brought them their favorites; for James, an Original New York Seltzer, for Travis, an extra sweet tea, and for Brian, a root beer with two shots of vanilla syrup. Loretta dropped the drinks in front them as she slid in the booth next to James, slinging arm around his shoulders and giving him a fierce one armed hug. She had pulled him face first into her chest and filled his nostrils with her strong, sharp, old lady perfume which made him a little light headed, but he endured it with a grin.It was what he imagined having a big sister to be like."Happy birthday, kiddo!" she teased, locking his neck in her forearm and giving him a noogie. "Ya finally joined your brothers in the double digits! How ya feel?""Old," James joked back, rubbing his sore head."Pfft, gimme a break, will ya," she gave him a condescending look and motioning to her body with hands capped with perfectly . "Enjoy your youth and beauty while ya got it, kiddo. It fades fast, lemme tell ya.""Aw, you're still the prettiest girl in Manhattan to me, Loretta" Travis sucked up with grin."Easy there, Travuhs," Lorenzo hollered jokingly. "That's my wife yer talkin' to!""Charmer," Loretta laughed and waggled her perfectly plucked eyebrows, kicking his shin playfully under the table. "Keep that up, pretty boy, and you'll be a ladykiller before you're even legal!""Fingers crossed," James and Travis joked at the same time, each holding up crossed fingers."Jinx, you owe me coke," James thundered quickly, before Travis could."I got coke for ya," Travis muttered, rolling his eyes. "You gotta ask Squirrelly Pam's, she's got it for ya around the corner.""Hey," Loretta pointed a warning finger at him. "Don't joke about ole Pam's habits. She's been through a lot, ya know?""Ya!" Lorenzo laughed from the pizza oven. "A whole lotta-""ENZO! Stop talking like dat in fronna da kids!""If dey don't learn if from me, dey're gonna learn ir from da streets, Etta! 'Least we can teach 'ow to polite 'bout et!""It ain't right!""Hooooooh, you always saying, 'Oh, tis ain't right,' 'Dat ain't right,'" Lorenzo laughed her off as he hauled a massive pepperoni pizza that was cooked to perfection to the table and slid it on the table. "I know yer history, woman, and dat, girl, dat ain't right."Loretta slapped his arm. "Enzo!""Enzo!" he mocked playfully, making a funny, mocking face and making James and Travis laugh. Chuckling at himself as she glared daggers at him, Lorenzo kissed her on the temple. "I tell ya, boy, I don't get no respect.""Whatevuh, ya fat Italian slob," Loretta jabbed, poking him in his gut as he pulled a chair from the nearest table and sat the the edge of the booth."Whated I tell yas? See? No respect!""None whatshoevuh," James agreed over a mouthful of cheese and pepperoni. He already had another folded slice of pizza in his mouth by the time Loretta gave him the 'Mom' glare, and he grinned. "Showwee.""Uh huh, sure, you're sorry," Loretta jabbed him in the rubs with a knuckle. "If ya were sorry, you wouldn't talk with that mouth full!Brian giggled, as if just coming back into the conversation from outer space. "Oh, sweet! Pizza's here!"…"I can't believe she let them go," James seethed as they exited the orphanage. "They're kids!""Who are stubborn troublemakers that can't be stopped from doing what they want," Lily reminded him as he wheeled her up to the Crown Vic. She held her arms out expectantly, and he obliged, picking her up. "Sound familiar?""Uh, should it?" James asked incredulously as Remus took the wheelchair and folded it, while Sirius opened her car door."Ugh, you're impossible," she rolled her eyes and laughing as he carefully set her down in her seat."Us," Sirius laughed as he got into the car. "She's talking about us, Prongs."James grumbled as he helped Lily lift her legs into the cab. "We weren't any where near this bad."Remus and Sirius shared an awkward look. "What?" James demanded. The two looked away from him, chuckling. "What? Lily?""Er-yeah, James," definitely weren't that bad.""Yeah, you're right," Remus agreed jokingly. "We were angels in comparison."James narrowed his eyes, before remembering their exploits against Severus Snape, Rodolphus Lestrange, and Evan Rosier."I hate all of you," James muttered as he got in the car and cranked the engine."Aw, the precious little deer in a group is grumpy, Moony," Sirius teased, poking James in the neck."Aw, piss off mate," he growled."He's just disgruntled because his son is apparently more like him than he'd have liked," Remus observed."Oof," Lily grunted. "Wee bit rough, that one.""It is not rough because it is not true.""I dunno, Prongs, being an Auror has kinda killed your adventurous streak," Sirius prodded with a laugh.James narrowed his eyes at him in the mirror, but Sirius maintained his devilishly roguish sense of self innocence. "Are you serious, Padfoot?"Sirius grinned and James immediately regretted the question. "Why, yes, James, I AM Sirius.""Uuuuuugh," James groaned as the rest of the car broke out into full blown laughter. James couldn't help but start to join them. It felt cathartic. Nostalgic."Its good to see you laugh, again, old friend," Remus proclaimed, leaning forward to pat his shoulder. "Mother Agnes pointed us to all their haunts. We'll find him."James felt his shoulders, which didn't even know were so tight, loosen. Lily took his hand squeezed it, and gave him that million galleon smile he couldn't help but reciprocate."I know."…After spending a great lunch hour with Loretta and Lorenzo, James led the happily full trio out of the Upper East End and into Yorkville. Their small, young frames had running through all the road and foot traffic easy, and it didn't take them long to tear down East 84th. They stopped for a break at one of the intersections, and being thirsty, James snuck into one of the nearby convenience stores and slinked back out with a trio of ice cold bottled waters.They wasted some time hanging out with a random street musician hanging out at a bus stop who was playing his sax for quarters, trading banter with the Jamaican born man before running off again, because Brian heard somebody playing guitar further on down the street. The player turned out to be a standoffish jerk, though, so Travis kicked over the lid to his guitar case, left open for people to toss change into, and they booked it to get away from the angry hippie."Shoulda stolen his piece," Brian wheezed as they entered the small gate into Carl Shurz Park at the intersection of 84th and East End."Psh, as if the Sisters would let ya keep it, even if ya did," Travis grumbled as they slowed their pace to a stroll."I coulda hid it," Brian defended, giving Travis a playful shove. "Donnie Way's got our backs. He'd have held onto it for us.""Eh, it was crappy ole Yamaha, anyway," James shrugged. "You'd be tuning it it more than you'd be playing it, if ya ask me.""Good thing he didn't!" Travis shouted, giving James a similar shove and running full tilt away, laughing."Hey!" James hollered, running after him.Carl Shurz Park was a lush sliver of green and earthy atmosphere amongst the drab gray and exhaust fume-choked air of Manhattan. It was a little slice of better, in the words of Mother Agnes, and the trails that ran across the park were frequently used by joggers, dog walkers, and the lonely few who pined to get the hell away from the bustling city surrounding them. It sat nestled against the East River, and Travis was leading them straight to the basketball courts, which had a front row seat view of the river, as well as the skylines of Roosevelt Island and Brooklyn.They watched a group of black guys shooting some hoops to the beats of Run DMC, Digable Planets, and Father MC, and they even joined in on a few games before half the guys decided to move on. Brian meandered off down one of the trails, Travis started a pick up game with some the left over players, and James found a couple of old guys, a frumpy looking white man with coke-bottle glasses and crazy hair, and a shaved bald, portly black guy dressed in plaid and dockers, playing chess at a nearby picnic table. He sat with them and watched as they played, trying to (once again) learn the rules of the game before giving up and pulling out his new sketchpad.The two old men were a bit wary of him drawing them, but when he was satisfied with his work he ripped it out of the book and gave it them, and elicited a laugh from both of them. He had captured their faces both in different comedic moments during their game, with the white dude yawning and trying to his eyes on the bored at the same time, and the back guy laughing maniacally as he put a Knight into Check. Crazy hair gave him a toothless smile and thanked him, and Baldy gave him a hearty high five, telling him, "That's pretty good for kid your age!" with his deep, booming voice.Not seeing Brian, and knowing Travis was still probably playing hoops, James took off leisurely down the riverfront. He passed by Fort Horn's Hook Battery, and ended up at the Gracie Mansion Conservatory, which... he shrugged at and walked away. It was surrounded by beautiful white blossom trees, but he didn't really cherish architecture, and thus didn't waste another moment looking at the building. He lulled his way through the shaded interior of the park, walking the trails enjoying the respite from the hot mid afternoon sun before ending up at the Peter Pan statue.The statue was nestled into basin-like clearing in the park, surrounded by the brick path and plenty of benches, as well as tall trees and... plenty of white flowers. 'I hear the flowers at Carl Shurz Park are simply stunning,' Mother Agnes's voice echoed in his head. With a lopsided grin, James found an empty bench facing at an interesting angle to the statue and its surrounding white flowers, and got to sketching. He lined in the ground, the stone brick lining the raised earth supporting it, and the backgrounds trees. He roughed in the statue, a young looking boy sitting on a tall rock, horn held loosely in the right hand that supported him on the rock, looking down at a lamb standing behind him.James got more into it, more in the zone, as he started detailing in the bushes and flowers surrounding Peter Pan. He shaded in the shadows, added in Pan's shirt, a loose, collared tunic tied at the waist, and swirled a few tufts of hair sticking up from his feathered cap. James then decided to risk doing something he had never done before with great precision; he started adding in the colors. He was a little nervous, as this was supposed to go to Mother Agnes, but he felt that practicing would be worth the risk. With his memory, he could just redraw it later if he messed up.Not even paying attention to the passersby or to Brian, who had actually stumbled across James, he got to work. He was completely engrossed in filling in the blank spaces in between the lines with vibrant colors. Yellow pistils with black streaks reaching out the center of pure white petals, with green stalks and bush leaves, were filled in first. Gnarly bush branches, bark, and the lumber of the park benches were next, with him giving a lighter hand to the parts that were exposed to the flitting sunlight coming through the trees. He didn't have a dedicated gray pencil, so he settled on a regular tracing pencil and a light press to fill in the gray concrete bricks, cursing himself for not adding the lines separating the individual blocks and filling them in as he went.For whatever reason, he saved the grass and the statue for last. He tackled the grass first, going back to green and adding little yellow highlights to capture the idea of sunlight hitting them, using the same premise he had with the trees. He sat and stared at the drawing of the statue, then looked to his pencils, then back to the statue.He didn't have a "bronze" pencil."Well, crap," He sighed."Keep it blank," Brian said hollowly, scaring the daylights out of James, who almost tossed the book because he still hadn't realized his brother had been there."Jesus," James seethed, as he balanced the sketchpad on his lap."It'd be a sorta statement, doncha think?" Brian continued, looking up from the drawing to James. "Like, nature, taking back it's splendor from the man made object, or something like that."James looked back at the statue thoughtfully, mulling it over. "Man, I dunno what goes on inside your head, but you should get it checked."Brian shrugged."Have to take your advice, though,"James muttered, scowling at the pencils. "I don't think I can blend colored pencils together to make a new color like that.""Nature's already taking what belongs to it," Brian affirmed with a grin.James half scoffed, half laughed. "You, uh, you're probably right.""I know.""'Sup, nerds?" Travis called out as he jogged up them covered in sweat. "Whatcha doin'?""James is drawing flowers," Brian answered as James gave him a betrayed look."Laaaaaaame," Travis drawled, pulling his shirt off to mop the sweat from his face. "Wanna bounce? Starting to get late, and I kinda wanna see what the bars are playing tonight."They were too young to actually go in the bars, but that didn't stop from loitering outside and listening. The three were keenly aware of the more punk rock and metal themed joints, and the best bet to either get to listen to Metallica or even some really good local bands were in, or around them. James shoved the sketchpad back into his bag and stood up."Let's go!"…They were already back in Staten Island, passing by a few of their favorite music haunts when they noticed they were being followed. Kids though they may have been, one didn't just run the streets of New York without picking up on how to avoid the more dangerous elements of the city.James was the first one to notice. A man and a woman had been trailing them, about fifty feet back. The man had a striking, long face with a prominent nose and jutting chin. The woman was far shorter and thicker than her her tall, thin counterpart. She had a squat, chubby face plastered with the foulest sneer he'd ever seen(and growing up in New York, he'd seen a lot of sneering faces.) They shared the same dirty blonde hair, the man's cut short to his skull while the woman had hers pulled back into a severely tight bun. They were also dressed oddly for the weather, all in black and covered in trench coats that swept the ground behind them."Yo," James said quietly, poking Brian in the side. He made a vague motion behind him, and Brian took the next opportunity to look behind them. Out of the corner of James Dean's eye, he swore he could see Brian's pitch black pupils turn milky white, but when he blinked, they were normal."That's no good," Brian muttered, shivering. He tapped Travis on the shoulder and whispered something in his ear, and Travis himself nonchalantly looked behind them a few moments later. When he was facing forward again, he gulped."Yeah, I noticed them a few blocks back. Whats with the cultist get up?""I 'unno, man," James muttered. His eyes began to get shifty, and he kept looking behind him."Watch our front," Brian whispered softly."Huh?" James and Travis asked congruently."I... call it a hunch."James and Travis shared knowing looks. They knew better than to argue with Brian's hunches, which were almost always right. James took the lead and subtly shifted them from walking side by side to front to back, putting himself in front and Travis in the rear, to keep an eye on their tails. He led them on a ziz-zagging course back to the orphanage, which, while he knew they were bound for getting the switch for running away again, they would at least be safe.A few blocks away from the orphanage, Brian's prediction came true. A pair of men, dressed exactly like their tails were now coming straight at them. The one on the right, who had bright blonde hair and a pig like face, elbowed his scar faced, dark haired companion and pointed right at James."Come back from outer space, Brian," James murmured, keeping his eyes up front but reaching back to grab Brian's arm. Pulling him up to walk side by side, the two shorter boys were framed by the taller Travis, who covered their backs. "It's go time."

If you're reading this, much love. Updates are going to be up and down and all around as my life is being pulled in all kinds of directions. Many thanks for the follows, faves, and reviews.I have found that playing devil's advocate makes life harder, and for good reason. Seeing things from someone else's perspective nullifies many pleasurable things get receive when we don't look through another's eyes, most especially the sense of righteous, vindicating anger. Playing the devil's advocate does, however, tend to make you a better, more understanding, and tolerant person.Understanding another's point of view can save the world.ENJOI…Sirius and James led the search. Using their training as Aurors, they scoured the city to the best of their ability. They talked to barkeeps, shop owners, street musicians, and even random pedestrians. They had, by the early evening, found that the three boys had stopped at a pizza shop in the Upper East End, according to a cook that worked there. When asked if anybody had talked to them, the cook claimed the owner and his wife were close to them, but they had turned the shop over to the cook for the day so they could have a night off. A street musician claimed he was harassed by three boys who matched their descriptions, and was particularly upset about a scuff mark "the dopey looking one" had left on his guitar case, and demanded they replace it. After Sirius told the man to sod off, they found an elderly man in a park who showed James and Lily a drawing that a boy who looked like James Dean had drawn of him and his friend playing chess. The crazy haired old man laughed as he looked at the picture, smiling and holding it dearly."Kids get around," Sirius muttered as he slipped a piece of colorful muggle candy in his mouth as they stepped out of a convenience store, garnering odd or appreciate looks due to Sirius's fashion sense."Apparently," James Sr. replied, sipping from his coffee cup. "We've visited all their known frequented places. They could be anywhere in this damnable city.""Well, there's one place we haven't looked that they frequent," Remus pointed out as they rejoined Lily in the car."What's that? We crossed them all off the list," James retorted as he turned the engine over."The orphanage," Remus answered.Sirius, James, and Lily all stared at him, but he shrugged. "They have to rest sometime. It could very well be that they have already returned to the only place they know that has guaranteed food, beds, and their personal belongings.""Or even that they never left the orphanage at all," Sirius conceded, looking impressed."Possible," James agreed, looking thoughtful. "Agnes herself said the boys faced mistreatment at the hands of some of the nuns. They could've been harassed and locked up for all we know.""Don't attribute to villainy, that which can explained by incompetence," Lily reminded him, giving him a skeptical look. "Mother Agnes also said that many of the nuns don't want them there at all, so it could be that they were seen leaving, and the sisters said nothing at all.""You're right," James conceded. He was loathe to admit, but he did have a slight bias towards muggles that he was working on trying to eradicate. "We've been running around the city all afternoon. It can't hurt to check."…James and Brian approached the men coming at them from the front with feigned ignorance. They were still half a block away from each other, but the sidewalks were oddly less populated than usual, so the three had as perfect a view of them as they had of the three. James felt a nudge in the small of his back, and when he slipped his arm below his leg, he felt cool metal be slipped into his palm. He handled Travis's lucky pocket knife carefully, prying the old blade open and hiding it in his left pocket.He could almost count the feet separating them from their pursuers, and it became impossible for James to hide his acknowledgment of their intentions. The two smiled like hyenas who had encircled a wounded antelope, their scarred, craggy faces splitting open in devious glee. James and Brian were almost to them when the first one reached out to grab James by the neck when he lashed out, taking hold of the man's wrist with his right hand and swiping with the knife in his left hand, gouging a deep trench in the man's palm.Brian, too, went on the offensive, grabbing the second man's outstretched arm and savagely bit into his wrist. James and Brian then mirrored each other, yanking the men's outstretched arms and bringing their knees into the men's respective groins before bolting down the sidewalk. Travis finished them by roughly shoving them backwards into the pavement as they were doubled over before catching up to his friends."Aaaargh!" James heard come from behind him. "Get them!" the voice thundered, belonging to the woman. She sounded distinctly British, and James's mind pondered for only a moment why some British chick was chasing some nobody American orphan like him.James Dean led them down a shortcut through an alley, were they catapulted over trash cans and leap-frogged over a small, huddled homeless man before emerging on the next street down. They dashed across the slightly busy street, evading cars and a dump truck as they made it to the other side. A loud pop overtook the sound of the hustle and bustle, and somehow, the man with dirty blonde hair who had been behind them was in front of them."Oh crap!" Travis cursed, voice panicky."No time! Wipe him out!" James declared, grabbing Brian's arm and coming to a screeching halt.Travis ducked under James's arm and hunched himself down, doing the best Lawrence Taylor impersonation he could as he tackled the man. Blondie easily had a head or two of height over Travis, but he was rail thin, and with Travis being hunched over like linebacker, Travis's lower center of gravity knocked him full force off his feet. He didn't fall over, as hoped, but he flew backwards a foot or two and knocked off balance. Windmilling his arms(which James saw he was holding some kinda thin wooden stick,) he slipped off the sidewalk and into the street.Right into the path of an oncoming car.James, Brian and Travis didn't stop to watch as the man got power slammed in to the hood of an old Dodge Omni. They took back off in a beeline for the orphanage, which was now just a few blocks away. Despite the fear of the situation fueling his body, James's skinny legs were beginning to protest, and his chest heaved as he sprinted. He didn't dare slowed down. Kids like him, like Brian and Travis, went missing all the time in New York. He'd heard talk in the back alleys of what happened to them. He wasn't interested in becoming another Lost Boy nobody cared about.Minutes later, St. Bernadette's front entrance came into view as they rounded a street corner. They were only a block away, but James didn't slow down. Don't count the chickens until they hatch, he reminded himself. Half a block away. A quarter of a block away. Another building and then across the street...Another pop resounded across the boulevard, and Lady Blondie appeared out of thin air, with a malicious, Cheshire grin and her arm held up, holding a little stick like the one James saw before. James didn't get to process what was happening when a black Crown Victoria screeched to halt in front of them, and a red headed woman pointed her own stick out of the passenger side window."Petrificus-" Lady Blonde started to scream."Expelliarmus!" the red head yelled, and the stick in Lady Blonde's hand went flying.Brian ran out in front of the stopped Ford, sucker punching Lady Blonde as he ran past her. James deftly(much to his awe and sense of cool,) jumped and slid across the car's hood, landing on one foot and tearing off for the orphanage doors. Travis jumped and, planting his foot onto the open window rest of the Crown Vic, bolted over the car's roof before following his friends inside."Remus!" James heard one of the occupants of the car yell. "Take the car and get out of here! Guard Lily!"James didn't spare a glance back to see who was barking orders and who Remus was. He all but knocked the door to the orphanage down as he, Travis, and Brian scrambled through it and ran into no one else but Sister Agatha."There you three are!" she screeched, about ready to lay into them."No time!" James cut her off, grabbing her by the waist and moving her to the side roughly, getting her out of the way. They left Agatha in the dust as they bowled into their dormitory. James leaped over his bed, which was a grave miscalculation on his part, as he landed belly first on the floor between his and Brian's bed. Not even taking the time to brush the dust off, he scrabbled under his cot.Needless to say, there were twenty other orphan boys who were completely puzzled. A moment later, heavy footfalls filled the dormitory as two pairs of legs ran in, one wearing a marvelous pair of boots, the other clad in plain looking oxfords. To their credit, the other orphan boys didn't say a word, they just asked the strange man what he was doing and what was happening. He didn't give an explanation, just started to stalk across the room, looking at all of them. James tried desperately to slow his breathing to remain hidden. He didn't know who these guys were, but he wasn't about to trust them just because they attacked their stalkers."James?" a distinctly British man's voice called out. It wasn't angry. It wasn't even mean. It sounded... concerned? "James Dean Potter!?"James made eye contact with Travis, who was across from him, also hiding under his bed. James's eyes widened, and Travis looked at him questioningly. James gave a shrug in response."James, its me!" the voice called out, sounding desperate. "Its your dad!"Travis's eyes bugged out, looking at James in utter shock. James stared back at him, mirroring his expression. More footsteps bounded in the hall, and from what James could see, they were nuns, as they there clad in flats and ankle length black skirts."What is going on here, Mr. Potter?" Mother Agnes cried. "It sounds like a warzone in here!""Settle boys!" Sister Harriet ordered, as she and another nun came in to restore a semblance of peace. They tried to shush the others, to little effect, as the men started going around the room, searching. Travis was starting to look scared as he huddled beneath his bed, quivering, and James couldn't blame him. He still tried to wrap his mind around the man's claim when Mother Agnes heaved a sigh and said, "Boys. Come on out, its okay."The room fell silent, and the British men stopped in their tracks. Travis had stopped shaking, and James could hear scuffling behind him. He snapped his head back and saw Brian coming out from beneath his own cot, and stood there in the center, arms at his side and probably already staring off into space."Gigs up, boys," Brian said quietly. "Might as well give up."James considered the logic, and yeah, he was right. Shrugging, James pulled himself out from under the cot, and stood next to Brian, shoving his hands in his pockets avoiding trying to look at anybody. Travis took a moment, but slowly joined them, crossing his arms and looking up at the ceiling."Merlin's beard," the British man breathed, voice tinged with awe and something else James couldn't identify. He was a tall, lean man with pale skin, messy black hair, and had a relieved, happy sort of expression on his weathered face. "You have your mother's face."James snapped up at this, and for the first time in his life, looked into his father's eyes.They looked just like his.…Slowly, but surely, the three boys had climbed out from under their cots. The first one looked a little spacey to James Sr., as if his dark, black pupils were looking off at something a million miles away. He was short and lean for his age, except his pudgy face, which had a decent amount of baby fat left on it. Said face was framed by wispy, straight tufts of light brown hair that ended in little, natural spikes. His skin was the off-white color of old parchment, and he held a neutral stance with his arms at his sides and his face pointed straight.Next came his son, who had James's undivided attention at that point. He had short, feathery black hair that was slicked back, prominently showing a pronounced widows peak. His skin was pale and his cheekbones gaunt, not at all like the first boy, Brian, and his hazel eyes were slightly sunken and had slight bags under them, as if he was malnourished and didn't get enough sleep. James Dean's face was narrow, angular and sharp, and he was easily an inch or two shorter than the first boy. This, and his almost skeletal looking frame, made his clothes hang from him as if they were made for a boy three times his size.James Dean joined his friend and shoved his hands in his pockets. His neck and shoulders were slumped, his stomach pointing out a bit, and he kept his head and gaze pointed down, avoiding eye contact with anybody in the dorm. It struck the elder James that he looked quite a bit like a hawk perched on a post, and the too-big button down he was wearing made it look all the more like a feathered bird tail.The third boy would have been completely ignored by James Sr. if it weren't for his exotic appearance. He was easily the tallest and fittest of the three friends, and his short, kinky hair was a bright and vivid blonde. His skin, which was the color of dark toasted caramel, was contrasted by bright, tropical blue eyes and an almost mathematically symmetrical face. He stood next to James and crossed his arms, looking up at the ceiling, trying to look nonchalant.Without another thought, James marched up to his son, his baby boy. "Merlin's beard," he couldn't help but say. "You have your mother's face."James Dean's eyes sprang up at this declaration, meeting James Sr.'s, and it felt like the universe just all clicked into place. His own hazel eyes stared up at him. They were tinged with suspicion, and fear, maybe, but James Sr. smiled anyway. He couldn't fault him for that. He'd been through hell, spending his whole life believing he was an unwanted, freaky orphan.James Dean narrowed his orbs a bit, wary of his father's grin, but didn't falter his gaze. He said nothing, hell he didn't so much as twitch a muscle. James Sr. fell to his knees anyway. James Sr. took the boy's cheek in his hand anyway. He pressed his forehead to his son's anyway."I've found you..." he whispered, smile growing bigger. "I've finally found you."The boy took a second to consider his response before replying, "Yeah, well, it took ya long enough."James Sr. should have been hurt, or confused, or even angry at the irreverent joke. But instead, he laughed. He relished the sound of his son's voice. It was smooth, like his mother's, but with a dark, slight American/New York accent to it, but wasn't nearly as heavy as the ones he had heard throughout the day."Hey, now, you try finding a needle in the wrong haystack, see how long it takes you."...Any response James Dean could have made was cut off by a loud POP! Startled, everybody in the room turned to the door as a frumpy looking man with fading scars pushed a pretty redheaded woman into the dormitory."James!" Scarface announced frantically. "They're back!"His father hand fell from James Dean's face and the man was standing in an instant. "Mother Agnes, you need to get these children out of here. Moony, take Lily and help her."He looked down at James with stern determination. "That includes you."James Dean wasn't given much time to argue, as Sister Harriet had him grabbed by the shoulder in an instant and was dragging him to the door and down the hallway. He still hadn't had the time to process everything going on. People were making impossible feats like teleportation and telekinesis seemingly happen with little wooden sticks. A man claiming to be his dad swoops in at the last minute to miraculously save and reunite with him. The nuns were taking orders from a strange group of British men like they knew what they were doing.James was smart, but he had a hard time wrapping his ten year old brain around what was happening.The nuns squirreled the boys, Scarface, or 'Moony', and the wheelchair bound woman into the girl's dormitory, packing them in like sardines. Lucinda, one the orphan girls, looked at James Dean in disgust as he was forced to stand next to her, a look he shot back at her. Oddly enough, the wheelchair bound woman seemed oddly insistent to remain as close to James Dean as possible, and Scarface kept looking at him with an oddly sappy face. Agnes instructed Sister Anna to find any other Sister and orphan around and send them there. The room was full of chatter as confused orphans and nuns asked questions and drew conclusions about the current circumstances until Agatha hollered at them to be quiet.The girl's dormitory fell quiet and stayed that way for a few minutes. The woman in the wheelchair placed her hand on James's back and gave him what she probably thought was a reassuring smile, but he was too busy wracking his brain coming up with a plausible explanation to what was happening. His frown deepened as he struggled to come to rational conclusion. With the quieting of the room, he let his mind ponder.There's no way a person could run fast enough to, in a matter of ten seconds, go from being a few hundred feet behind someone running at full speed, to being ten feet ahead of them. And yet, two of those black clad freaks had managed to do so. Twice.There's no way a person armed with a stick could blow another little stick out of somebody's hand from ten feet away. And yet, the woman with her hand on his back had done so.Maybe it was all a gimmick? A prank? It was entirely possible. James, Brian and Travis pulled pranks all the time. Perhaps this was them getting their just desserts, the nuns and these people getting a spot of revenge... but James Dean grew skeptical of the theory. It would be patently against the nun's demeanor to pull such a stunt, and nigh impossible to get all the orphans, all the other Sister's, Mother Agnes herself, and these odd Brits to all go in on such a theatrical demonstration.What else, then? These Brits working to to pull a stunt by themselves? He discarded the thought as Mother Agnes wouldn't fall for it, as she was far worldlier than she let on. A very detailed plan to kidnap him and his friends? Not likely. He wasn't important enough to be given too much effort.He wracked his brain for something, anything, to explain this all away. There had to be a rational way to frame this. There had to be. Right?In the absence of a reasonable explanation, that which you would consider absurd becomes absolutely possible. The words of Father Duke, the Father in charge of St. Bernadette's church, came to James's mind. He almost wanted to laugh it off, once again just consider it baseless, religious nonsense, but...A lack of evidence isn't proof something doesn't exist. The negative proof fallacy, another one of Father Duke's arguments.And hell, James was fresh out of rational explanations. Teleportation wasn't possible, not because it was absolutely, universally impossible, but because James just didn't have the knowledge to do it. Using a stick to blow a stick out somebody's hand from feet away wasn't possible, not because it couldn't happen, but because he simply didn't know how it was possible.So what was the absurd explanations for what was happening? One word popped into James Dean's skeptical head. Magic. Putting aside the absolute idiocy of the concept, the sheer ridiculousness of the very glimmer of the idea, it explained everything. The sticks were wands. The teleportation and telekinesis were spells. The two women he saw using said wands even yelled some hocus pocus, abrakadabra nonsense that sound like magic spells. Absurd, yes, but it fitlike a glove."Bombarda!" a distant voice yelled, before the racket of the front hall exploding shook the entire orphanage. Girls shrieked in high pitched squeals, and the other boys cried out in equally high prepubescent roars. Almost everyone, however, huddled down on their knees in fright. Scarface didn't, so James Dean didn't, either, and Brian and Travis emulated him. Some of the nuns had started clutching their rosaries, praying silently for this to end. End it did not, however, as the sound of brawl started emanating from the hallways. Distinctly British voices were yelling ridiculous words, like "Expelliarmus!" "Confrigo!" "Avada Kedavra!" "Protego!" and Stupefy!"Yup. Definitely spells.The air started to fill with a motley of smells ranging from dust and wood smoke to ozone, making some in the girl's dormitory whisper about it only to be hushed or swatted at. The door to the dorm opened suddenly, and everyone froze.The two men who had came at James, Brian, and Travis walked in, and the smiles on their faces grew larger and more sinister the more they looked at what was before them."Let's see," the one who tried to grab James earlier laughed, looking at everyone in the room gleefully. James noted with pride that his right hand was wrapped in blood soaked cloth. "The boy, the mother, the Order's resident abomination, and a slew of wee muggles to play with, eh?""Indeed," said his companion, clothes tattered and covered in dirt, his face now heavily marred by blood road rash. He fixed James with a look of intent. "Gonna make ya pay fer what ya did to my face, lad.""Not," Scarface shot back. "If I have anything to say about it.""Good thing ya don't, then, Lupin!" Roadrash Blondie screamed, pointing his wand him. "Avada-""Stupefy!" the woman in the wheelchair cried, and Roadrash flew backwards into the wall, and all hell broke loose.The orphans did what comes naturally to children when faced with scary, life or death situations. They rioted. Many tried to crowd the far end of the room, while others bolted for the door. The sisters tried to rally them, but you can't herd scared cats. The men in black, it seemed, didn't have any problem harming the kids, as they shoved, kicked, and slammed them out of their way, while the woman in the wheelchair and Lupin were forced to not use their magic as they wouldn't dare harm the children.James had already done the calculations. If this woman and man could use magic, and those men could use magic, and they were after him, Travis, and Brian, then that meant there was a high possibility that he could use magic as well. It seemed simple enough. Wrist movement seemed to play a sort of role, but for the most part, it seemed like yell a spell, then point and shoot. If movies, books, and the fantasy genre in general were anything to go by, then a degree of willpower, as well, had to be a factor. He wasn't sure what the spell that made the wands go flying meant, but it disarmed the opponent, so it would be effective enough. The woman couldn't maneuver, and Lupin would hurt the scrambling orphans trying to escape if he shot through them, and certain couldn't jump over them...That was it.He sprang into action, then, snagging the wand from the woman's hand and climbed over the top of his fellow scrambling orphans. It was a big risk he was taking, but he never was bad at math. "Expelliarmus!" he roared as he leapt at the first man.A look of shock ran across the black clad man's gnarly face as his wand flew from his hand. James landed with a thud off to the man's left, leaving him floored in between the two bad guys. Travis deftly caught the man's tossed wand, however, and gave the second man a grin. Picking up what James was putting down, he pointed the stolen wand at the second guy as he was struggling to get up and passed retreating kids."Expelliarmus!"The man's wand, too, flew through the air, and clattered to the floor at Brain's feet. Space eyed and indifferent, Brian picked it up, shrugged, and pointed it back at the first man, who had a growing look of concern taking over his dour mug."Stupefy!" he yelled, and the man flew backwards, the back of his head cracking on the wall as he collapsed in a heap."Petrificus totalus!" Lupin yelled, and Roadrash seized, as if he was frozen completely from the eyes down. "Run!" he ordered to the remaining nuns and children. "Take them around back, get them out of the building!" He made to move to the door, but stopped, and looked back at the woman in the wheelchair. She gave him a nod, before grabbing the wrist of one of the nuns."Could you take me with you? I'm not much good in a fight," she asked with a warm smile."Of course," the nun replied shakily, taking the handles of the chair and wheeling her to the door. James Dean slipped her the wand he'd stolen from her as she passed, and she gave him a gracious, beautiful smile. "Thank you," she said she patted his cheek. "You did well."Lupin then turned and regarded the three. He was well dressed, if a little frumpy and thin. His brown hair and green eyes contrasted with his pale, scarred face, but he gave them a little, knowing smirk. "Well, your father will probably kill me for this... but come on."James Dean, Travis and Brian followed Lupin quietly as he led them towards the front of the orphanage, where the man who claimed to be his dad and his partner, the tall, handsome man with a roguish goatee and Victorian fashion sense were locked in to a fight with the other two black clad baddies. James and Lady Blonde were at the point of just slinging spells back in forth at each other, with his father on the high ground, crouching behind a shattered piece of wall, and her out on the grass of the front lawn. Goatee man was deftly dancing and evading the spells from his opponent, who had gotten into the shattered remain of the front office.Lupin didn't bother introducing himself. He shot a stupefying spell at the woman, who fell backwards into the sidewalk, her head smacking a fire hydrant in a sickening crunch. Her comrade paused, taking stock of the situation before disappearing. He reappeared over Lady Blonde, grabbing her by the leg and disappearing again. A loud pop resonated back from the girls dorm, and James Dean could assume what was happening.He was grabbing his other buddies and checking out.…James sat alone in the empty room, across from the wheel chair lady. Nothing had really been said since they had all been led to the room by Mother Agnes and Lupin and had sat down. They had just stared at each other, both sides really not knowing what to say. He was surprised that he and his friends weren't yelled at for attacking the black clad men, and even more shocked when Remus commended them for their bravery before leaving him with the wheelchair bound woman.It had been thirty minutes since the black clad attackers had retreated, and it had been a whirlwind. Some American magic users, who said they were 'Aurors', had arrived to take control of the situation. His father, and his friend with the Victorian fashion sense claimed to be "Aurors," too, and were being interviewed by their American counterparts. One of the American Aurors had explained to the nuns that their memories had to be altered magically, which created an uproar that Mother Agnes had to quell, as screeches about witchcraft and devil worship filled the broken halls.The NYPD and FDNY had to be turned away for some reason, one of the American Aurors spouting something about "government business," and telling the cops and firefighters their presence wasn't needed. The orphanage was being magically reassembled, with all the orphans and nuns being made to stay in the dormitories. Father Duke had arrived, and was being given the play by play from Mother Agnes when she left James Dean and the woman together."I'm glad you're okay," the woman finally said, breaking the ice. "My name is Lily, by the way..."James didn't respond, and examined her. She was dressed well, if not a little conservatively. She wore a white blouse and rust-colored corduroys, which complimented her long, vivid red hair. Her green eyes, which felt warm and comforting, were locked on to his, which oddly didn't make him feel uncomfortable. Her skin was dotted with pale freckles, and she had just the beginnings of crow's feet around her eyes."Who... are you?" James Dean asked finally, giving her an analytical look."Well, James..." She started, looking a little bashful. She no longer seemed to be perfectly comfortable in her wheelchair, and she wiggled a little bit. Just her upper body, though. The lower half of her body stayed unnervingly limp. "I'm... I'm your mum."This declaration didn't surprise James Dean as much as he thought it would. It actually felt, in a weird way, sort of right. "I... see," was all he could manage to respond, looking down."Do you... I know this is a long shot, really," she waved her hand in front of her face before pressing it against her mouth for a moment. "But... do you... remember me?"James didn't know how to answer. He honestly didn't, but he felt that the truth was going to upset her. He struggled with how to respond before she wheeled herself up to him and put her hand on his knee."It's okay," she soothed, tears welling up in her eyes. "It's okay, baby. You were too... too young to remember anything. Or anyone. Oh, God... you have no idea how often I think of that awful night..."James stayed quiet and let her talk. She sniffed and dabbed at her eyes, smearing some of her makeup as she did. "But its okay, now. We finally found you."James didn't give her the snark like he had his dad, earlier. Instead, he nodded, quietly, still trying to formulate something, anything, to say. He wasn't well versed in this weepy, emotional thing. He had been jaded for so long that he just usually covered everything up with humor, joking all the pain away. Sarcasm and humor wouldn't see him through this one, and he honestly wasn't equipped to make head or tails of the real, raw emotion of the moment. He struggled to get his head on straight, to figure out something, to stop the out of control spiraling of his feelings."Hey," his mother grabbed his attention. She pulled her forehead to his and pressed into him. She looked him dead in the eye and smiled, her warm breath tickling his chin. "I know."And she meant it. James Dean knew she meant it. He didn't really know how or why, his gut just affirmed that she did. Waves of emotion were crashing down on him like waves. Waves of relief, waves of fear, waves of confusion, waves of feeling like he belonged, waves of oh-god-they're-gonna-take-me-away-from-brian-and-travis, waves of-Stop it, James told himself. He reached out to the hand on his face and grabbed it like a life preserver. He squeezed and held on to it for dear life, and she squeezed his back, tears once again falling down her face. He didn't cry with her, hell, he couldn't even remember when he cried last, but he was right there with her emotionally.He had never been shown this kind of affection before, but he got the general idea of how this strange forehead pressing thing worked, so he gently pushed back. He earned a laugh from her in response, and man did it sound... musical. Like how he thought a mom's laugh should sound like.They stayed like that for a while longer, how long James wasn't sure. He let go of her hand when his emotions stopped racing, and she leaned back. James leaned back as well, slumping against the chair's backrest."You have questions," she declared more than asked.That he did. And he asked. And she answered every single one. She explained to him he was actually a British citizen. Told him about his family, which to his complete shock, included a twin brother named Harry. She happily regaled to him everything about magic, and why people who could use magic had to keep it a secret from muggles, or people who couldn't use magic. He told her of all the times when weird things would happen around him and his friends, and she nodded along, telling him how that was normal for children with magical talent.Finally, James dropped the biggest question he had. "Mother Agnes told me you were dead, that she found Dad dead."Lily paused, giving him an apprehensive look. "Well, yes, about that..."James leaned forward, staring expectantly."You see, not all witches and wizards are good people," she started, twiddling her thumbs.James motioned to orphanage. "Obviously."She laughed at his sarcasm, loosening up a little. "Well, a certain Dark Wizard named Volde-Volde-" she shuddered, as if just saying the name was too much. "Voldemort, was trying to take over the world.""Typical," James Dean scoffed, rolling his eyes. "What other goal could a bad guy possibly have?"She laughed again, and continued. "Your father and I were a part of a group who were fighting against him. He didn't really like that, and when I became pregnant with you and your brother, we went into hiding. On Halloween night, when you and Harry were just a year old, he found us and came to kill us. Your father and I were..."She trailed off, and looked like she was hiding something. James narrowed his eyes as he observed her hesitation, but didn't press her."We were knocked out. He tried to attack you and Harry. I don't know how, but he failed, and was hurt by something. We don't know what, just that he retreated, and hasn't been seen since. In the chaos, you...""Were found by Mother Agnes."She nodded. "Yeah. And we've been looking for you ever since." she held her hands out as if to say, 'well that's the story', before folding them in her lap. "The Dark Lord's followers were either rounded up or disbanded. It's been a rather peaceful eight years, despite everybody still fearing his dreadful name."James Dean nodded slowly, taking her story in. He looked at her and held a finger up, though. "You were going to say something."She looked at him, puzzled."When you were talking about the night we were attacked. When he knocked you out. You almost said something else, but didn't."She gave him a queasy grimace. "You're quite perceptive. I... didn't really want to say it...""Please," he pleaded softly. "I want to know."She gave him that said he didn't, but he refused to relent. "Oh, fine... he used a spell on us. A horrid, dark, evil spell, designed to only kill. There's no spell that can block or deflect it. He used that spell on us...""Then how are you...""Still alive?" she finished for him, giving him a helpless look. She shrugged. "I don't know. Nobody does, not even Dumbledore... We've tried so hard to find out how, and we're pulling wood chips out of the bottom of the barrel."James nodded, accepting her answer. She didn't seem like she was lying."So," he said, trying to change the subject. "I guess... this means you're wanting me to go to England.""Well, of course," she said, puzzled.James gave her a sad look. "My friends are here."Her face melted into absolute sympathy. "I know, Jamie, and-""They're the only family I've ever had," he stated point blank, feeling the tidal waves of emotion coming back at him again. "That I have ever known. They're the only ones I have ever been able to truly count on. They're my brothers... I can't just leave them. I... I won't."Silence filled the room again, as neither really knew what else to say.They were pulled from their silent contemplation by Sirius, the man dressed in the impeccable waistcoat and nice boots. Lily introduced the man to James Dean, explaining that he was his honorary uncle and one her closest friends. The man gave him a mile wide grin and pulled him into a bone crushing hug."Heard from Remus that you're a quick one," he said as he pulled James Dean in close. "Bit of a troublemaker, are we?"James Dean shrugged. "Pretty much, yeah."Sirius laughed loudly and ruffled his hair a bit. "That's my boy," he proclaimed merrily, holding James Dean by the neck softly and looking down at him. James Dean decided he liked him. He had a kind and disarming face, with mischievous gray eyes and long, wavy black hair that kinda reminded James Dean of long, floppy dog ears. He had a kind, confident, and dependable air about him and just felt... well, warm."Come, come," Sirius said holding his arm out in the direction of Mother Agnes's office. "Your father and I are done talking with the Yanks, smoothed everything over.""It's not hard to smooth things over with the cops," James muttered sarcastically as he and Lily followed him down the hall. "Offer them some donuts, and they'll just agree with anything."Sirius have him a genuine, heart laugh. "Know a bit about that, do we?"James Dean gave him a smirk. "Just enough."Sirius gave him a devious wink as he led them to Mother Agnes's office. His father and Remus Lupin were seated across from Mother Agnes, with Father Duke, a portly older man with dark skin and gray hair standing beside her. Sirius helped Lily find a decent spot before putting his hands on James Dean's shoulders and guiding him further down the hall."We're going to talk them about what we all are going to do next, okay?""Talk about taking me away from my brothers, you mean."Lily made to say something, but Sirius waved her off. "No, no, Lily, I've got this."He knelt down and, hands still on James's shoulders. He looked him straight in the eye and smiled. "Things are going to change, yes. That's how life is. But you shouldn't jump to conclusions about that change."He looked down, considering his next words carefully. "You can bet your last galleon that what you and-" he motioned over shoulder in the direction of the boy's dormitory. "And those brave, loyal friends you have can't just be ripped away. I don't want that. Your parents don't want that."James gave a confused stare, his brows furrowing. Sirius gave him another rebellious grin."Trust me. I think you'll see that your mother can make a pretty persuading argument when she wants want to. And if she can't..." he turned and regard Lily for a moment before looking back at James Dean, smiling and giving him a wink. "Then I can."Sirius stood and gave him one last appraising look. "Run along, go join your friends. We won't be long."…"So," Father Duke started in his loud, deep, baritone voice, looking to the Potters. "Mother Agnes has filled me in on all the details of what happened this evening. You're the young man's parents?""Yes, sir," James Sr. answered immediately."Well, then," Father Duke sighed, looking around for a moment. "Then its true? All this business about magic, and having to have our minds erased, and that those boys are like you?""Yes, sir," James Sr. repeated. "Your minds won't be erased, though. Your memories of today will be altered. It'll be like all of this never happened, and to you, it'll just be as if it had been a normal day.""I see," Duke nodded, looking down and caressing a cross he had in his hand. He moved from Mother Agnes's side and paced while contemplating what he'd been told before giving James and Lily a side long glance. "According to the Church, I should have you all thrown out for witchcraft. But after hearing Mother Agnes tell it, you saved the lives of everyone here.""So you're just... okay with all of this?" Remus asked, shocked, as everyone in the room shifted uncomfortably. An American Auror who was keeping watch in the back stayed silent, except to cough awkwardly in his hand. "You're not even surprised?"Father Duke leveled a knowing look at him. "I just watched three strangely dressed men with Texan accents point wands at my shattered and broken church, and with a flick of their wrists, make it better than new. Throughout my long life, I've learned that there is much in this world that we, as mere mortal beings, do not, and cannot understand, young man. Contrary to popular belief, I do not, in fact, know what God has planned. What I do know, is that people who are touched by the devil... they don't put their lives on the line to defend servants of the church, much less those they work to raise."James cocked an eyebrow."Besides," Duke continued, giving them a smug look. "Its not that hard to understand. When you run out of rational explanations, even the absurd seems plausible.""An interesting philosophy," Lily commended.Father Duke held his arms up and shrugged. "As I said, I have had a long life to ponder it. Now, I am assuming that you're going to want to take custody of your son, yes?""Absolutely," James Sr. said immediately."Actually," Lily interjected, grabbing her husband's arm lightly. "We'd also like to discuss adopting the other two, Travis and Brian.""We would?" James asked, looking at her puzzled.Sirius grinned as Lily gave her husband a smile. "James, think about it. They are close to our son. So close, in fact, they consider themselves brothers. Put yourself in their shoes... Would you like to have been separated from Sirius? From Remus?""Well, no, but-""And they are not treated as equals here," she added, motioning to Father Duke and Mother Agnes. "With the exception of them, the rest of the staff here aren't wizard friendly. Even after they all have their memories altered, they will still see those two going to a different school, and without have Jamie around, they'll be subjected to even more possible abuses.""I-yeah, but-""We have a six bedroom house, James. There's plenty of room.""You're right, of course, but-""Plus, between your salary as an Auror, mine as a Mind Healer, and the fortune your parents left us, finances aren't a problem.""I-ugh, this wasn't part of the plan-""James. We were planning on having another child or two, once upon a time. That obviously can't happen now," she indicated to her wheelchair. "How is this any different?""If she hadn't have suggested it, Prongs, I would have," Sirius asserted with a twinkle in his eye."They have magical talent," Remus added helpfully, sharing Sirius's grin. "So its not like they wouldn't fit in."James slumped in his chair after giving them a stern glare, defeated. He turned and gave Father Duke a sheepish look. "We would like to discuss adopting the other two boys, as well..."…James Dean walked into the dormitories with a blank look on his face. He felt kind of numb despite Sirius's encouragement. Being exposed to so much, so quickly with his memory and how fast his brain worked was overwhelming. Travis and Brian stood up from their spots on his cot and rushed up to him, while the other orphan boy had obviously gave them a wide berth, looking at them suspiciously. James ignored them as he turned to look at his brothers."Hey," he said, putting a hand on Brian's shoulder. "You guys were great."Travis gave him a sad smile. "Yeah... you, too.""You're leaving," Brian stated blankly."Yeah, I mean, its not like I get a say on the matter...""Hey," Travis said seriously, slapping his shoulder. "You've been here with us, for us, since we both got dropped here. We've been through thick and thin, and you helped so much. You deserve the chance to get outta here.""Yeah," James Dean replied hollowly."I mean it," Travis assured him, slinging his arm around James Dean's shoulder and pulling him into a rare, one armed hug. "We'll be fine. You get to live in an actual home, now. You get to have an actual family. Christmas, birthdays, your own bedroom. Don't worry about us, we'll be fine. Right, Bri?""Yeah," Brian answered, but unable to keep the sadness out of his voice."C'mon, man, at least make it convincing...""I ain't gonna go," James said firmly as he walked to his cot and sat. "I won't.""Don't be stupid," Travis argued, sitting on his cot opposite of him."Even if you were able to, that'd just be stupid.""You two are like brothers to me. You've been there for me since the beginning.""And your parents can give that and more," Travis shot back. "You'll get to be happy.""I'm happy here-""Bullshit," Travis interjected sharply as he stood suddenly, his crude language making everyone in the room gasp. "Its a living hell here."He motioned to the other boys. "These jerks will never respect the three of us. If you stay here you'll be destined to having to always deal with being a complete and utter outcast. The nuns aren't going to get any nicer to us. Its not a bad thing to be happy and better off, man.""I don't wanna see you go," Brian added, his hollow black eyes staring into James Dean's. "But you can't pass up the chance to get out of here."James sighed as he fell back onto his cot, throwing his arm over his eyes. He laid there and wished he could just go back, back before all this happened and he didn't have to be plagued by all of this... stuff. He groaned as he was wracked with indecision, something he wasn't used to.It stayed like that for a while, as the final vestiges of sunlight extinguished itself into night. James laid restlessly on his cot, waiting for his new found parent's meeting with Mother Agnes and the Father to wrap up. He knew he probably should have started getting what few belongings he had packed, spend time with his best friends before they were ripped away from him, but he was just so wrapped up in going over everything over and over and over again that he just couldn't bring himself to get up.He had parents. Parents that wanted him. Parents that had been ripped away from him and had searched for him relentlessly for years.He had uncles.He had a twin brother.He was supposed to have died at the hands of some cheesy, stereotypical Disney movie villain.He was wanted by evil dudes who probably wanted him for said evil villain.He was a wizard.He wasn't even American.Sirius said he shouldn't be worried about losing his friends.He was-Wait.James sprang up from the cot and stared at Travis, who had been sitting with his elbows on his knees, glaring holes into the floor. Sirius had said "Those brave, loyal friends you have can't just be ripped away," and "I think you'll see that your mother can make a pretty persuading argument when she wants want to. And if she can't... then I can.""They're going to try and adopt you," he breathed."Uh, what?" Travis asked incredulously, looking up."Sirius, he told me that we couldn't be ripped apart, and that they didn't want that.""Seriously?" Brian asked as he came around James's cot and sat next to Travis. "You think they're gonna get us outta here?"Travis slugged Brian's shoulder. "Don't get his hopes up," Travis admonished. "They came here for you. Not us."James opened his mouth to argue, but Travis cut him off. "We're just some freaky orphans. Nobody wants a weird, mixed race kid with a shady background, or a runt with an obsession with guitars and a daydreaming problem. We're freaks. The only reason they came for you is because they're your parents and wanted you to begin with. Our parents didn't; they abandoned me to this Catholic hellhole, and God knows what even happened to Spacey's parents.""Hey," Brian murmured defensively, looking downcast."Nobody wants us.""I want you," James seethed, standing up and shoving Travis. "And if stupid me wants you around, then so can someone else.""Yeah, okay, du-" Travis started to yell back as he sprang up from his cot, but was cut off when the elder James, Lily, Sirius and Remus walked into the room."Well, lads," Sirius said with a breezy smile and his arms outstretched. "You three ready to go home?""'Lads'?" Travis asked, firmly believing he'd heard Sirius use the plural form of the word wrong."Yes," Lily answered, a million dollar smile on her face that seemed to light up the dormitory. "All three of you.""Unless, of course," James Sr added with a mischievous smile and a wink. "You'd rather stay here?"...

If you're reading this, much love. It took three days to write this chapter. My mom is in the hospital, she's not doing great, and I'm trying to immerse myself in this to not think about what is possibly about to happen. And my cats being the psychoanalysts they are picked up on how I'm feeling and made typing difficult, because you know how cats freaking work.The moral of the story is this; don't take time for granted. Yeah, family can be embarrassing. But if it comes from a place of love, grin and bear it, because you don't want to end up like me, wishing Mom had embarrassed me more and that I had listened to more of Dad's quirky, nerdy talks about metallurgy and radio waves. Don't let happiness be something you realize you had, and enjoy it while its here. Nobody wants to end up like Kellogg.ENJOI...James Dean, Travis, and Brian weren't exactly sure what they were looking at. It was the morning after they were rescued from the orphanage, and they stood on the worn, redbrick lined concrete sidewalk of Engram Ave, a street on the near outskirts of Barnet, staring up at the impressive, two story red brick house that loomed before them. It looked remarkably similar to the rest of the houses on the street, with white-trimmed windows and red-brown tiled shingles. Three bay windows poked out from the slanted sides of the roof above the second story to look out upon the narrow residential street before them, and a pair of chimneys rose imperiously from the flattop roof. It didn't have a front yard, instead opting for a front door that opened to a driveway and an entrance into a garage that was shuttered with a white panel door that didn't have any windows.James Sr. stood happily besides his son, hand on his shoulder, as the three former orphans stared in mixed states of shock and confusion at their new home. James Dean was numb. His entire life had been flipped on its head in less than twenty-four hours, and the metaphorical hits kept coming, as he wondered if the extravagant house was as big on the inside as it was on the outside. Travis was floored by the sheer size of the place, and made that known by muttering under his breath about how freaking huge it was. Brian had brought his head out of the clouds and was gawping at the beautiful house, not entirely sure if he was dreaming or not."Well, I guess we're off to the homestead," Sirius sighed with a grin, patting James Dean and Travis on their heads. "You lads get settled in, eh? Remus and I'll see you lot later.""Don't forget about tonight," James Sr. said as Sirius and Remus pulled out there wands and inspected the street for passers by."Oh, we wouldn't miss it," Sirius replied with a grin."Later, Sirius, later Lupin," Brian said with a limp wristed wave.The two men waved, and with a POP!, they were gone.The three former orphans turned to the house and started staring again. Lily laughed at their expressions as she tugged James Dean's sleeve."Don't spend all day staring, you three, there's somebody who's been waiting to meet you."James Sr. led the three up the short, hemispherical driveway and to the ornate, arch-roofed doorway. He gazed around to make sure nobody was looking, and flourished his wand across the antique-looking brass doorknob. It opened with a click, and he held the door open for his three sons, waving them in. They walked in to the house and stood in the doorway, mouths agape as they stepped into the spacious interior of their new home. The entryway led straight into carpeted stairs that led up to the second floor and down to a dark basement, and had a large opening into the family room to the left. Said sitting room was an immaculate white, with symmetrical recesses in the walls that displayed vague but tasteful art prints and faux candlestick holder lamps. An elaborate and expensive looking glass and bronze chandelier fell from the center of the ceiling, which was also recessed, giving it a vaulted look. The rich, dark red wood floor was contrasted by a near-room spanning white rug that hosted a tasteful collection of furniture, including a matched pair light brown suede couches, glass topped, black steel framed coffee and end tables, white lounge chairs with dark wood accents, and simple, yet elegant lamps that looked to be made of glazed clay with off-white canvas shades."Harry!" Lily called out as she was helped inside by her husband. "We're home!"A loud crashing sound from upstairs before a faint, "I'm coming!" came from the second floor, but the three boys were too dumbstruck by their new home to pay it any mind. James Dean meandered into the sitting room, floored by the room's lavishness. The house seemed to have an open floor plan, as heading to the back of the house was the next open room, a TV area that looked similar to the sitting room, only with dark stained wood and black lacquered shelves holding up a large television, some vases with fake white and purple flowers, picture frames filled with pictures of people he didn't recognize, and a collection of VHS tapes. The far side of the room had a brick fireplace, that was oddly tall and open enough to fit an entire adult person in it.The TV room led even further on back to a sort of smoking lounge/bar area, with a country-style, all white breakfast table surrounded by linen covered chairs and long, polished black marble counter top the led from the doorway to the kitchen all the way to the glass doors that led to the back patio. Bright white cabinets sat cheerfully above it, highlighting the bottles of who knows how many different kinds of wines, spirits, liquors, and various sorts of bar tools. An island with a sink and white marble counter top sat across from it, with a wine glass rack filled with empty crystal glasses that sparkled in the sunlight coming in from the backyard windows.The kitchen was a big, open room with a rustic flair. The same hardwood floors seemed to run throughout the ground floor, and contrasted with the pure white cabinets and pantry door. A butchers block counter top that matched the floors covered the room's central island, and the white marble counter space was clean, open, and occupied by a few kettles, a coffee-maker, and other counter top like things James Dean had no idea were for. The large fridge/freezer looked like it was straight out of the 1950s, painted enamel white with a heavy steel body and chrome lined handles, but hummed brightly where it stood.A tall, glass sliding door led out to an all-glass sunroom that was filled with a couches, chairs, cushions, pillows, and plants that looked on over the gloriously immaculate back yard. A large oak tree loomed at the far end of it, a large, tall white fence protected it from theThe dining room was open to the right of the kitchen, with a large, eight-place table that was a few shades darker than the floors. A large rectangular swath of off white linen ran the length of it, and bamboo place mats sat before the matched wood and leather cushioned chairs. A vase with real, fresh floors sat at its center, and a chandelier that looked like a smaller version of the sitting room's hung high above it. A solid oak door led to what James assumed was a closet or a bathroom.Leading back to the front of the house was another little breakfast table that was the same design as the dining room table, with a pair of the same chairs as the dining room beside it. It offered a view of the trimmed hedges lining the front of the house and the street beyond.James Dean took it in with a sense of awe. The ground floor was spacious and big and seemed to be designed and oriented to give enough room in between the walls and pieces of furniture to allow his mother access with her wheelchair. The floors were even and ran throughout the house to make it easier to roll over with any end caps in between rooms and the furniture itself seemed to have pick with the intent to allow her to scoot herself onto without difficulty.Thundering footsteps ran down the stairs, and a loud, childish voice yelled, "Mum! Dad? That you? Is he here?""We're in here," Harry," James Sr. called out, and with a smile, stood behind James Dean and placed his hands on his shoulders again.I'm really going to have to train him out of this habit, James Dean mused as he squirmed a bit but didn't protest. Seconds later, a young boy his own age rounded the corner of the kitchen. He almost looked like a ten year old version of their dad, with an unruly mop of black hair that topped a round faced head. The kid had their mother's eyes, however, almond shaped orbs of brilliant green that shone with excitement and friendliness. A vaguely lightning bolt shaped scar was partially covered up by his bangs, and round glasses sat on the bridge of his nose."Are you him? Are you my brother?"James Dean looked at him, then to his mom, who smiled and nodded, and then back at him, who looked like he was about to explode with joy, then back to his mother, whose smile became tight lipped as she motioned with her eyes that he should be looking at his brother, instead. James looked back at his twin and shrugged."Uh, yeah, ahem, yeah, that's... that's me."The boy broke into a huge smile and all but tackled him in a bone crushing hug."I'm glad you're finally home!""Yeah, pal," James wheezed, giving him a one arm hug back as he struggled to breath. "Me too."James Sr. laughed as he ruffled their hair. "James Dean Potter, meet your twin brother, Harold Andrew. We just call him Harry.""Charmed," James Dean muttered as Harry squeezed his ribs a little harder. "Nice to me ya, pal."Harry let him go and smiled at him. James Dean wasn't used to the affection and the emotionally open behavior, but figured that it was far better than the colder reception he'd been fearing. Harry then looked over at Brian and Travis, and frowned a bit in confusion."Harry," Lily said as she wheeled up to the other two. "These are your new brothers, as well. Travis and Brian are wizards, like you and Jamie. They're very close to him, so we adopted them, too.""Wicked!" Harry yelled elated, and sprang forward, wrapping them both in their own rib cracking hugs."Huh," James Sr. said with a dry laugh. "That took less assuring then I thought.""You haven't seen upstairs yet!" Harry exclaimed, grabbing James Deans wrist. "Come on! We a have a ton of rooms! You can choose which ones you want!"Harry happily marched them up to the second floor for their official tour of their bedrooms. Their parent's room was at the end of central hall, with five other doors that were clearly all bedrooms. Harry pointed at the door to the immediate left of the master bedroom."That one's mine. The rest have all just been used for guests, so they're all furnished."He pointed at the third door on the left. "That room has it's own bathroom, but the rest shared bathrooms with the room its next to.""Well, guess I'll take the room next to you," James Dean exhaled as he adjusted his bag on his shoulder.Harry beamed at him. It made James Dean uncomfortable, but he managed to grin back. After all, Harry being extremely nice was a far cry from the weird glares and icy threats of the nuns at St. Bernadettes."I'll take that one," Travis said as he took his bag one handed and walked to the first room to the right."I don't want to get lost looking over the backyard," Brian stated blankly, walking to the room next to Travis's.Harry looked at James questioningly. "What is that supposed to mean?"James Dean laughed. "He's spacey. You'll get used to it."With that, James walked in to his room and for the five hundredth time since arriving in England, felt his jaw hit the floor.It wasn't the biggest room in the world, but it was definitely the largest space he'd ever called his own. A queen sized bed was nestled in between two bed side tables, with a plain black comforter tucked neatly into the frame with symmetrical, military style triangles. The walls were white, with the trim matching the dark hardwood floors, and it had a huge bay window looking out over the backyard. There was a hard wood dresser against the wall that stood almost as tall as him and had five full length drawers, and matched the floor in color. A huge(at least to his standards) closet sat next to the door that he assumed led to the shared bathroom, when he opened it, he about blanched.There was no way the amount of clothes he had would ever fill that monstrosity.…After getting settled in, Harry nabbed his brothers and with a yell to their parents, hauled them outside to give them the extended tour of the town. The house was situated on the Northern, greener end of the London borough of Barnet, but within walking distance of the downtown center, where all the shops and restaurants were. Harry led them through the old, peaceful looking town, which, to the other three, was a bit of a culture shock.Barnet was nothing like NYC. It was metropolitan enough to be recognized as a city, but had a fair bit of rustic feel and smaller town leanings. The buildings didn't reach to the sky, and were an assortment of colors that weren't uniform, slate gray. As Harry led them around the neighborhood, pointing out parks, shops, cafes, and landmarks, they took in the sights of the unfamiliar town, in the unfamiliar country."Alright?" Harry asked them, looking a bit amused as they stopped at a busy street corner."It's not gray," Brian answered."Yeah, and the people are nice," Travis added, as a kind old man tipped his hat at them and smiled as he walked by. "They're polite. I thought British people were supposed to be standoffish and straight backed."Harry laughed. "That's just in the movies.""The streets are narrow," James Dean commented as they crossed the street."And some of them are made of brick.""Who would eat fish with chips?""Fish and chips are great!""Where's the pizza shops?""We have one or two...""The angry taxi cab drivers?""Is there a Chinatown here, too?""Well, no, but there's a-""Holy crap, whats an Englican church?""Um-""Eh, laddies! Look out 'round the cornuh!" a random guy in a car yelled as he drove past them. "Construction goin' on and yeh cannae pass!""...What the hell was that?" Travis demanded."Uh... Scottish?" Harry asked."Is it a different language?"…Harry wasn't sure what to make of his twin. He had been dropped off by Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia thirty minutes before Mum and Dad had came home, and he was a bit shocked to come face to face with the scrawny, shifty eyed kid that he'd been introduced to. He was nothing like he'd imagined. He was really sort of hoping for somebody like him, and instead, plopped before him was this weird, frumpy looking character who didn't even know what magic was. He acted far from his age, exuding this sense of maturity and alertness that reminded Harry of one the neighbors down the street, a middle aged muggle combat veteran who yelled at kids who shot off fireworks. He was actually feeling a bit jealous, because he exuded this sense of cool, calm, and intelligence of someone older.The way he talked was strange, too. He had a strange American accent that put a lot of force in the way he pronounced his hard consonants, and drawing out his "ah" sounds. He seemed to enjoy making jokes based off of wordplay that left Harry's head spinning as he tried to keep up, and to make it worse, his two friends played well into it.Harry really didn't know how to handle their inclusion. He didn't mind them being there, he just wasn't sure what to make of them. His twin was obviously close to them, and Harry again found himself a bit jealous, as he longed for close friendships like that himself. The closest he'd ever gotten was to the nervous and shy Neville Longbottom, who he only got to see on occasion, never really getting to make true friends with.Harry stayed bright and happy and friendly, though. His mum had told him not to have too many expectations about his twin. That he'd need time to adjust. He was being nice, so far, just came off as aloof, guarded, smart, and a bit impolite.To Harry, the biggest mystery was why he was dressed like a forty year old hobo....Harry had enough pocket money to buy them all some candy from a gas station(petrol station, Harry had corrected them,) and led them through one of the local parks, which was far bigger and more open then New York. James Dean popped a piece of a Cadbury bar in his mouth and made an odd face.Hershey's, this wasn't.It wasn't bad, though. He looked at his newfound twin, who was babbling on about the school they were going to attend next year, Hogwarts. James felt a pang of jealousy for a moment. Here was Harry Andrew Potter, normal, everyday kid. Grew up in suburbia paradise, had both parents all his life, and hadn't had to deal with his fellow kids ostracizing him, the adults in his life condemn him or beat him or call him a freak, and had an honest to God chance to chance be a happy, well adjusted kid. He wore t-shirts and shorts, had shiny new sneakers, and had pocket money to buy chocolate bars from the corner store.And here James Dean Potter was, a puny punk brat who runs away from home and gets into trouble to get his kicks, wears old man clothes four times his size, the only parental figures in his life barely raised a hand to stop the abuse he and his friends faced at the hands of those around them, and had to steal on a usual basis just to eat something sweet. Harry was genuinely happy. James hid his emotions behind humor. Harry was open to affection. James first instinct was they were going to hurt him. Harry had-"Are you alright?" Harry asked. "You stopped walking.""Yeah, dude, you're looking about as lost Brian," Travis chimed in with a jocular smirk."Hey!" Brian whined.James wanted to explain how it felt like a dream. He wanted to complain about not getting the chance to say goodbye to Donnie Way, or Lorenzo and Loretta. He wasn't really freaked out about being attacked, and he honestly was more intrigued about magic than freaking about about its existence, but that fact alone had him confused about his emotions.But he really didn't want to say that."Yeah, yeah, whatever," James slugged Travis on the arm, who punched him back with a laugh."Wanna head back?" Harry asked as he looked up at a public clock. "We've out most of the afternoon."The walk back was full of jokes and random chitchat. Harry told them all about Quidditch, the popular sport in the Magical Community. Travis was enamored with the concept of a flying sport, and grilled Harry with questions. Harry preceded to gush about his favorite team, the Puddlemere United, and explained the rules of the game. He then told them about the broom shop in Diagon Alley, to which he received odd looks. He finished explaining to them about the magical slice of London by the time they made it to the house.Their house, James corrected himself in his brain.Harry bounded to the door, and just as he opened it..."SURPRISE!"…Lily watched in amused horror as her sons all reacted differently when, she, her husband, and all their guests yelled "SURPRISE!" Harry "EEP!"ed and jumped in shock. James Dean threw himself into the cover of the stairs, Travis bolted out of the door and took refuge behind the threshold, and Brian, lost in space, came back to earth a moment later, the haze of his daydream leaving his eyes as he caught sight of the party decorations."Oh, there's cake."…The surprise birthday party was in full swing, and most of the guests were having fun socializing or playing party games outside in the backyard. It had been a whirlwind of introductions to a bunch if wizarding families. The Bones, and their daughter Susan. The MacMillans and their son Ernie. The Tonks, and their daughter-The girl was adamant. Don't call her by her first name.Amos Diggory had shown up with his son, Cedric, who was polite, but not all that enthused to be at a young child's birthday party. A mountain of a man James Dean didn't get the chance to introduced to showed up on a motorcycle, and had gone straight to the backyard and started entertaining kids out there. Of course Sirius and Remus had shown up, and had brought armfuls of presents to boot. An Irish woman dragged along her reluctant, soot-covered son Seamus, who she kept on a proverbial short leash as apparently he'd made something explode at home. An Indian family then brought their twin daughters, Padma and Parvati, who seemed to be more fascinated in the auspicious house then any of the guests.James Dean wasn't exactly having a good time. He stared at the glass of soda in his hand as a kid named Ernie McMillan cornered him and rambled on about how great James was and just how awesome it was that he was "back where he belonged." James avoided direct conversation with the pompous, perfect-haired blonde, adding the appropriate "Yup," "Mhmm," and "I see,"s when necessary."It is just wonderful to have such an amazing icon to be joining us at Hogwarts," the hanger on babbled, as James Dean looked on at the fun going on outside, where the mountain man with long, bushy black hair and an equally impressive beard was spinning kids around like a helicopter. James idly wondered if he could ask the man for help throwing on a roof. That'd help pulling pranks up on higher buildings far easier..."Maybe we'll even be sorted into the same house together! Mum thinks I'll be in Hufflepuff," Ernie puffed his chest out. "Entire family was in Hufflepuff, you know.""Huh, how about that," James responded, glassy eyed.Sirius and Remus was talking to Ted and Andromeda Tonks. James decided he liked their beautiful, punkish daughter. The short, spikey haired witch was making googly eyes at Remus, but every once in a while, she'd catch James Dean's eye, wink, and use some kind of magic to morph her face in the shape of some animal or another, making him chuckle."It is funny, isn't it? I told mother so, myself, but she thinks its a tad dark," Ernie gesticulated."Uh huh," James Dean agreed. "Indubitably.""C'mon, Ernie, you're boring him with your stupid richie rich talk!" cute, chubby cheeked red haired Susan Bones chirped, giving James a sympathetic smile. She grabbed Ernie's elbow and dragged him outside. "Let's go get a slinger from Hagrid!"James Dean could've kissed her, and that was saying something, given his experience with girls.Free from the absolute chore, James slinked off from the party and decided a trip to the basement was in order. It wasn't that he was antisocial, he just really didn't feel like making the effort at the time. Making sure nobody saw him, he traipsed down the carpeted stairs and flicked the lights on. The basement was a fully finished affair, and he walked down the hall and looked in the first room.A huge wooden desk was framed by wall to wall to wall of bookshelves, filled with to the brim with books. It looked like a sort of office, and considering his mother's disability, figured it was Dad's. He took a moment to gaze at the book titles. Strange names and garish lettering told them they were mostly of magical origin.Bored with the lavish, cozy, and yawn inducing office, he went further and found the next room. A grand piano sat in the center, with a bookshelf full of musical theory books was propped on the far wall. Instrument hooks lined the walls, and there were an assortment of woodwind, brass, and percussive instruments all over the place.Brian would've loved it, and while James himself was decent at playing the guitar, didn't get down to music the way his space-headed brother did.The next room was full of tools, tables, and... brooms? Long, polished wood limbs with bundles of twigs attached to the ends lined the walls. James Dean surmised that these were the magical broomsticks Harry was talking about earlier, the one the Quidditch players fly on. He sniggered as the thought of his dad, dressed in a long black dress, hook nosed and with a pointed witch hat, flew across the night sky in his mind. Embossed on front ends of the brooms were names such as Nova, Cleansweep, Silver Arrow, Comet 92, and so on. They appeared to be old, so he mused that maybe they were antiques, and was proven correct when he found his dad's notes on them.The Comet 92 was a prototype broom stick from the comet Trading Company. It was the only one in existence. It was a junker to fly, but broomstick aficionados would sacrifice valuable body parts to just see it in person, and that made James Dean reluctant to be near it.No need to get in trouble on the first day.Across the hall, the next door revealed a foul smelling room that was poorly lit and only had a a single table flanked by cabinets filled with jars and vials of odd looking liquids. A notebook on the table revealed that it was... potions? James filed this information for later, when he knew more, and moved on.The next room made James's eye twinkle. A dry bar was the backdrop to the game room of a 90s kids dreams. A pool table was at center stage, racked pool balls ready and waiting to go. There was a dart board, a folded ping pong table, and, to James Dean's absolute merriment, a chess board.Filing that for later as well, he got bored, and made his way back to the party. He emerged to the sitting room to find himself face to knee to the giant man who was outside. He looked up, and up, and up until finally he made eye contact with the man's beetle black eyes, which were smiling down at him. He was dressed in an odd, dark brown leather coat that was crudely stitched together, but was well worn and smelled faintly of mink oil."Alrigh', there, James?""Yeah," he answered diplomatically, not knowing the big man's name. "I'm doing good. How you doin'?""Eh, not bad meself," he nodded awkwardly, looking a bit out of place. He thrust his colossal hand in James's face. "Hagrid, by ther way.""Nice to meet ya," James responded, shaking... well, Hagrid's finger. "Funny coat you got there. What's it made of?"Hagrid looked at the hem of his jacket and chuckled a bit. "Oh, yeah, heh heh heh, it'sa, well, it's mole skin... On ma salary, can't really afford the fancier stuff, anyway. 'Sides, they don't make my size anyhow. Gets the job done though!"James shrugged. "That's fair. How do ya know everybody?""Oh, well they all went to Hogwarts, they did!" he boasted with a smile. "Your parents, some of the best people yer fit to meet. Miracle, it is, they're here, yer know."James grinned politely. "So I hear. They seem alright so far.""Aye, and they'll do anything ter see ya succeed, just you wait," Hagrid insisted, wagging a finger. "I bet-""Time for cake!" James Dean's mother called out happily. Hagrid gave him a grin, and with a swoop of his arm, had James wrapped in his arm."Whoa, hey!" James protested."Heard you're a shy one," Hagrid proclaim. "Can't have yer running off now!""I wasn't!""Got ter guest of honor," Hagrid declared, ignoring him as he ducked beneath the doorframe and into the kitchen. "Yer righ', Lily, he's a squirrely one."This prompted a smattering of chuckles as Hagrid plopped him down at the dining room table next to Harry, and James was suddenly struck by the fact that everybody was staring. At him. And Harry. James always dreamed of having a happy, accepting family and a bunch of friends to get along and connect with. Now that he was face to face with it, the notion was starting to sour. He wasn't used to this and made him feel more like his age. Then, the most egregious, unthinkable, embarrassing thing to have happen, happened.They all started singing Happy Birthday.Harry, to his horror, took it in stride and actually seemed to enjoy it. Sensing his embarrassment, Travis gave him an ear to ear grin and joined in, singing louder and higher than everybody else, and even started to lead the others like an orchestral conductor, waving his arms up for the high notes, and pointing at the women to get them really high, before ending the singing with a ridiculous, wavering, elongated note that led to applause and laughs and a death glare from James Dean, who swore revenge on his best friend in his head."Aw, look, he's bashful," Sirius teased, leaning forward and pinching James Dean's cheek and earning him even more laughter."C'mon, ease up, he's only been back a day," Lily ordered with a laugh. James wanted to kiss her, until... "Besides, he thinks he a big, bad New York tough guy!"He glared at her for her ridiculous, gruff impersonation of a New York accent. He wanted to fire back with his usual wit, but held his tongue. As embarrassing as it was, this wasn't just for him, but for them as well.Loathe as he was to admit it."I thought we were having cake?""And cake we shall have," James Sr. popped up with a stack of enchanted paper plates that spun and yelled "Happy BIRTHDAY!"As cake was passed around, James Dean munched on his silently as he watched everyone else chatter and have a good time. Travis was the social butterfly, and had already acclimated to the crowd. Brian stared at his cake as if it was an astronomical quandary that needed solving, and Harry had torn into his cake as he chatted about what presents he was gonna get with Remus.As he picked at the cake, his mind started turning. Why wait to get payback? After all, Travis had thrown him off his game at his-well, his and Harry's- birthday party. He eyed the cake, the plates, and studied how they worked. They seemed to stop spinning when food touched them. He pondered if they'd still spin if, say, something like plastic kept food from touching them...Brian looked up at James as if reading his mind, who grinned at him. Brian grinned back, and nodded. Brian looked back at his cake, and back at James, then started eating his slice. When finished, he stood up and made to act like he was going to the bathroom. He returned and leaned over James's shoulder."What's the plan?"…James really was charismatic. He just had to put effort into it. His assessment of the situation dictated that he and Brian were not going to be able to perfectly pull this off without help. And thus, he scanned the house for potential draftees.He discounted all the adults immediately. One thing he learned early on was that adults had too high of a predilection for order and peace, which was the direct opposite of what James Dean was looking for. Susan Bones seemed helpful and nice, but also gave off goody-two-shoes, girl next door vibes. Ernie was eliminated for the sole fact that while James was sure he'd do whatever he asked, was too much of a loudmouth and wouldn't shut up for five seconds. The Patils were too busy gushing about how beautiful the house was to his mom, and they too looked too prim and proper to be of any use. Harry was a good idea, as he was smart, well adjusted, and knew where everything in the house was, but he was also currently attached to Uncle Sirius's hip. James Dean's eyes fell on a soot faced Seamus, who was talking to the bored and listless looking Cedric Diggory.Perfect.He and Brian approached them, and caught Cedric's eye."Hello, James," he greeted politely. "Brian.""Sup, dude?" James greeted with a lopsided grin. He crossed his arms and got serious. "You two look bored. I gotta plan. I was embarrassed by my friend Travis over there-" he jerked his thumb over his shoulder at Travis, who was in the kitchen, charming his way through a conversation with Ernie and Susan. "-Earlier this evening, and I need your help getting back at him. I can't tell what it is, you can't ask me about it later, but we're gonna get him back. You in?"Seamus took all of one second to nod. "Count meh in," he grinned.Cedric gave him a leveled, appraising look."You're bored, man, its obvious," James Dean pushed. "This'll be the highlight of your night.""Alright," Cedric replied, grin growing on his face. He held out his hand, which James shook happily. "I'm in."…It took a bit of social engineering, but James and Brian managed to get everyone out of the kitchen by engaging in some loud, obnoxious banter with Cedric and Seamus. When the coast was clear, James and Brian split up and started tearing the kitchen apart looking for saran wrap, with their compatriots keeping watch."How frak-dakking hard is it to find a plastic roll," James grouched as he dug through a cabinet."As hard as it is to find, I suppose," Brian muttered."Lazy answer," James muttered as he dove through a collection of aluminum foil rolls. Seriously, who need ten rolls of aluminum foil?!"Ye don't even know where stuff is in yer own house?" Seamus scoffed."It's our first day!" James and Brian quipped."Wotcher, James," a woman's voice piped up, scaring him half to death and sending his head painfully into the top of the cabinet he was rummaging through. "Whatchas doing?""What the hell-" James started as he pulled back and saw the violet haired Tonks, sitting on the island cross legged with an apple in her hand and grin on her face. "Oh, uh, hey Tonks.""How's she get in here?" Seamus demanded. "We didn't see her-""Course you didn't," she giggled as she stood up. "Hard to see me when I'm a fly."Three pairs of ten year old eyes bore into her, and Cedric laughed. "She a metamorphagus. She can change into whatever living person or animal she wants at will, without the need for a spell or potion."James's eyes lit up like Christmas trees. "Please tell me you love getting into trouble."Tonks laughed as she stepped forward and opened a drawer, pulling out a roll of unopened, mint condition, sweet, sweet saran wrap. "Lucky for you, trouble is my middle name."…The timing had to be perfect. James had deduced that the enchanted paper plates would proclaim, "Happy Birthday!" and then spin rapidly for five seconds every two minutes. Cedric and Seamus procured the plates under the guise of going in for seconds, and nabbing a secret, second plate as they loaded them up. James Dean conducted his test by wrapping a plate in a sheet of plastic wrap and putting Tonks's half eaten apple on it in the kitchen sink.It slung the apple like it was the New York Yankee's star pitcher.James then proceeded to carefully wrap the two procured plates so that not a single solitary wrinkle of saran wrap could be seen, and waited until they did their little birthday jazz. With a quick motion, he had the two slices of birthday cake on the plates, and made a motion to everyone to get in position. Cedric and Seamus took up flanking positions to get a good side view of their target. Brian grabbed their father, who was beginning to look suspicious of them, and started asking him questions about the wizarding world to distract him. Tonks marched up to Hagrid, who being happily chatted up by the affable, friendly, good natured Travis."Wotcher, Hagrid! Say, how's that herd of Hippogriff's doing?"James had to repress the maniacal grin that threatened to take his face as he approached his best friend."Hey, pally," James greeted as he thrust the slice of cake into Travis's hands. He had positioned it just right so that when it went off, the cake would be slung right into him. "Have some more cake."Thirty seconds, James counted off in his head, staying cool."Don't have to tell me twice," Travis laughed as he took a bite. James grinned as he himself took a small bite from his own strategically aimed plate. "Thanks, pal."Twenty seconds."Don't mention it. Crazy, isn't it?" James Dean shrugged his shoulder in the direction of the party."Yeah," Travis agreed. "It's like something out of a dream... or like, maybe we're going crazy. Wizards! Ha! Who knew?"Ten, nine, eight.."Not me, but hey, that just means we can get into even more shenanigans when we learn how to use it."Five... four...Travis grinned mischievously as he brought the plate up to his face. "Oh, you know me so well-""Happy Birthday!" the two plates thundered."Huh?" Travis asked dumbly, giving the plate in front him a cross eyed look. James immediately pointed his upward, as to give Travis's face maximum coverage. The two plates started spinning, and slung their respective slices with the velocity of a rocket. Travis's slice impacted against his half open mouth, forcing a small amount of cake and icing and sprinkles through the gap of his teeth and splattering the rest on his mouth, chin, and up his nose. James's came in second and impacted him between the eyes, painting his face white with icing as it crushed itself across his forehead and smeared into his hair.The party fell quiet. Everyone stared as James Dean tried and failed to hold in his laughter and just ended up sounding like a baboon having a fit. Lily looked on in horror, many of the other adults were in shock, except James Sr., Remus, and Sirius.Their laughter echoed throughout the house as everyone else joined in.…

If you're reading this, much love. Time to fast forward a year, woooooooooooooooooooooIn all seriousness, thank you for being here. I hope you're finding this somewhat interesting so far. I'm not writing this just for myself, but for you. I hope the characters are engaging, and can only promise that the story line will get more interesting from here. Its going to follow the central canon book plot, but with some changes as needed.In case nobody's told you today, you look great.ENJOI…Albania, 6 June, 1991Quirinus Quirrell stomped through the deadened brush of the Albanian forest hesitantly. Oh, how foolish was he! This was a damned fool's crusade, looking for the long dead Voldemort. Crushing a small twig beneath his black boot, he recalled how he had gotten to this point.He had left after the final term of Hogwarts to get "real experience," a guise to obtain power. He had been laughed at, teased, bullied, and walked on for far too long. Stammering, Stuttering, Quivering Quirrell needed to get stronger, taller, and most importantly, more powerful.If he was to rise to a stance of power near that of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, much less teach a class of miscreants about the most subtle and devious science of magic, he would need real world knowledge. If he wanted to rise above the level of a lowly Muggle Studies teacher, he needed to leave Hogwarts and follow in the Dark Lord's footsteps.First he hit Egypt, where he followed an old student of his, Bill Weasley around the tombs of the pharaohs, breaking curses and dealing with zombie mummies. When he tired of being bitten (or more like gummed) by Tut and his house of harlots, he decided to move on to Greece.He was hard-pressed not to waltz into the Great Library of Athens, which the great wizard scholar Episcoles himself had invited him to do. Being invited to so much as study one book in the Great Library was an honor, but Quirrell was in Greece to get experience, not read books. So he apparated to Sparta and for three full weeks learned the martial arts and combat techniques of the Spartans under Laurinitis, the finest magical warrior in the Old World. However, it was nothing but brutish, physical work and nothing to do with the kind of magic he craved. Quirrell again moved on.Quirrell's international portkey brought him to Moscow, where after a little digging, he managed to find the texts of Rasputin, the crazed Dark Wizard who tried to be the Merlin to Russia's King Arthur, the Czar. The man truly was insane, but his teachings were just as truly brilliant. He didn't have very long to study the books before he figured he'd get caught. Having wrapped them in his cloak and reactivated his portkey, Quirrell left Russia before anyone noticed that the books were missing.Stopping at an inn in a magically populated village in Transylvania, he had rented a room and continued his vigorous study of Rasputin's teachings. Finally, it felt like he had found something of sustenance, of substance, in his weeks of searching.While the old mage's madness became more obvious to Quirrell, so did his brilliance. He taught Quirrell much through his written word, including how to subtly control others, cause a broomstick to malfunction, as well as a gold mine of information about immortality. Granted, this gold mine was on a single subject, but it was worth its weight in much more than gold. However, that night he was weary of hunching over a book, and no matter how much he tried he just couldn't read more than a sentence before distracting himself. So Quirrell made his way down to the inn's tavern and got himself a quart of a local lager. And then fate seemed to walk through his front door once again, as a young looking vampire came through the inn and sat next to him at the taverns bar. And she told him of her terrifying tale of walking through the old forests of Albania, where the once green and lush forest became a deathtrap of dead brush and twisted black boughs.Quirrell couldn't believe it. It was rumored that Voldemort, Quirrell's leading inspiration to study the dark ways, was there, in Albania. Now it seemed confirmed, and Quirrell made his way again.And now here he was, stomping through the dead brush and twisted black boughs, just as that little vampire tramp described, finding nothing but an ecologically failing forest. In anger and frustration, Quirrell pulled his wand and made to apparate when a viper's fangs thrust themselves into his thigh.It seemed that Quirrell's fate truly was nigh, after all.…The next year of their lives were actually normal. The three former orphans didn't have a hard time fitting in to their new environment, as they weren't thrown in magical society all at once. In fact, Lily and James made it a point after their welcome-home surprise birthday party to keep them at arms length from the wizarding world. They knew about it, were taught about it, but were rarely ever exposed to it. Harry explained to his twin that because they were both famous and renowned, that their parents where really just trying to protect them from the rabid media and overly excited common man. James realized the validity of the argument the day they ran into a crotchety old man during a day trip to London, who had fallen over himself to shake their hands and sing their praises in the middle of Russel Square.They were happily schooled at home by Lily, and had taken up their own different hobbies. James still drew, but he'd also picked up reading, and thanks to his impeccable memory, had began amassing a great deal of knowledge on Hogwarts, magical history, magic spells, potions, and even philosophy. He'd taken up reading about magical theory and how magic worked, but even as smart as he was, he had to admit it was hard to wrap his head around. Afforded a deal of leniency in developing their own tastes, James and Brian had gained an interest in punk rock and heavy metal. James liked playing guitar, but Brian had become completely obsessed with music and musical theory, to Lily's delight, and she started showing him how to play all sorts of instruments. His main focus was still the guitar, but had picked up the piano with relative ease.Time spent with Lily and the ease of which he moved into music had also tempered his propensity to day dream, as he did it a lot less by the time the one year anniversary of them being adopted neared. He still would get far off looks in his eyes whenever he was bored, but was a lot more present during normal interactions, and his empty black eyes lost their unfocused haze. Travis had decided that he wanted to be an athlete. He had taken to running and calisthenics, and when he had gotten a beginners weightlifting set for Christmas, had taken to being as active as possible. He often spent his free time hanging out with like minded muggle kids in the neighborhood, playing pickup games of basketball and soccer in the local parks. His natural, easy going friendliness made him a popular kid on the block.Harry decided he wanted to be a Quidditch player, to their father's delight. James and Travis learned how to fly with him, and often spent days at a reasonably local, hidden Quidditch pitch with their dad. Brian hadn't shown much interest in playing the sport himself, so he would watch and practice on his guitar while James Dean and Travis would square off against the usually better James Sr. and Harry. Life in their first year as a family had been happy and normal. Every Sunday was a big family get together dinner with their Uncles, Sirius and Remus. It was a mystery to them as to why Remus had a hard time finding suitable employment, but he was a beloved figure to have around, and a wellspring of knowledge about magic. Sirius was a fun loving jokester who regaled his nephews with tales of his, their father's, and Remus's exploits as kids. He would get a sad look in his eye every once in a while, though, as if he was remembering something he didn't want to. He always laughed it off whenever they called him out on it, though, giving them his assurances that everything was fine. Some weekends, Hagrid would fly down on his motorcycle and take them fishing on Loch Leven, in Scotland. It had taken a while for the city oriented boys to get used to, but it had become a happy little tradition. They'd camp out, eat the fish they caught, and Brian and James would jam out late into the night on their guitars, which never ceased to captivate them. There weren't any stars visible in the New York skyline, as it was often chocked with grime, fumes, and light pollution. Hagrid had taught them the beauty of being an outdoorsman.They were dragged to the occasional dinner with Lily's sister's family, which by some miracle didn't usually end in disaster. The four boys and their father didn't like the Dursley's. Vernon was a purple skinned porcine man with mundane interests and a rabid attitude towards them. His son, Dudley, was a spoiled, piggish brat who tried to bully them and set James up for getting into all the sorts of trouble he didn't like to get into. Aunt Petunia was... not bad, but she wasn't great, either. She gave off the impression that was jealous of something, and was religious about showing off how immaculately, perfectly normal her home and life was to them. Despite the drawbacks of their extended Muggle family, the four brothers managed to lead typical healthy lives. Their days were normal and filled with jokes, laughter, arguments over who the family cat loved most, and pulling the occasional prank on their kooky neighbors or friends. Life... had been good.It was the morning of July eleventh, as the family was around the dining room table having a rare family breakfast of bacon, biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, and orange juice when a great crash emerged from the sunroom. A shower of broken glass and plant matter was thrown into the dining room and before James Sr. could react, Constance, the family cat, vaulted over the table and into the sunroom. Growls, hisses, and loud squawks erupted into chaos, before a proud and happy Constance dragged a pacified but terrified looking scops owl by the leg into the house proper. It flapped its wing in a halfhearted, futile attempt to get away, but by the time Constance had it dragged to James Sr.'s chair, it had given up completely and desperately held out its other leg, which had attached to it four letters."Constance, drop it," James ordered. Constance let go of the poor birds leg and wrapped herself around his legs, eyes never leaving the intruder. James Sr. took the letters from the owl, offered it a piece of bacon, and waved at it to get out, which it hooted in response, relieved, and took off before the cat could get any ideas. He held his wand up to the sunroom, and muttered, "Reparo."The glass glittered in the sun as it tinkled and flew back into place, rendering the sunroom good as new. "God, I love magic," Travis stated in awe as he watched the last pieces of broken window fall into place."It'd have taken us all morning to clean that up," Brian agreed in appreciation. "Oh," James Sr. exclaimed happily. "It's the boys' Hogwarts letters!"Lily squealed and wrapped Harry, who was to her right, in a hug. "I'm so proud of you!""Lemme see, lemme see!" Harry hollered, holding his hands out to take his letter. He tore it open hastily and read it with star crossed eyes.James Dean, mouth full of egg and gravy dripping from the corner of his lips took his with nonchalant indifference. As his brothers all opened and read their letters, he took a swig of orange juice and swallowed. His parents watched him with sunshine and intent, so he rolled his eyes and pulled a butter knife to act as a letter opener, taking care not to destroy the envelope as Harry had done. A humongous coat of arms took up the entire top half of the parchment, split into four quarters, each depicting from left to righ clockwise a lion, snake, eagle, and and badger. A Huge letter H was at the center, and beneath was a stylized banner that read, 'Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus.'HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFTAND WIZARDRYHEADMASTER: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE(Oder of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chief Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, Intl. Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mister James Potter, Jr.,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term starts 1 September. We await your owl by 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva M. McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressJames Jr. flipped the page and started reading through the list. He looked back up at his parents in confusion. "Parchment? Quills?"His father shrugged. "So they're a little old school.""Robes?" he demanded. Is the secret reason why he was not immersed in wizarding culture before this? He knew Mom and Dad said it was for his own protection, but seriously, robes? What was he, a monk?"Magical folk have their own set of fashion... it's not like the uniforms don't include pants and shirts.""I'm glad we're getting our wand and everything, but seriously-""I can't bring my own broomstick!?" Harry cried in agony."You already knew that," James Dean muttered. "Back to the matter at hand. Robes? I'll look like a hokey magician!"Lily shrugged. "Rules are rules, Jamie.""If I wanted to channel my inner Friar, I'd have signed up to be a Trappiste!"...Traveling by Floo was an odd experience. James Sr. had taken James Jr. himself through the fireplace, and as James was held tight in his father's grip, was thrown through the network seeing snapshots of people's homes as they bulleted past before emerging in a pub that was sparsely populated by some strange looking people dressed in robes and pointed hats. It was a dreary looking place, as if torn from a dystopian steam punk world. A bald, toothless man behind the bar recognized his father, smiled, and went to grab a bottle of steaming liquid when he noticed James Dean.The entire pub went quiet as Lily appeared with Harry, followed by Travis and Brian with Uncle Remus."My word," the barman breathed in awe. "That... is that them?""Er, yes," James Sr. affirmed, his hand gripping James Dean's shoulder firmly. He leaned down and whispered into James Dean's ear, "Don't get a big head. Remember, you're kind of a big deal.""Much obliged, Mr. Potter!" the barman gushed, toothless mouth agape and smiling as he led the rush to shake his and Harry's hands."Doris Crockford," a woman wheezed with tears in her eyes as she kissed their fingers. "Bless you, bless you all!""So proud, boys, so, so proud!""I've always wanted to thank yus for whatchus done, I'm ever grateful!""Dedalus Diggle! Pleased to finally make your aquintance!""Aren't you the guy who tripped on your scarf at that park last year?" Harry asked."He remembers me! The lads remembers me!"They were forced to shake hand after hand after hand that James Dean begun to worry about the hygiene. He rubbed his hand on the back of his jeans as the crowd began to die down, but a younger looking guy dressed in lavish, black and blue silk robes and an elaborately patterned turquoise turban. He nervously approached, and their father recognized him."Ah, Professor Quirrell!" he greeted, looking to the his four sons. "Professor Quirinus Quirrell. He used to be the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts. I hear you'll be taking over the Defense Against the Dark Arts post this year?""Oh, y-y-yes, Mr. Potter," Quirrell stammered, lip quivering and his eyes flitting all around. "Though I have you t-t-to thank. You t-t-turned the post down.""Nice to meet ya," James Dean introduced himself, holding his hand out in reflex.Quirrell himself went to extend his hand, but his head jerked suddenly to the right and he snagged his hand away, almost fearfully. James Dean narrowed his eyes, as he swore he could have heard somebody whisper something. "W-w-well i-i-it was a pleasure t-t-t-to meet you. See you all when term s-s-s-starts."With a quick about face, Quirrel was gone, taking off for the exit. "That was weird," Remus noted."Is he always like?""Yeah," James Sr. muttered, scratching his neck. "He was teased a lot when we were kids. Shook his confidence. He was fine with his books and his tea, but for whatever reason, he decided he needed a change of pace and took a year away from teaching, wanted 'real experience' or some nonsense. Heard he ran into some vampires and a hag in Albania, really messed his nugget up. Dunno why Dumbledore gave him the Defense position, honestly. As a wizard, he always was a bit of a dud."Lily slapped his arm. "Be nice.""Just being honest. And hey, I told you lads you were famous.""Yeah, it was great," Harry said sarcastically. James and Travis looked at him with pride."Aw, we're rubbing off on you!" James Dean gushed, pinching Harry's cheek.Travis slung his arm over Harry's shoulder. "Keep talking like that, and you'll be one of us in so time!""Geroff!" Harry laughed, slinging Travis off of him and wrenching his cheek from his twin."Hey, did you guys hear something when he went to shake my hand?" James Dean asked as his father led them to the entrance to Diagon Alley. "I swear somebody was whispering something.""It was all in your ugly head," Travis teased, slapping the back of his head. "Already so famous you can't stop hearing your adoring fans!""Hey!" James Dean shot back, swatting playfully at Travis's head."Calm down," James Sr. laughed as he pulled his wand. "Pay attention, this is how you get in."James Sr. counted bricks in a wall, going three up from center, then two across... he tapped his wand, and the bricks started turning and pulling back, revealing a portal through the wall into something James Dean never could have dreamed before. Beyond the portal lay a cobbled brick road that twisted and turned out of sight at least two miles away. It was the most oddball and magical place he'd ever seen. The houses and building were ramshackle and old looking, as if they came straight of the medieval, Victorian, and industrial eras of England. People dressed in weird robes and billowy cloaks trudged up and down the worn brick roads, and alleyways and small side streets branched off the main drag. Some buildings leaned into others as if they were about to collapse into one another(magic!) roared a lion of a man as Brian mentioned it wearily, as if that was all the explanation he needed. James had read about the Alley, of course, but seeing it in person was amazing. It was weird. It was wacky. It was random. And he loved it. They passed a cauldron store, an owl emporium, and were almost ran over by a bunch of boys who crowded the display window at the broom store, ogling the latest broom, the Nimbus 2000. James eyed up the book store, Flourish and Botts. He grinned to himself as he pondered what devious little things he could find in the pages of the books hidden in that store."You're only getting school books today," his mother stated sternly as his father wheeled her down the street. She's had a rough go wheeling herself, so he had to take over for her."Psh," James Dean muttered. "You're no fun.""Well, we won't be buying anything until we stop at Gringott's," James Sr. explained, pointing to the bank at the end of the street. "Got to get money from the bank before we do anything else. Just... be mindful, its ran by the-""Goblins," James Dean finished for him. "They founded it and took back control of it from the Ministry in the 1800s."Travis snorted. "Nerd.""Shaddup.""Yes, well, be careful," James Sr. warned. "The goblins are proud people, and don't like to be stared at." Gringott's was made of the purest white marble, but its walls were lopsided and wonky, looking like it was plucked straight out of Wonderland. The doors leading in were made of bronze and guarded by a goblin in red and gold robes. His hand and ears were abnormally long and his pointed beard reached his chest. James Dean, Travis, and Brian, true to form, stared at him as he bowed and waved them in, the doors to the bank opening."I'll let this one pass, boy," the goblin sneered at James Dean as they passed by. "Only because of who you are...""Whatever, dude," James mumbled back as they walked past and through the second set of doors, this time silver, which had an inscription that read, Enter, stranger, but take heed Of what awaits the sin of greed, For those who take, but do not earn, Must pay most dearly in their turn. So if you seek beneath our floors A treasure that was never yours, Thief, you have been warned, beware Of finding more than treasure there. As the neared the front desk, they caught sight of a certain large framed, moleskin-coat wearing bushman."Hagrid!" the four chorused, running up to their favorite keeper of the keys. Piling onto the man, he happily swept them up in one arm and held them against his chest, ruffling their heads and laughing."What 'er you lot doing here, huh? Got your letters for Hogwarts?""Yeah!" Harry exclaimed as he fixed his hair and glasses."What's the fishing like in the Black Lake?" Brian asked as Hagrid set them down."Yer know, its not so bad this year. Lotsa pike. 'Lo, Lily, James! Remus. Alrigh'?" he greeted."Good morning, Hagrid," James Sr. returned, shaking Hagrid's hand. "Just here to get some cash to buy supplies. What are you here for?""Oh, just running an errand for Dumbledore, a little official business," Hagrid explained."Oh!" Lily Lily smiled. "You should join us today! We can get lunch at Rosa Lee!""Oh, I shouldn't..." Hagrid tried to say."Aw, c'mon!" Travis whined. "Don't be such a choad, man," James Dean added, crossing his arms. "We ain't seen you in three weeks!""Please Hagrid?" Harry begged, giving the big man the sad eyes. Hagrid could never resist Harry's sad eyes. "Oh, alrigh'," he caved, smiling bashfully. "Excellent! It'll be my treat," Lily insisted. "Now that isn't-" Hagrid started, but was cut off by the goblin at the desk. "Ahem. Your business, please?" the old goblin insisted. "Oh, righ', here you go," Hagrid started digging through his pockets, pulling out tissues, dog biscuits, a compass, three leather patches of different shades, a screwdriver, and a chinchilla plushie before finally finding what he was looking for. He pulled out an old brass key and handed it to the goblin, who held it between his fingertips in obvious disgust as he stared at the piled mess on his desk. Hagrid leaned in all conspicuous like and whispered, "Its for vault you know what, in vault seven thirteen."Hagrid then handed him a letter, of which the goblin read, then gave Hagrid an appraising look, then read the letter again. "Very well," he finally said. "Griphook! Take care of them, I have important business with this gentleman."…James Sr. went into the vaults while Remus and Lily made sure the four boys didn't get into trouble. He and Hagrid both emerged looking green, with James Sr.'s hair looking windswept and messier than usual. Hagrid had a grubby package that he hid in his coat as soon as he caught James and Harry looking at it intently."Lily, do you mind going on?" he asked as he dropped a purse of coins into both her and an embarrassed Remus's hands. "Hagrid and I-we're gonna get a little, er, pick me up.""Certainly," she replied, giving him a reassuring pat on his lower back. "C'mon, you four, we'll get robes fitted first."Her and Remus led them back out into Diagon Alley. James Dean turned and look across the intersection, noticing a sign that read "Knockturn Alley," with an animated finger pointing in the direction of the street. James laughed to himself at the alliteration."No funny ideas,' his mother warned. "Knockturn Alley isn't a place for you.""Looks exactly like the kinda place we'd go," Travis challenged with a grin."That's exactly why you should stay away. You'll find trouble you can't get yourselves out of. Now, here we are. Go in, I'll wait at the counter to pay."Remus swept them into Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, a clean and brightly lit shop that smelled sweet and faintly of flowers. Pretty young women were fitting other current and future Hogwarts students, as what appeared to be the owner worked the front counter. James was led by a cute blonde witch clad in turquoise robes to a fitting station."Step onto the foot stool, please," she instructed with a smile. James stood up on the stool as Travis was led to the one to his left. "Come here often?" he asked Travis, who chuckled. "Only when I need it," he replied before they fell into silence. The girl to his right seemed to have her nose buried into a fresh, new copy of Hogwarts, A History. Her bushy hair was barely tamed by the hair band she wore, and she was dressed in a bright white shirt and khaki skirt, leading James Dean to deduce was she was a muggleborn. "Staring is impolite, you know," she muttered as she flipped the page, her eyes never leaving the book.James shrugged. "Just curious what they've updated on the book. I've only read the version from two decades ago.""You- you've read this already?" she asked, incredulous. She gave him an up and down appraisal, taking in his Danzig t shirt, scuffed and torn jeans, and dirty Chuck Taylors with a look of unbridled disgust. "I highly doubt that. It's above your-" she looked him up and down again. "Obvious reading level.""What's that supposed to mean?" James Dean demanded, looking down at himself incredulously."It means that you spend more time getting acquainted with the pattern of concrete than words in a book."James gave her a short, derisive laugh. "That's fresh coming from the resident rodent," James shot back instinctively, pointing at her large front teeth, making her face turn red with so much rage that the light dotting of freckles on her face disappeared. "How many acorns you go through a day, Squirrelly? Better save some for winter or you won't have enough to make it through.""How dare you!" she gasped, dropping the book and clenching her fists."What's the matter, Bushgirl? Can judge other people by their appearance, but can't handle being judged back?""You're all done, dear," her fitter said, forcing the dropped book into the girl's hands and gently edging her towards her parents. "Thank you," she stated primly, flipping her tangly hair over her shoulder and not looking back as she stomped away. "What's her problem?" Travis muttered."Girls," James Dean growled. "Alright, we have you measured," James's fitter said with a smile, acting as if she hadn't just heard him and that girl rail on each other. She handed him a card with his measurements. "Here's your slip, just hand it to Madam Malkin at the desk and we'll get your robes sent to you by owl."James waited for Travis before they skulked to the front. Bushyhair's parents were ahead of them in line, unfortunately, and he had to stand behind Travis to avoid having to look at her. Lily pretended that there was something interesting in the air while the girl's parents, who actually seemed to be rather nice, looked between them in confusion. It was over quick, however, and James Sr. and Hagrid met them outside with ice cream. James Dean slurped at his raspberry and chocolate cone as they made various stops around Diagon Alley. Travis tried to get away with choosing a gold cauldron("Yer list says pewter!" Hagrid chided him as he forced him to put it back.) James Dean was stilled miffed about having to do his schoolwork with archaic quills and ink, but tempered it when his father bought him a quill that absorbed ink and worked like a pen, instead. True to her word, his parents only bought him school books, but Remus had given him a knowing grin and behind his parent's backs, bought him a book about the history of Animagus forms. Harry tried to get their mom to buy him a book on curses, promising he wouldn't use them on Dudley.She immediately knew they wanted to use the curses on Dudley and made them put it back.Lily, excited and hungry for lunch then led them to a little tea shop with a simple but elegant sign that read, "ROSA LEE'S TEA SHOP-TEA-CAKES-SANDWHICHES" on the front. "Her favorite spot," Remus muttered to James Dean. "Personally I prefer Tom's cooking at the Cauldron, but she likes to keep it light."They were all seated outside on a covered patio. Their server, a young woman who probably wasn't a year out of her Hogwarts years, had to cram a few tables together for the party, and Hagrid had to sit at the end with his own table as he was too big. Lunch was, as Remus predicted, a light affair, as James Dean settled on a club sandwich and some weird Indian tea his mother suggested. As lunch wrapped up, Hagrid stood, suddenly."I say, I ain't gotten you lads a birthday present!" Hagrid announced, struck by inspiration. "I missed yer birthdays earlier this year, and I won't be able to make yers," he pointed at James Dean and Harry. "All yer got left is a wand, so why don't you's go do that while I do a spot o' birthday shopping?"James Sr. paid the bill, and before they knew it, they were standing before a decrepit, musty looking shop that had definitely seen far better days. OLLIVANDER'S WANDS was smattered on the front sign in peeling gold letters that sagged from the dry rotten wood. Dingy windows covered in soot and grime barred vision inside, and the front door looked fit to fall over at the slightest touch."Finest wand maker in the world," James Sr. bragged as he wrapped his arms around his son's shoulders."Do you think,' Travis muttered as he stared at the dump before them. "That he can at least afford a bottle of Windex, then?"…The door hit a little bell that rang half-heartedly as they Potter family entered the establishment. The place was even dirtier and ran down inside than it showed outside. Shelves packed haphazardly with narrow, small boxes were crammed from floor to ceiling, and a fine layer of dust fell upon everything. There was scuff marks where it appeared something was moved here and there, leaving telltale signs that activity had been there, but those were the only signs of recent habitation. An older man of average height with narrow, pale blue eyes held open widely emerged from the back, and gave them an "Oh!" as he saw them."The Potters!" he wheezed as ran his hands through his wild, crazy hair and vainly attempted to smooth out the wrinkles in his brown waistcoat. The baggy sleeves of his white, old fashioned button down flounced about as he did so, and his eyes settled on James Sr. and Lily. "James Ignotus Potter. First wand, eleven inches, Mahogany wood. Firm, yet flexible. An alterationist's wand. Did you ever recover it?""Yup," James Sr. replied with a smile. He pulled the asked for wand out of his sleeve and handed it to the man, who held it close to his face and examined it. "Ah, yes, as I expected. Nary a trace of usage for a decade. The wand is almost as good as when I made it."He handed the wand back to him and nodded. "Take care not to lose the second I made for you... It will serve you now far better than this one.""Of course."He turned to Lily. "Lily Evans. Ten and a quarter inches, willow, unicorn hair core. Swishy-""Excellent for charms work," she finished for him, already holding her out wand out for him. He smiled as he examined it. "Indeed, and still so. You've taken great care of it. I dare say, one of my finer pieces.""And Remus Lupin," his gaze fell on Remus with pity. "A shame, m'boy, to be held back from the greatness you could easily have achieved..."Remus cleared his throat and fixed Ollivander with a hard look. "Ah, my apologies, Mr. Lupin. Wasn't my place to wax poetic on your life. Ten and a quarter inches, Cypress, with a unicorn hair core. Pliable, flexible. The perfect wand for the perfect man, if I dare say," Ollivander smiled. "I trust it serves you well?"It does," Remus affirmed, looking oddly grim.He turned and regarded the four boys, finally. "Ah, and here we have four fine young men," he whispered, staring at them as if he was appraising their souls, making them shift uncomfortably. "The Boys Who Lived, I say, an honor to stand before you. What sort of great wonders will come from the Twins, I wonder?"He moved to Brian next. "You see many things, don't you, lad?" He asked.Brian squirmed. "Maybe?""Hold up your wand arm," Ollivander demanded, and Brian snapped his right arm up. Ollivander held up a tape measure and let it go, walking around Brian as it magically flitted around Brian's body, taking measurements. "I think... yes, I know just the right wand for you, boy."He stalked off to a shelf, dug through some of the stacked boxes, paying no mind to the ones that fell to the floor as he pulled the one he was looking for. Opening it, he withdrew a wand that was bowed and had a hooked gnarl at the end. Holding it to Brian, he placed it into the boy's hand."Give it a flick."Brian did so, and a shower of black sparks erupted from the tip. "Whoa!" Brian cried as he jumped back, rubbing his arm. "Its warm.""Indeed. Ten and three-quarter inches, silver lime. Core is made of siren hair braided with siren scale. A bit of an old experiment of mine, and I admit I was not exactly happy with it, but it wasn't defective, so I kept it around. Perhaps I should look more into them... Ah, and you!"He pointed at Travis, and repeated the process, but he didn't so much as stalk around Travis before he seemed to have him pegged. "I know what you need," he declared and walked straight to a shelf and pulled the first wand from the stack. "Eleven and a half inches. Blackthorn, with a dragon heartstring core. Give her a twirl, m'boy."Travis looked at the wand and turned it over in his hands. It wasn't like Brian's, having a ramrod straight length and had a twirling carved pattern running the length. He gave it a deft, three finger flourish and it erupted in bronze sparks. He laughed as it did so. "Makes my arm feel buzzy."Ollivander nodded appreciatively. He looked to Harry, and frowned. He measured him, and gave him a hard look for a minute before shrugging. He pulled a wand off a shelf, and when Harry gave it a flick, half the shop erupted in chaos as boxes of wands and leafs of parchment went flying."No, no, nonono," Ollivander tutted to himself. He pulled another and gave it to Harry, with similar results. "Maple and phoenix feather, seven inches."A bottle shattered in the back room, and Ollivander snatched the wand from Harry and pushed another one."Ebony and unicorn hair.""Makore and dragon heartstring."This went on for another ten minutes, before Ollivander, clearly and understandably frustrated, threw up his arms in defeat. He marched to the rear of the shop, and with a sense of finality, shoved what looked like a branch that had been carved down to the wood beneath the bark at the front three quarters and back just had the bark and knots left on, then lacquered. "Eleven inches," Ollivander mumbled grumpily, as if finally conceding. "Holly. Phoenix feather core. Give it a damn flick."Harry did so reluctantly, and silvery light emitted from it, making Harry go wide eyed. "I knew it. Couldn't admit it-no, didn't want to admit, but alas, nothing can ever go my way for once-""Garrick," James Sr. interrupted, holding Ollivander's arm. "What is it?"Ollivander threw his arms up before pushing his fists into his hips angrily. "That wand has a phoenix feather core. The phoenix who donated the feather only donated one other for a wand-" He then lifted a bang away from Harry's forehead, and tapped his scar. "That wand is the one that gave this boy, this scar."Lily gasped, and James Sr. and Remus look serious, thinking about the ramifications. Harry looked at James Dean, who shrugged. "Are you sure?" James Sr. insisted. "Maybe you got it wrong, or-""No, no," Garrick waved him off flippantly. "I remember every wand I've ever made. Every. Single. One. Curious, indeed.""You mean that wand's brother belongs to Vol-" James Dean started to ask."Yes, boy, and don't say his name in my presence," Ollivander cut him off curtly and looked at Harry. "These wands are powerful, Mr. Potter. That wand's twin... thirteen and a half inches. Yew. Great expectations, indeed. Your wand's brother's owner did many a great things."He gave it some thought and shrugged. "Terrible things, yes, but great nonetheless. I'm curious to see what feats we can expect from you."The shop fell silent as Ollivander dropped the subject. While the rest of the family pondered about the implications, Ollivander went about happily measuring James Dean for his wand, tutting and puttering to himself. "Curious," he muttered to himself as he came to a stop in front of James Dean and stared at him with his silvery-blue eyes. The old man stared at James, who stared back, a little creeped out, but holding the stare nonetheless. "Curious indeed, boy.""What's so curious?" he asked defensively, not liking the way Ollivander seemed to be staring into his mind."You're as much of a trouble seeker as your father, clever and fearless but you also have your mother's wit and lazy charm. You are a curious one, too, it seems. You have a thirst for knowledge that supersedes your desire to be a lackadaisical prankster. You should learn to control your urges; curiosity can kill more than cats in the Wizarding world," Ollivander warned him with a wagging finger as he pursed his lips, eyes never leaving James's. "You can't forget things once you've seen them, can't you?""No," James answered honestly. "Photographic memory-""Not quite," Ollivander snapped his fingers as he leaned back against the counter. "You don't see your memories as photographs, as I do, do you? No, yours is more like a perfect... recall.""How would you know?" James Dean demanded, incredulous."Look at this," Ollivander demanded, holding up a sheet of paper to James Jr.'s face. He looked at it for a good ten seconds before Ollivander snagged it away. "Remember it?""No," he replied, brow furrowed. "I didn't get a chance to read it!""Precisely. You don't have a perfect memory, you just remember the things you pay attention to perfectly. Read it."James took the parchment and read it. When he was finished, Ollivander took it back and handed it to Lily. "Now, tell what that parchment says."James cleared his throat. "Custom Wand Order Form Number 13579, Name, Malfoy, Lucius. Wood, twelve inches, Elm. Core, dragon heartstring. Custom notes: fine black lacquer finish, silver snake head handle, onyx gem stones for eyes. Add more weight to handle for easier use in palm of hand, add a holster to fit in provided walking stick.""Verbatim," Ollivander affirmed. Lily nodded, impressed. "You're a bright one, m'boy," Ollivander leaned forward and tapped James Dean's nose. "A unique lad such as yourself seems to break the moulds I usually cater to, and I'm afraid you won't be served by any wand on any of my shelves."James Dean gulped. "So... where am I supposed to get a wand from then?"Ollivander laughed and leaned back against his checkout counter. "I said I didn't have a wand on my shelves for you, boy," he reached around to the shelf under his till and pulled out an ornate lockbox made of silver and had hieroglyphic designs wrapped around it. He tossed it to James Dean who caught it, surprised at the weight. "Open that up, tell me what you think."James Dean did as he was told, and looked at the wand held within with curiosity. It was a plain looking thing overall. It was made from dark, almost black wood, shaved to a pentagon shape except for the rounded handle, with the pommel being an Egyptian head one would see on the statues of Pharaohs or the Great Sphinx. He took it from the box and gave it a twirl, and at first, nothing happened. Then, a small spark puttered from the end, and James started to get worried that what happened with Harry was about to happen to him. He looked back at the wand master, who looked nonplussed, and gave him a palm down, finger wagging hand gesture. "Again."James emulated Travis and twirled the wand with his first three fingers, and a flurry of golden sparks blew from the end of the wand. Ollivander clapped his hands in triumph and loosed a triumphant, wheezing laugh."Joyous!" he cried, looking up as if to the sky and held his arms up. "Truly wonderful!""Thank you?" James Dean asked more than appreciated, giving Ollivander a dubious look. "No, thank you," Ollivander clapped his hands on James's shoulders. "That wand has been a picky little thing, I feared I'd never sell it. See, when I was young, I helped my father in experimenting with a lot with all sorts of different wand woods and cores, and that-" he pointed at the wand in James's hands- "Was my greatest success, and yet, worst failure. It worked. But it didn't want to work. At least, not for just anyone. It wanted, oh... what's that expression... It wanted the bowl of porridge, that was just right. Eleven inches. Ebony wood. Firm but flexible, springy like quenched steel. And, the coup de grace- braided sphinx mane for a core. The perfect wand for the perfect trickster, clever and wise and curious."I've never used sphinx hair ever since-obviously way too picky. I've stuck to unicorn hair, dragon heartstring, and phoenix feathers ever since- the Supreme Cores. The hard to place, avant-garde wand cores were just too finicky. But alas, I'm overjoyed I get to live to see my greatest work happily in the hands of the right master."

If you're reading this, much love. These are just a few deleted scenes and short little vignettes I wrote to explore a few of the characters I've developed. It's optional reading, so you can skip if you like, as some of it is a little experimental.That being said, the interludes will be short little vignettes to show the characters off in situations that aren't story dependent. What does James Sr. like to drink at the breakfast table? Why are James Sr. and James Dean referred to as Sr. and Jr., when they don't share middle names? What does Lily do for fun? What is Brian always daydreaming about? How does Travis, the super friendly and affable mixed race orphan, act around normal people now that he knows he's a wizard? Where does Sirius and Remus live, and what is their home life like? What's a normal day in the life of Aurors like James Sr. and Sirius really like? How do the students view Harry, or James Dean? These are just a few situations I've written to explore these topics, and while I haven't included every single one, I think you'll find these enjoyable nonetheless.I'll admit, this is mostly for my benefit. It keeps my mind fresh and my characters based. It lets me get away from the story to write something else, gives me variety. There's an entire wealth of stories and throwaway events to explore and get lost in. "Not every story needs a climax to be interesting," an old English teacher told me once. Exposition, introspection, seeing just what makes a character tick can be a story in and of itself that needs no friction to impress you.Without further ado, I present to you,Tales From the Potter HouseholdENJOI…Story One- Constance, the Guardian Cat-Told from the perspective of the Potter's family cat, a half Russian Blue, Half Kneazle hybrid that has lived with James Sr. and Lily since before they were married(the Potters having a cat is mentioned in canon, by the way.) It is said that cats, especially females, see their human companions as kittens, or in need of guidance on "how to cat," in the words of an old friend of mine. That's why they leave "gifts" in the form of dead animals on your doorstep; they are showing you what you're supposed to hunt and eat. It is also loosely theorized that cats are guardians of the Egyptian afterlife, an excellent little contrast to the Potter's sworn enemy who fears death.This story shows how this smart, loyal, furry guardian I created feels about her family, which... I admit, I failed to mention earlier in the story. I managed to make it work by addressing early in this one-shot that James Sr. and Lily just happened to... "forget to mention" it to James, who is ironically Ailurophobic(irrationally afraid of cats.)RIP OliverThe best cat a dude could ask forAnd much love to Jackson, Cosmo, and BashfulWho have stepped up to fill the truly large, empty paw prints left behind…Catlike Behavior"Ahh!" the skinny, feathery haired kitten screamed as soon as he saw her. "You didn't tell me that we had one of these-these-things!"The boy nearly fell backwards down the steps as Constance nonchalantly walked by. The boy's eyes never left her as she slinked past, and she didn't understand why. He was scared of her, though, and she didn't want her charge to be spooked, so she just walked on by like he wasn't there. He smelled like the other one, his litter brother who smelled like their mother and father. She didn't perceive any deception or misdirection from him, and, in fact, was seen by her as a part of the family. She was sworn to protect her family, and that included this ridiculous, fearful troublemaker.She padded down the stairs, and made her way to the kitchen. With a sniff to make sure everything was secure, Constance the Cat jumped up on the counter, her long, lithe body almost reaching the cabinets as she nestled in to her food dish for breakfast.It wasn't fish. It smelled like cardboard, and tasted like salted paper, and was dry and rough, but it was enough. She was given fresh meat often enough for her to agree to this slight. Her long, large eyed face sank into the food bowl and she ate away the brambles of her early morning nap."Good morning, Connie," the father said as he shuffled into the kitchen, wearing his sleep clothes. Constance purred in return as he scritched her blue-gray furred neck and ears, arching her back and stretching her fluffy tail in appreciation to the affection.She had her fill of dry kibble by the time the father had his strange metal pot boiling. The strong, acerbic smell of his black morning beverage filled the kitchen as she observed him go about his morning routine, sitting primly as a silent guardian.He was a calm, steady man. He wasn't quite as cheerful and playful as he had used to be, when he and his mate saved her from the smelly lady at the animal jail all those years ago, but he was still the same, happy man Constance loved and protected. He had aged considerably, and she worried he was working himself too hard. She had to resist the urge to show him how to take care of himself better.She had given up trying to break the humans of their uncatlike behavior long ago. She figured that they didn't need to be shown what and how to hunt, as they seemed to eat well enough on their own. They didn't need to know how to jump and climb, as they were tall and strong and could even pick her large framed body up. It was hard to resist these urges, especially after that night, long ago, when she failed to protect them from the Dark Man who smelled like snakes...Constance shook her head and reached her hind leg up to scratch her bearded chin, itching the dark thought from her mind before bounding off the counter.She needed to patrol the perimeter for snakes.…Spacey DaysConstance stretched as she uncurled herself from the black eyed boy. She enjoyed spending time with this particular newcomer to her house; he was a dozy, daydreaming kitten with a peaceful, lackadaisical aura. She believed he enjoyed her presence, as well, as he would often sit in the sunroom looking out across the Potter's backyard for hours with her on his lap, only moving to pet her fuzzy, long tipped ears.It wasn't a daily ritual, but an often enough occurrence in the last month since he and the other two had arrived that she had begun to look forward to it. She would even, on occasion, reach out to grab his fingers and hold his paw in hers, nibbling at the finger tips affectionately.It was a warm, sunny afternoon as he sat there, having just finished his lessons and was relaxing, giving Constance her favorite napping spot for the day. She observed him with her lamp-like amber eyes as he once again stared off into space, and she wondered what he could be seeing. She tracked his gaze to the trees, and pondered if he was seeing some birds, or a squirrel. He didn't seem to be tracking anything, though, as his eyes were glazed and unmoving.Not exactly the best survival instincts, but Constance didn't correct it.Her vigilance would have to do to keep one of her favorite kittens, and sleeping spots, safe.…Piano Sonata 14 in C Sharp MinorThe mother was in the basement, sitting in front of the big, black box that made soothing sounds. Constance had finished her morning patrols when she had decided to join the woman of the home, and had found her here, hands deftly moving up and down the movable blocks that seemed to make the box sing. It was a typical scene, as when the mother wasn't out of the house for work, she spent a great deal of time here, making the beautiful sounds.Today the sounds she was making were a dark, lonesome series of sounds that made Constance reminisce about her days as a kitten, curled up with her siblings and resting against the warmth of her mother's belly. A steady tinkling of deep, heavy notes were complimented by the hopeful sharp cries of higher keys, and Constance couldn't help but sit and listen and watch as the mother played, her eyes closed and a sad smile on her face.The half Kneazle wondered what she was thinking about to make her look so sad, yet happy at the same. A good hunt for mouse that had gotten away, maybe? The cat supposed it didn't matter. The memories were a bygone dream, and all that existed was what was here and now, and the here and now was this beautiful medley of nostalgic, sad, hopeful sounds.Constance shifted primly on her paws, shwishing her fluffy tail and staring at the mother as she finished playing her sound maker. She opened her eyes and caught sight of her cat watching."Oh, I didn't know I had an audience," she said with a smile as she wheeled her rolling chair away from the box and came up to Constance. She held her arms out in invitation, and the cat happily accepted, curling in the mother's lap. "Did you enjoy the performance?"Constance could only purr in response, but yes. Yes, she did.…Sleep Well, Sweet PrinceMoonlight beamed into the room as Constance's boy slept. His glasses were folded neatly on the table beside him and his messy black hair matted the pillow as he slept peacefully. He smelled faintly of the man who smelled like snakes, and this concerned the cat, hence why she guarded the foot of his bed every night.He was a good kitten. The scar on his forehead plagued him at times, making him hurt and smell like the snake man even more, and, at least at night, she was determined to keep him through those bad times. It hadn't happened in a long while, and tonight wasn't an exception as he snored lightly, sleeping peacefully. Constance imagined him dreaming of running through the forest, chasing squirrels and climbing trees, antagonizing birds.Sweet, sweet dreams was all Constance wished for her brave, benevolent little kitten prince.Constance yawned, despite herself, tired from a day of patrolling and sneaking past the feathery haired kitten who was scared of her. However, rest she refused to do. It could be any moment the man who smelled of snakes visited him in his sleep, and she refused to let him put another scar on his pale, furless forehead.She ambled up to his neck and curled into the crook it made with his shoulders, determined to keep him warm and protect him from his infrequent, but terrible nightmares.…Playtime"He doesn't hate you," the caramel skinned kitten meowed at her as played with her paws. "He just has a complete and utter fear of cats."She playfully pounced at his toying finger tips. She didn't understand what he was saying, but she understood the meaning. The feathery haired newcomer, the kitten of the mother and father, had found her patrolling in his room and screamed at her, running from the room and in turn, scaring her as well. The caramel skinned kitten was just trying to make her feel better.Unnecessary, but she appreciated it regardless."He was attacked by a pack of wild cats when we were younger, you know. We were running away from some street toughs when we escaped the orphanage, and we split up to make it hard on 'em. He bolted down an alley way filled with wild alley cats, and they got, well, catty. You know how it goes. He was torn up and swollen from the infected wounds for weeks. Been scared of critters like you ever since.""Mreoooowr," She growled playfully as he danced his fingers across his bedspread. She chased after them in short, jumpy bursts, head down and tail raised up."Hahaha! You're a good kitty," he laughed, scooping her up and cuddling her to his face. She gave his nose a doting lick, and he laughed some more."Agh, your tongue's so rough!"She wrapped her paws around his neck and amicably rubbed her head against his cheek. She had to make sure the snakes, and other predators, knew this precious kitten was under her guard.…The Constant, Silent GuardianIt was noon on a late spring day, and Constance didn't understand why her feather haired kitten insisted on being outside, yet here he was. Cross legged, leaned up against the old oak tree in the back yard, he had one of his precious paper rectangles in his lap as he scratched and scribbled his marking stick against the blank pages. She kept her eye on him, from a distance.In the past nine months, she'd learned that remaining unseen was the only way she could keep a watch on him.She found herself oddly craving the distant boy's affection. His brother understood her purpose and wasn't scared of her. His parents doted on her. The other newcomers adored her. But this kitten...He could barely manage to look at her without acting like a scared canary.Constance licked her paw as she mused from her hiding spot in the bushes. What she wanted didn't matter, she knew. He was the mother and father's son, and she'd protect the kitten no matter the cost. A little appreciation would have been nice, though...Her lamp like eyes immediately caught sight of something. As the boy sat there, making broad, swiping motions with his marking stick and looking up at the back of the house, he was ignorant of the adder slithering up through the grass. She knew this snake, with its greenish bronze body and black crossbar stripe across its back, as she had fended the creature off before. She saw it's bite, knew that bad things happened to the victims when bitten. She put her tufty ears on high alert and started silently slinking across the yard.The snake was a territorial creature, and made the mistake of trying to make this yard its territory. It was heading for the boy, and it had murder in its slit eyed gaze."Haaa!" she hissed in warning as it came within a few meters of her kitten.The boy froze, finally noticing her presence and staring at her in horror. Her eyes weren't on him, though, and he managed to see through his fear and notice that as well. He turned to his left, catching sight of the advancing viper. To Constance's pride, he dropped his paper rectangle, and dove forward, narrowly missing the snake's hissing strike. She leapt and caught the aggressive snake by it's scaly neck and bit down.Hard.The bones and brain stem of the snake snapped under the force of her jaws, but she wasn't satisfied. She snapped the vile creature back forth, limp body smacking the tree trunk and the ground as she beat the evil thing to death."Jesus," the boy meowed. For the first time, his eyes weren't looking at her in fear, but a bit closer to admiration, and his hand, shaking and cold, patted her head. "Good girl."She purred in response, dropping the snake's dead body and curling up in his lap for the first time. All was well in her world.…The Changing of Hearts, the Changing of MindsA week later, she was nestled in a ball on the feathery haired kitten's bed when he walked in the room, one of his preferred paper rectangles in his hand. He smiled at her warmly and walked to her, massaging the top of her head and showing her the rectangle. It was framed by carved wood and covered in the invisible hard stuff that filled the windows. Marked onto the blank rectangle sheet was a beautiful, majestic depiction of her, standing guard amongst the big oak tree. She stood and rubbed her face on it in approval. He laughed and patted head again before lining the picture up on a hook on the wall.If she could read, she'd have seen written in the corner of the drawing, beside his chicken scratch signature, was written,"Constance, the Guardian Cat Thank you for being here."…Story Two- Like Father, Like SonThis was written to make fun of the people who don't like how I named my main character. "oh, it's too confusing!" WAAAAAAAAA-..."Dad?" James Dean asked as he slurped at his oatmeal, eyes never leaving the pages of the book before him. It was a work about the philosophies of whether or not using magic in front of, or for the benefit of muggles was ethical, and the author had an interesting perspective on why wizards and muggles shouldn't, at least on a large scale, mix. His mother laughed when he asked if he could borrow it, saying that it was "above his reading level," to which he responded that his reading level was probably above hers. Whether the quip was true or not remained to be seen, but James Dean was determined to challenge her assumption that he wasn't smart enough to read it."Hmm?" James Sr. responded, flipping to the next page of the morning issue of the Daily Prophet. The front page prominently displayed a moving, articulated 2D picture of some Ministry of Magic official caught up in some scandal or another."In order to be a true Junior and Senior," James proposed as he himself flipped to the next page of his book. "The Junior has to have the same first, middle, and last name as the Senior, right?""Uh huh," James answered as he sipped his coffee."And your name's James Ignotus Potter.""That's me.""And my name's James Dean Potter.""That's you.""Nice name, by the way. I'm certain I'm not cursed to die in a fiery car crash.""Thank you, I picked it myself.""'Course you did," James Dean mumbled as he took another spoonful of the sticky, syrupy goodness of oatmeal caked in cinnamon and brown sugar. "So that means that, technically, we are not Junior and Senior.""Correct.""But people also call us Junior and Senior.""Also correct," James Sr. responded as he furrowed his brow at the paper, reading a ridiculous advertisement about wands for squibs."We technically aren't Junior or Senior, then.""Astute observation.""If we aren't junior and senior, then why do people refer to us as such?""Because, Junior, calling us both James is confusing when we're in the same room. Always referring to you as James Dean can get tiring, and finally, calling you Junior reaffirms that you are, in fact, the child, and not the thirty year old vagabond scholar wannabe you think you are."James Dean cast a side eyed glare at his father, who's eyes never left his news columns, but he could see the smart little grin on the older man's face. James returned to reading his book."It's your fault things are like this, Senior.""I'm well aware, Junior. I'm well aware."…Story Three- I Get Knocked Down, I get Up AgainSometimes, perseverance is toughing through something when you know it'd be easier to quit. Sometimes, perseverance is toughing through something without ever realizing quitting was an option. Either way, its commendable.This is another deleted piece from my early drafts, which was going to show where James Dean solidifies his love for the alt, metalhead, punk rocker style he will inevitably sport. It also has the unintentional side effect of showing off his determination to never back down from a challenge....It had been a week since James Dean, Travis, and Brian had been brought home to Barnet, and they already had a pretty good lay of the land. They had even managed to bring Harry quickly into their fold. Harry, despite being a good natured and friendly kid, had every bit of desire for making trouble as his new brothers, he just hadn't had an outlet, as such, to do with that desire. That was different now that he had three heads to bounce ideas off of, but he still had a bit of... acclimatizing to do, in regards to their methods."Dumpster diving-" Travis explained animatedly, holding his arms up in supposition. "It-It's like a tradition, man, I'm telling you. It's an art. Where we come from, money was tight. Practically nonexistent. There was no shiny birthday presents, no cake to eat whenever you wanted it. You had to get out from under the thumb of the Man, get away from the Church, to be able to truly find your treasure. To find yourself."Harry listened in half hearted interest as James Dean validated Travis's point by throwing a scratched, dented, slightly unhinged metal trunk over the tall lip of the dumpster and at his best friend's feet."Proper storage is a necessity to an orderly and successful lifestyle," Travis affirmed, motioning to the trunk with a firmly straight hand."It's covered in coffee grounds and a banana peel," Harry muttered in trepidation."Bleach is an appropriate use for all your sanitation needs," Travis defended stoically."It only has one hinge holding it together!""Innovation is the daughter of invention, my friend. Repairs can be made.""The latch isn't even attached!""Uh, have you never heard of loctite!?""Man," Brian murmured as he stood up amongst the trash in the dumpster, holding up a pair of wrecked boots. "Who just throws away perfectly good shoe laces?""Normal people!" Harry hissed. "Normal people throw away old shoe laces!""Hey, just because they're old doesn't mean they're junk!" Brian shot back, holding the boots to his chest and looking slightly hurt."Ropes and twine are superb methods for miscellaneous item management," Travis preached like an infomercial salesman."I don't think he's buying what you're selling, Travers," James laughed as he ripped open another trash bag. "Whoo! That stew's gone bad.""You aren't even defending yourselves as normal!" Harry cried."Well, in order to win that argument," James grunted, pulling a heavy, taped up cardboard box up to the top of the heap. "We'd have to believe we were actually normal. Travis, got your knife?""Rule number nine, my dude," Travis responded, reaching into his back pocket, producing the pocket knife and tossing it to James."Cheers," James responded as he held the knife up in appreciation. "Let's see what we have hidden in here, eh?""This is stupid! What do you expect to find to help us prank people!""Inspiration is the son of-""I swear to Merlin," Harry threatened. "If you keep creating a family tree for invention, I'll invent a way to slap the magic out of you.""Hohoho!" James cheered, cutting off any defense Travis was about to muster. He bounced up and poked his joy filled hazel eyes above the rim of the dumpster and smiled. "We just scored, boys!""What is it?" Travis yelled, running up to see.James Dean pulled back and handed to Travis a set of broken binoculars, a decently sized spotting scope with a fully functional tripod, then a whole slew of camouflage plastic tarps, rusty old empty ammo cans, storage tins, dirty, cloth wrapped canteens, and old, reinforced canvas army knapsacks."Score!" Travis squealed in glee as he began piling as much as he could into the reclaimed metal trunk. Harry shook his head in exasperation and started to help him shove their find away.James, buzzing from, what was in his mind, an epic and cool find, went for another bag when his foot hit something hard. Bending over, her threw some trash out of the way to find two pieces of a broken skateboard. Picking up the two pieces, he held them together to see how they fit when a voice yelled, "Hey! What are you doing?""It's the shop owner!" Travis yelled. "Get outta there!"Brian swooped up to the rim of the dumpster, and James Dean gave him a shove to get him over the rim. Brian fell with a grunt to the ground and held his hand up over the ledge for James. James took a look at the skateboard pieces, shrugged, and tossed them over the dumpster. Grabbing Brian's hand, he lunged for the exit and let Brian yank over. Landing in a heap, he scrambled to his feet and grabbed the pieces to the skateboard."Run!"…Dad was busy at his job as a cop or whatever it was that Aurors did, and Mom had appointments in her office at St. Mungo's psych department that day, so the four didn't have a hard time sneaking their haul into the house. Evading the pursuing shop owner had been easy as the portly old man had stopped chasing them after half a block. Harry and Travis hauled the chest, laden down with their army surplus gold into James Dean's room as he and Brian followed, Brian untwining a collection of shoe laces from around his arm and James cradling the skateboard's remains."You guys got that?" he asked as Harry and Travis lugged the metal trunk up on his bed. The two gave him breathless, sweaty thumbs up. "Right... I uh, I think I'll be in the basement. I'm gonna try to fix this thing.""Okay, man, but I don't mean to sound like Harry, here, but I think that things toast.""Yeah, whatever," James griped as he ambled back downstairs. He came across Constance, the family cat, as she wandered upstairs, and froze, his blood pressure skyrocketing as she passed by nonchalantly. "Creepy cat."He made it to his dad's workshop and slammed the door to keep away feline intruders before setting the board down on the bench. He snagged a few wood working tools, a bottle of Wysteria's Perma-Bond Forever Glue, Wood Edition, and gazed longingly at his father's antique broom collection before setting to work.He used a scraping tool to whittle away the fractured wood chips and splinters from each side of the board first. He inspected the two ends and decided that just gluing wouldn't work; he'd need something to bolster the integrity of the joint the two ends were about to make. He went back to his dad's tool box, and found a carving tool and set to work hollowing out a narrow channel in the two pieces.It was pain staking, time consuming work, and he wasn't even sure why he was doing it. He just felt a strange desire to fix it. He had finished the channel on the first piece when he was called up for supper.Supper? Already? He looked at the clock and realized that it was six-thirty at night already. Rubbing his eyes, which were strained from staring at nothing but broken skate board all day, he reluctantly trudged upstairs. Dinner was a standard affair, roast beef with potatoes and mixed veggies, and the rest of the family chatted happily about their days. James, however, could only think about the skateboard.He refused dessert, and took a glass of water downstairs as he got back to work, carving the next channel in the board. His father came down and joined him, looking curiously at the 'odd muggle artifact' he had found, but falling into silence and doing maintenance on his brooms while James Dean worked. They stayed like this all night, enjoying the silent company as they tinkered and worked.James Sr. clapped James Jr. on the shoulder as he was halfway to where he wanted to be. "Night time, kiddo. Time for bed."James Dean wanted to roll his eyes, but knew better than to be openly rebellious. He trudged up the stairs, again avoiding the cat like it was the plague, and hit the shower. He was nestled in bed, but had a hard time sleeping.He wanted know what it was like to skateboard.…The next day, Lily was home, so they had home school lessons. It wasn't like traditional school, though, and they were done by noon. He helped Harry with his math work, managed to get Brian to stop spacing out long enough to finish his literature reading, and went back down the stairs to the shop. He went at finishing the excavating with vigor, and had it finished within an hour.He pulled a shard of wood that was relatively thin enough to fit, a held it up the board and frowned. He bent it a bit, and it snapped. He searched for another, and another, and another...They all broke.James Sr. came in as he stared at the army of broken pieces of wood. "Ah," his father said. "Going for the biscuit method, huh?""Huh?""You're trying to fix that with edge to edge biscuit joinery. The Cleansweeps original models used it the attach the tails to the shaft.""Oh," James Dean looked down at the board, still frowning. "The wood isn't strong enough to hold the weight of somebody on the board, though.""Well, you're using junk pieces of wood, first of all. Second, have you considered using a metal shank?""Where do I find one?""Well, a hardware shop, usually," James Sr. answered, but held his finger up in 'wait,' motion. He opened up one of his tool boxes, rummaged a bit, and produced a rectangle of steel, about an eight of an inch thick, two inches wide, and four inches long. He tossed it to his son, who caught it and slipped it into the carved out portion and slipped the other over it."Hey, it works," James Dean said with a grin."There you go," James Sr. smiled and ruffled his son's hair. "Now, how were you planning to secure that together?"…The afternoon sun was still high in the air the day James Dean finally got to test out his repaired skateboard. He stood in the driveway and dropped the board on the ground, and jumped on it. His eyes went as large as saucers, however, when his feet landed and the board rolled forward, sending him flailing backwards onto the pavement.Landing on his back, he stared up at the bright blue sky in a daze. Collecting his thoughts, he pushed himself up and chased down the running away board. Grabbing it, he looked back on every time he saw an older kid using one, and realized his mistake.Putting the board to pavement again, he rested one foot on the part of the board nearest to him, took a deep breath, and pushed with his foot on the concrete. Bringing his pushing foot onto the front of the board, he awkwardly balanced himself and smiled. He was doing it!He was skateboarding!He realized too late, however, that he had failed to account for the dip in the driveway as it became street. The front of the board caught in the shallow indent, launching him face first into the black top."Ow," was all he could squeak as he peeled his grated skin from the pavement.…A week, and a bunch of cuts, scrapes, bruises, and road rashes later, and James had the basics of skateboarding down. He was proud of this fact, despite his mother yelling at him for being a daredevil and insisting on keeping his wounds clean.Mind flashing with memories of some of the guys at Carl Shurz Park doing tricks and flips, he skateboarded down to one of the local parks to do a little board grinding. Some older teenagers were there, most of them watching some other guys skateboard.Keeping his distance, he went to a more secluded part of the park and found a decent paved part that had plenty of benches, steps... and guard rails. He grinned and amped himself up. Satisfied with his confidence level, he pushed off, gained some speed, and kicked off...And landed crotch first into the guard rail.Loosing a pained, wheezing squeak, he slid off the rail and fell into the stairs in a heap. Raucous laughter filled the air as the kids at the other end of the park saw his attempt. Jeers and insults were thrown his way, and he began to shake in anger.He stood up, threw a rude hand gesture their way, and was about to toss the board in the bushes and give up when a hand grabbed his forearm."You alright, mate?" a concerned voice asked. James wheeled around and came face to face with one of the kids. Dressed like a punk with ripped jean shorts, ratty black and gray sneakers, denim vest with band patches, and a Danzig t-shirt, the older, brown haired kid gave him a brown eyed once over. "You don't look too hurt. New to the board?""Uh, yeah," James answered, letting go of some of his anger, but still weary."Hey, don't worry about those wankers," the tanned teenager laughed. "They're friendlier once you get to know 'em. Want me to show you how to do that trick?"James gave him a suspicious appraisal, then looked down at the board he'd almost thrown away. He had spent so much time and effort making it whole again... and having his dad help, too. It was the first time they spent time alone together... it meant something. James looked back up at the kid, who smiled at him again, and he finally relented."Sure. Know any other tricks?"…Story Four- Seeing Beyond SightOne of the biggest problems I had when writing the characters for the original drafts of the Twins Potter was they acted happy and charismatic all the time despite coming from less than ideal situations. James Dean was JUST a smart and mature prankster. Travis was JUST a friendly workout buff. Brian was just... there, happy and healthy. As I started fleshing these Ocs out, I realized that what I wanted to do with them made no sense compared to what they came FROM. How is James a happy-go-lucky genius when he was supposed to be mistreated and labeled an outcast by the nuns of the church? How is Travis supposed to be a friendly dude when he was supposed to REMEMBER his parents leaving him? How was Brian supposed to be what I had planned when he was just... sorta there? The answer came by making their characters codependant to each other. Shoehorning in wild characterizations would have been lazy and stupid.This little piece is a draft I had written to help bolster Brian's character when I first started rewriting my works. I had scrapped it because it didn't fit to the overall story, but as a vignette in an interlude chapter? I think it works perfectly....The waters of Loch Leven rippled lazily in the late summer breeze as Brian stared at his bobber blankly. His brothers were further on down the shore, Hagrid happily regaling them with the same old fishing tales he always told them when he brought them out on fishing trips. Brian only lent their conversation half an ear as his eyes looked past the peaceful waters. Fang, Hagrid's large but friendly boarhound, happily snoozed and drooled all over his lap, and Brian absentmindedly stroked the dog's short fur as he daydreamed.It was hard for him to stay rooted in reality. He never told anyone, but he honestly didn't enjoy living in the real world. It had its perks, and being close to James Dean and Travis had made it a lot better after he had been plopped by the cops into the orphanage, but there's just so many things in reality that hurt, that getting away into ones waking dreams could be so much more preferable.The nightmares of his life before St. Bernadette's were the most painful.And, so, he escaped from the pain by daydreaming. He would think up, and see all manners of things from made up stories to possible future events. Sometimes he would dream of being the hero of his own story, saving the girl or the world or both and living happily ever after. Other times he looked out upon the worldly events going on around him and pondering what could happen if certain things came to pass. If he let himself get lost enough, he could even, to an extent, see things that came to be.He only ever mentioned this to his adoptive mother, Lily, and only in the privacy of his room. He had been hesitant to say anything, as he didn't want to be seen as abnormal, but he also felt the need to get what he kept seeing off his chest. Lily was kind and open and understanding, and even used her expertise as a mind healer to talk him through everything, starting from the abuses he experienced at the hands of his birth uncle. It had been... challenging, to say the least, to describe, and he found it easier to show her instead. The choked gasp she let loose upon seeing the scars across his back, stomach, and privates was all the explanation she needed. Brian had, from an early age, lived through hell.When she asked him what he saw when he daydreamed beyond his fantasies, he had a harder time describing it. How does one explain to a person about colors they cannot see? How would he tell another human being that he has seen what they've seen, felt what they've felt, maybe even know what they'll experience next?Getting nowhere, she had him instead describe how it felt to 'fade,' as he had described it.It was strange, almost like an out of body experience. It felt astral, spiritual, freeing, but at the same time, scary, because at times, it felt like he could just get lost and never come back. He often contemplated this irony. How could he want to get away from reality, but yet, be so scared to be permanently severed from it?His hollow eyes looked over at his friends as they joked and played around with Hagrid. His family, technically. They were why. They needed him. James Dean Potter put up a good front, but what he was most terrified of was not, in fact, cats. It was losing those close to him. Brian knew why, of course. As intelligent and sharp and mature and clever as he was, he lacked a certain component to his moral compass, and depended on others relying on his leadership to keep him on the right track. The ones he loved were the ones holding him back from becoming the heartless monster that lived inside of himself.Then there was Travis, the friendly and charismatic boy who was so intent on being the complete opposite of his birth parents that he actively forced himself to be as sweet, kind, and loving as possible. He never talked about them, but Brian saw in his daydreams how much Travis feared becoming like his father. A noble goal, to be sure, but a large portion of what kept Travis heading towards his goal was his big-brother style of watching over Brian and being the emotional foil to James Dean. If it weren't for that, he'd probably end up losing his battle, as despair at being alone and misunderstood would have buried his positive outlook.Harry was a new, fresh look at how much pain a person could endure. James Dean's twin himself had demons stemming from trauma, and it still, to this day, manifested itself in his little scar. Harry, like the others, didn't talk about what plagued him. Brian could, however, late at night, see the nightmares and demons that came for Harry. The soul of a spiritually broken man, wrapped in darkness and only knowing pain, fear, and anger, would torture Harry relentlessly with visions of torture, rage, and death. It made Brian's head hurt where Harry's scar was, but he was sure that whatever pain Brian felt paled in comparison to the absolute agony his newest brother felt. It made him want to reach out to Harry, to hug him, to assure him that the Dark Man could never win...But he wasn't so sure that would go over well. So, instead, he acted the dopey brother Harry could help protect, because like James Dean, having someone to defend made him feel better.Brian sighed as he pulled his thoughts from the subject. Today was supposed to be a happy day, and didn't want his bad juju to bring everyone's mood down. His mind went to happier dreams, where a mermaid with sparkling green hair, violet eyes, and shimmering rainbow scales emerged from the loch, took him by the hand, and led him on a vibrant, underwater trip below the waves, washing his pain away...…Story Five: Lily's Day OffThe Lily I created for the Twins Potter is a character I love. I felt, when I started dreaming the premise of the Twins Potter up that the twins getting both of their parents, Sirius, Remus, and a happier story was just too good. I shamefully added Lily's tragic maiming and subsequent paraplegia as a caveat, a snag, to the planned story. I felt dirty for doing it. The Lily we were presented was an angel, a saint, a beacon for all of us who felt Harry's pain as he pined for her and his father. It added a wrinkle, an interesting thing to write and explore, though, so I kept it. She's disabled, yes, but she never gives up living life as best she can. To me, that in and of itself is as beautiful as her original character was described.This was a failed attempt at making a Lily-centric character exploration that was part of the main story; it served no purpose, so like many other snippets and pieces, got tossed in the scraps. It was too adorable to delete, however, and I kept it in the USB drive with the rest of crap I've written over the years, collecting digital dust.I found it when I started rewriting, and I have updated it to fit the current Twins Potter story. Fixed some errors and typos, gave it a new coat of paint, and voila! Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.…It was rare for Lily to get the house to herself. The house was silent, with the exception of Constance's padding paws as she did her usual routine of checking every nook and cranny of the house every few hours. James was away with Sirius on a mission, and the four boys had decided they wanted to go to the park and play football.American. Football.Lily shook her head at Travis's proposal. He said something about a game between Giants and Jets, which Lily assumed were teams, and Harry decided he wanted to give it a try, which had sealed the deal, right then and there at the breakfast table.Lily wasn't complaining. She rarely ever got alone time, and felt it would do her good. She got flak for just letting her sons do things without supervision, but she liked giving them their freedom. Besides, James Dean, Travis, and Brian had proven themselves more than capable of taking care of themselves. Despite their penchant for pranks and getting into trouble, they were incredibly mature and independent, and that was rubbing off on Harry, too.She settled on catching up on some work. She apparated herself to the basement and went into her home office, where she piled over case notes on her patients. Mrs. Bathshot's inability to get over her son's disappearance was coming along nicely. She highlighted that keeping her positive was key, but also to temper hope with reality. Aberforth was coming to terms with what happened between him and that goat, but still had a long road ahead of him in regards to his brother. Lily marked in her notes that possibly pursuing hobbies outside of work and tending chattel would probably do him good. Fiona Finnegan was having an affair with her coworker and having difficulties with her marriage to her muggle husband...Lily sat upright, realizing she'd been making notes for an hour and already felt drained. The house was still dead quiet, and realizing if she didn't take a break and help herself, she'd never help anyone else with their problems.She apparated into the kitchen and started making a cup of tea. As the tea steamed and steeped, she looked across the back yard from the sunroom door. It was a beautiful day, and she hoped her sons were having fun playing football, or hand egg, as James Dean had jokingly referred to it as. The thought of them running across the field, happy and free, made her smile. She hoped they weren't taken those legs for granted-No.She would not project her bitterness about her disability onto them. It was her burden. It wasn't fair to them, and she refused to even entertain the thoughts and feelings of jealousy she felt creeping in. She sipped her tea and mourned, silently and alone, the loss of ability to use her lower half. She couldn't walk, or run, or dance. Hell, she felt like half a woman, barely being able to please her husband in the bedroom. She couldn't even conceive, to her horror, as the risks a pregnancy brought forth could kill her and a baby.Tears fell down her face that she wiped away with the sleeve of her cardigan. It was stupid to reflect like this, to grieve over something out of her control. At least, she felt like it was stupid. She also knew it was a part of the process, and that it was something she had to work through. The rational part of her brain told her that James was her husband for a reason. That he'd stayed with her and supported her and loved her for more than just because it was his "job," as he described it.But she couldn't help but feel like, maybe, just maybe, he'd be better off.Men's eyes stray, after all. She knew that even if he didn't do it when she was around, he probably did when she wasn't. Maybe it was the secretary for the Office of Magical Law Enforcement, or maybe the hotshot new head of the Law Enforcement department, Amelia Bones. She was a handsome woman, after all. Or maybe-Lily punched her leg. She was projecting again. James was a loyal husband, and had proved himself worthy of trust, time and time again.Lily needed to do something. Thinking dark thoughts was just going to ruin her day. She pondered, then, what she could do. She already promised to not do any work today, as she needed to do something enriching for her mind rather than her pocketbook. She came to the stark realization that she didn't know how to entertain herself.Sure, she could play the piano. But... she did that too often.She could work on her potions- No. That would remind her of Severus, and she did not want to think about how things ended with him.She'd spent so long as a mother, a wife, and a cripple that she'd forgotten what she'd used to do for fun by herself. She wracked her brain, thinking back...A memory of her, Alice, and the other girls she was friends with having a summer sleep over, dancing to music as they laughed the night flitted across her mind, and Lily made up her mind. She flourished her wand and apparated upstairs. She wheeled into Brian's room and grabbed the boombox she and James had bought him for Christmas, and nabbed his folder of CDs. Piling them on her lap, she wheeled into the master bedroom, plugged the boombox into the outlet, and opened the disc deck.Perusing Brian's collection of CDs, she silently marveled at his tastes. His, James Dean, and Travis's preferred punk and metal music was at the front. Metallica, Megadeth, and the Ramones filled the pages, but as she flipped past the grindy, loud bands, she found something by a man named Django Reinhardt. She popped that in, and gave it a listen. Jazz guitar that sounded like it had been recorded at the beginning of the century filled her room, and while she had to admit she enjoyed it, decided it wasn't what she was looking for.The next CD to catch her eye was one with by a band named Alabama, and was titled Southern Star. She popped that one in, she was greeted by an acoustic guitar playing a folk sounding melody, as a smooth, deep voiced man started singing about the mountains and being born country. It didn't really suit her fancy, no mater how pleasant his voice was, so she popped it out and went back to searching.What she found next should've made her mad, but she was intrigued enough that she decided it wasn't worth it. Pulling out the bootleg-looking blank CD labeled in permanent marker as "80's Crap," she put the disc into the deck and pressed play.She was delightfully met with an American pop song she remembered from the radio. She sat and closed her eyes as she listened to Bryan Adams sing about the Summer of 1969. Midway through the song, she was bopping back and forth, lost on the music. The next song was played by one her favorite rock groups, Queen. She pulled her hair back as she mouthed, "Another one bites the dust!" Happy her red hair was secured, she started wheeling around the room in an odd imitation of dancing. She slowed down as Tom Petty's "I Won't Back Down," came on, moving back and forth as she started full on singing along.She full on screamed along to "Heat of the Moment," "Don't Stop Believin'," and We Didn't Start the Fire." It wasn't what she and the girls had listened to, but the premise was the same. She was letting loose and having fun, getting lost in music without having the obligation of playing it.She bopped and swayed as Cyndi Lauper's "Girls Just Want to Have Fun," came on, and while she found it odd Brian would have that song, didn't complain. She was completely oblivious to the world when A-Ha's "Take on Me," started. She sang her heart out and performed the best rendition of a moon walk she could in a wheelchair as the upbeat Michael Jackson song "Man in the Mirror pulsed the room. She was singing at full volume and swinging her chair around like she was a ragdoll when, to her absolute horror, four grass-stained and bruised boys stood in the doorway to her bedroom, staring at her in varying degrees of shock. James Dean's head cocked to one side as Michael nailed one of the song's higher notes.Her embarrassment didn't go unnoticed, and she waited for the relentless teasing and jokes. Her face went as red as her hair, but before she could formulate a response, Brian started singing and moving back and forth to the lyrics.Shocked, Lily watched as James Dean shrugged and jumped on the bed."I'm starting with the man in the mirror!" he bellowed as he jumped back off and terribly attempted to moon walk."If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself, and make a change!" Harry joined in, doing a weird form of the robot.Travis, not to outdone, joined James Dean and started dancing around Lily and her wheelchair, prompting her to laugh and high five them as they went all in with her.Okay. So... maybe weren't the girls, and maybe she couldn't dance with them, but that was alright. They were goof enough to dance and sing to ridiculous 80s songs with her. Was it like the old times? No. But her boys...Her boys were more than enough.…Story Six: Lucky Number SevenAnother day, another successful mission... it was well past midnight when James Ignotus Potter quietly opened the door to 13 Engram Avenue and let his partner and best friend Sirius inside. Locking and recasting the magical wards, he and Sirius slipped their shoes off and made for the Potter home's bar. Lily and the boy's were all in there rooms, fast asleep, and they had had a rough day at the office. Pulling a bottle of Glennfiddich, James grabbed two tumblers and they sat at a table. James summoned ice for Sirius's glass, as he liked his on the rocks.Sirius heaved a sigh and looked at his best friend. They were both haggard and frayed, with ragged eyes and blood splashed across their bodies and clothes, as if they worked all day in a butchery rather than the Auror's office Without further ceremony, they broke all tradition and knocked back their glasses of scotch in one gulp."Gah," Sirius grimaced, smacking his lips in pain and appreciation before smacking the bottle in his hand for a refill.They followed this trend a few more times, both silently going over the nights events in their heads. A former Death Eater who had claimed to be "imperios'd," had taken a liking to torturing and killing muggle women, and James and Sirius, being the senior investigators of the Aurors office, had naturally been assigned to the case. They had to wade through the red tape of working with muggle law enforcement, obliviating witness's memories after taking statements, and the setbacks many investigations accrue; lack of evidence.But a muggle security firm caught the bastard on a grainy CCTV. The muggle liaison office got them the tapes, and they knew exactly who it was as soon as they saw man. Sallow face, long, pointed beard, short, stooped frame, and a nervous tic of clenching and unclenching his wand hand... it was the one and only Franklin Nott.They had confirmed he had killed a minimum of six. He wasn't very picky, either. So long as the victim was muggle and female, he seemed all to pleased to extract as much pain and suffering from them before letting them bleed out on the floor of wherever he whisked them away to. Selena McAllister. Eunice Halliburton. Kyla Atogwe. Myrna Galloway. Camille Walker.Six women, ranging in age from nineteen to eighty-seven, all slaughtered ritualistically after being tortured for hours, or even days, on end.They knocked back their fifth scotch, and sat in companionable silence. They were pouring over reports at the office when a lead in the form of a 999 call in muggle London. It had been made by a university student screaming that her friend had been kidnapped by a short, older man who made them disappear as soon as he had her arm in his hands. The muggle liaison office forwarded them the call, and James and Sirius were there in minutes to question the poor girl, a young, French university student named Amelie. She was distraught, but had managed to recollect the story of how an old man dressed in a black hooded cloak appeared in front of them wit a popping noise, grabbed her friend by the arm, and popped away, all in ten seconds or less. Sirius forwarded her to the Obliviators, who promised to give her happy memories of that evening.James and Sirius then had the Magical Law Enforcement Office pull out any possible Traces. With luck there was a magical child, a young muggleborn named Nigel, in the area, and his Trace picked up Nott's apparition. With a general idea of where they went, James, Sirius, and an large task force of Magical Law Enforcement officers and Aurors swarmed to Liverpool.It had taken time, but the MLEO's had specially trained crups tracking them down, and had narrowed it down to an abandoned dock warehouse. They set up and swarmed the building, but alas, as it goes, they were too late. Nott had had his fun, and seeing the Auror's presence fill the main floor of the warehouse, decided to slit the poor girl's throat with a nonverbal curse before surrendering."Lucky number seven," the madman had laughed as MLEO's took him into custody."C'mon, stay with me," Sirius bade her when he reached her battered, barely clothed body, ignoring Nott's maniacal wheezing laughter as he was dragged away. He clapped his hand on her throat in a vain attempt to put pressure on her wound. "Do we know the curse he used?! The counter curse!?"Silence was all they were met with. Silence, and the droning of wheezing, hacking fits of cackling. James and Sirius looked the dying girl in the eyes, knowing it was too late. Her eyes bulged as they silently pleaded to them to help, to replace her draining life's blood. James clasped his handkerchief around it, but it didn't help."I'm so sorry, love," Sirius soothed, brushing her blonde hair from her bruised and broken face. She couldn't have been any older than seventeen or eighteen. "Curses... they can't be healed with traditional magic. We would need the counter curse, and we don't know this spell."The girl's tan skin was turning dead gray. She seemed to understand, and nodded at them. She weakly grabbed Sirius's wrist, and he gripped back, squeezing. "I'm not going anywhere, love. You're not alone. You're not alone."She gave him a meek smile before the light, and life, left her brown eyes. She fell limp in Sirius's hands, who looked down in mourning."Five minutes," James Sr. mumbled over his sixth glass of scotch. He downed it. "Five minutes sooner, we could have saved her.""Hmm," Sirius agreed as he washed back his seventh, before turning the tumbler in his hands in disdain. "Lucky number seven," he growled, before throwing the tumbler as hard as he could at the floor."Lucky number seven," James Ignotus Potter agreed in a hollow voice, throwing his last, seventh glass back. With an enraged roar, he stood and threw his against the wall. "Lucky number seven."...Well, there we have it. The conclusion of the first interlude. Some deleted, scrapped scenes, a little peak behind the curtains of how I'm writing the characters out as. What was your favorite? Mine was Constance. It was awkward trying to writer things from an animal's perspective and making up ways to describe people and things without using colloquial names and labels, but it was a challenge that I relished.

If you're reading this, much love. Sleep is important and you probably don't get enough. Coffee is delicious, but it isn't a substitute.ENJOI…The alarm clock started blaring at seven o'clock, and all that could be heard from the bed was a lazy, tortured moan before a thin, bare arm snaked out from under the covers and smacked it. The clock was sent crashing into the closet door, and having been silenced, as the figure beneath the bed bed gave a contented sigh and settled back on its stomach. Peace was not to be, however, because an overly excited Harry Andrew Potter burst into the room from the shared bathroom entrance, and laughing with glee, jumped on the bed."Harry," the figure spoke placidly. "You're my twin, my brother, my better half in more ways than one. I love you. Be a shame if I had to kill you.""Today's the day!" Harry hollered operatically as he whacked James Dean across what was probably his head with a pillow. "Get up! Today's the day!"A low grumble emitted from under the covers, before James Dean Potter's head popped out from under them. "I'm too old for this crap," he muttered.With a valiant effort, he made to get out of bed... and tripped on his bed sheets, tumbling to the floor in a heap. With a grouchy huff, he crawled up to his feet and made it to the bathroom, clumsily turning the water on cold and trying to shock himself awake. A year of being able to usually sleep in had turned him into the antithesis of a morning person.When he was dry and dressed, he looked over his trunk and made sure he had everything. Guitar? Check. Skateboard? Check. Clothes? Yup. School clothes? Unfortunately. Toiletries? He shrugged, they were in their somewhere. He poked the cage his owl resided in, a grouchy spectacled owl who loved mornings about as well as he, and he hooted at James derisively. The small bird was a bit of a grouch, which, according to Hagrid, who had purchased all four of the Potter sons owls as birthday presents, was perfect for him.Thanks a lot, big man.He made sure his journal, sketchpad, pencil box, sweets he raided from the pantry, and his spotting scope was in his leather messenger bag, then shuffled out of his room to get breakfast, looking more akin to a zombie than an eleven year old.…A grouchy and sleepy James Dean, a content Travis, a bored Brian, and a brimming with excitement Harry followed their parents as they marched into King's Cross Station. James's new owl looked around from its cage atop his traveling trunk, looking as wide eyed at its surroundings as the muggle folk around them looked at the family. Their dad was babbling something about the platform, but James Dean wasn't paying attention as he nursed a steaming hot paper mug his mother had made him. 'Chai,' she had called it. It was spicy in the spice kind of way rather than the hot, and had been sweetened with enough sugar to rot his teeth; in other words, to wake him up."Here we are," James Sr. proclaimed happily. "Platform Nine and three quarters."James Dean deadpanned. "There's no such thing.""Are you sure about that?" Lily asked with a smile.James Sr. grinned and gave his sons a wink as he looked around casually, making sure nobody was watching before leaning against the wall, but instead of hitting brick and mortar, he completely disappeared. Lily gave a roguish wink herself and wheeled herself through the wall, leaving the four of them in varying degrees of shock."Real cute," James Dean muttered and grouchily pushed his luggage cart through. Harry, totally amazed, ran after him. Brian and Travis, enthralled, followed suit, and the four emerged onto a platform from a totally different world. An old fashioned, scarlet red steam engine sat next to the platform, which was packed with kids and their families milling about, loading luggage, and getting on the train. Most were dressed rather normally, while a few here and there were dressed in fancy looking robes or even, in some cases, rags.James Dean recognized Neville and his grandmother, who was scolding him for losing his toad. He caught a glimpse of Tonks, who had grown her hair out a bit and had changed its color to pink, but she was on the train in a flash. A boy with dreadlocks and an ear to ear grin had a bunch of other kids huddled around him as he opened a box that revealed a large, hairy leg protruding from it, causing many to scream."Mum," a younger girl with bright red hair pleaded as she tugged her mother's sleeve. The girl, her mother, and what looked like an entire war-band of red head boys stood in front of them on the platform as the Potters moved towards the train. "Can't I go, too?""Now Ginny, you know you're not old enough, you'll get your letter next year," the plump, oddly dressed woman with similar, fiery hair soothed as she licked her thumb and tried to clean off her son's nose. "Arthur, can't you help them with their luggage?""Ah, yes, dear," her husband, dressed in odd robes that looked like they were made at home agreed. He was a tall, thin man with pale freckled skin, receding red hair, and looked to be older than James Dean's dad. He looked up as he caught sight of the Potter's and smiled. "Ah, James, good to see you!""'Lo, Arthur," James Sr. said politely. Lily pinched her husband in the back and gave him a 'Be Nice,' look. Their dad gave a tight lipped grin and stepped forward to shake the man's hand. "How are you this morning? Ron's first year, too, is it?""Ah, yes," the man nodded enthusiastically. He slung an arm around a dopey looking kid who looked like he was well on his way to being taller than his dad, with the same red hair, pale skin, pale blue eyes, and freckled face. "Ronald, this is Mr. Potter, I work with him from time to time at the office.The kid looked up at their dad in reverence and fear. "You-you're him?" he squeaked.James Sr. laughed awkwardly. "Yeah... I am me... Er, anyways, Arthur, these are our boys. James Dean and Harry Andrew, the twins, and our adopted sons, Travis and Brian."Arthur had an awe inspired look. "The Potter twins, eh?" He looked at Harry and James Dean and pumped their hands enthusiastically before looking to the other two. "And you're the ones from America? Who grew up with the Muggles?""Er-yeah, that's us," Travis answered with a forced smile, as Brian had already checked out of the conversation and was staring at the ceiling."Fascinating," Mr. Weasley gushed as he bent down to look at them at eye level. "Tell me, boys, do you know how those muggle miccerwaves works?""Uh, no?" Brian asked more than answered, as he brought his speacey gaze to Arthur's face."What's a miccerwave?" Travis asked, dubious."A microwave heats and cooks food by exposing it to electromagnetic radiation in the microwave frequency range," James Dean droned in explanation, taking a sip of his chai. "This induces polar molecules in the food to rotate and produce thermal energy in a process known as dielectric heating."All eyes stared at James stoically."Do... you even know what any of that means?" James Sr. asked.James Dean shrugged. "Not really. I read it in Uncle Vernon's owner's manual when he bought one for Aunt Petunia.""Fascinating," Arthur smiled. "Muggles can print owner's manuals?""Ahem," Lily interjected, sensing the awkwardness of the situation rising above what her husband could handle. "Its almost time for the train.""Right, right," Arthur conceded, standing upright. "Not to worry lads, we'll stuff your luggage for you. You all and Ron find yourselves a cabin!""Are you sure?" Lily asked. "You don't have to-""Nonsense, Lily!" Arthur laughed as he began helping James Sr. push their trunks. "Its the least I can do!""Well, he seems nice," Harry said as the five boys boarded the train."He always is," Ron explained, looking star struck. "Here, an open cabin! We don't want to get stuck in a cabin with my brothers, Fred and George, they'll prank us out of the train."That perked James Dean's ears, and gave Travis a shared smile. "Pranksters, are they?" Travis asked."Pull mean tricks on people, they do," Ron huffed, shaking his head."Don't be shy, tell us more," James smiled as Travis pulled a Mars bar out of his coat pocket and tossed it to Ron, who looked at it confused."What's this?""Candy," Brian answered."Doesn't look like any candy I ever seen before," Ron said dubiously."Its a muggle chocolate bar," James explained. "Mostly harmless. Now about your brothers.""Don't listen to them," Harry waved them off, reaching into Travis's pocket and pulling himself a Cadbury bar. "We like pranking people to.""On'y da onesh dat desherve et," James Dean defended as he munched from a bag of gummies."Fair," Ron whimpered, looking overwhelmed. "So, its true then? You're... the Potters? Like, the Potter Potter?""Yeah," Harry laughed.""Is it true then...""IS what true?"That you have the... the scar?""Oh, yeah," Harry affirmed, and pulled his bangs back, showing the scar that looked like he'd been struck by lightning.Ron's eyes went wide. "Wicked!"Harry shrugged."Makes for good conversation at parties," Travis quipped."Chicks do dig scars," James agreed, probing the small scar on his own lip with his tongue idly.The compartment door opened and identical, red headed, tall twins looked in at them."So it is true-"-The Potter twins are here-""Gonna make an interesting year I'd say-""Better not get any funny ideas," James interrupted their dialogue, smiling as he sipped his tea. "We prank back."The twins' eye lit up like Christmas trees, and Ron cleared his throat. "Uh, Harry, James, Travis, Brian... meet my older brothers, Fred and George.""Charmed," the twins chorused, smirking."You two should be nicer to your sister," Brian muttered, his eyes looking far away. "She looks up to you two more than you realize."The compartment fell silent as all eyes fell on Brian, who snapped out of his reverie. "What, is there something in my teeth?""Do you not remember saying what you just said?" James demanded. "Even for us, that's rude, dude.""I didn't say anything?" Brian asked, confused. "I was just daydreaming...""Anyway..." the twins chorused, segueing from the awkward conversation."Lee's got a giant tarantula on board," Fred(or at least James thought it was Fred) explained, looking to Ron. "We're gonna try and get Perfect Prefect Percy with it. Thought we'd stop in and, y'know, give you fair warning. Introduce ourselves."With a wave, they left, and the compartment fell into a modicum of peace as Brian stared out the window, Travis and Harry chatted up Ron about living in the Wizarding world, and James leaned back, pulling out his sketch pad. He flipped to an open page and pondered what to draw. He didn't like drawing from memory, and wasn't in the mood to be creative, so he settled on Ron as his subject and started sketching.His tea ran dry and he was peckish when a knock on the compartment door shook them from their respective goings on. "Anything from the trolley, dears?" a kindly old lady asked them, motioning to a cart loaded down with sweets."Sure," Harry answered exuberantly. He pulled a few galleons from his pocket. "We'll take a bit of everything.""Taking this whole being away from mom thing in stride, I see," Travis laughed."Three hours from her supervision and we're already buying ourselves diabetes," James cracked, as he snagged a cauldron cake from Harry's arms.Ron held up a sad looking sandwich made with rye bread. "I always tell her I hate corned beef," he muttered sadly.Brian snagged it from him and plopped some of Harry's sweets on him. With a tug and a flick, Brian flung the sandwich out the window. "Nobody's got time for corned beef when there's chocolate involved."Spirits soared as the lunch hour came and went, but Harry, Ron, and Travis subsequently passed out in a sugar coma afterwards. Brian returned to his day dreaming and James finished his comical rendition of Ron's face when Brian had flung his sandwich out the window. He chewed on a piece of Drooble's gum as he tore the page out and folded it, sneaking it into Ron's pocket.He spat the gum and picked up a chocolate frog. Apparently with every frog came a collector's card of famous witches and wizards. Harry had known about them, but James, Travis and Brian never really got all that exposed to the magical world, and were entranced when a frog sprang to life from the box. He had laughed, though, when Harry had found a Dumbledore card and the thing escaped out the window. He peeled his open, and deftly caught the "living," frog before it get away. He slurped it into his mouth and chewed as he pulled his card out.Rowena Ravenclaw. Not bad, he surmised, as he read who she was. She was pretty, he had to admit, but her portrait looked grim faced and kinda sad. She had a dark look about her that spoke of a life of hardship, and James, not even really knowing anything about her, actually felt a little bad for her. He flipped the card over to read her info.Rowena RavenclawMedieval(precise dates unknown)One the four founders of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Rowena Ravenclaw was the most brilliant witch of her time, though, legend has it that a broken heart -cause unknown- contributed to her early demise."Wit beyond measure, is man's greatest treasure."James flipped the card back over. "Wit beyond measure, eh?" he chuckled quietly. "Sounds like my kinda chick."A sliver of a small smile graced the portrait's lips, and she disappeared. Strange, James thought as he stuffed the card into his bag. This magical, moving portrait stuff really threw him through a loop. He marveled a bit at how much life had changed in a single year, but was again shaken from his thoughts by Neville Longbottom knocking on the door and peeking in."You haven't seen a toad, have you? Lost mine."James shook his head. "Saw a chocolate frog scream, "FREEEEEEDOOOOOM!' as it committed suicide by jumping out the window, though."Neville laughed a bit at the joke and backed out, still looking worried. Neville's intrusion had woken the other three up, and Ron yawned. "Lost his pet, huh?""I guess," Harry answered, rubbing the sleep from his eyes."Wish mine would disappear," Ron mumbled, pulling a snoozing, fat rat out of his pocket. "Stupid rat's about worthless. Could be dead, he sleeps so much, and we wouldn't know the difference.""Ugh, Constance would have a field day with that thing," Brian murmured."Should we try it?" Ron asked hopefully."No," the four chorused.Ron slumped. "Figures. Dunno why I even had to take him. He was my brother Percy's pet, I only have to take him because Percy made prefect and got brand new... everything, including some stupid owl.""Is everything you get hand me downs?" Harry asked softly.Ron nodded glumly. "Yeah," he muttered, but perked up. "I know! Fred and George told me a spell that might make him more interesting!" He pulled out his wand, and four sets of eyes watched as he started to wave the wand when the compartment door opened."Would it kill you to, y'know, knock?" James Dean griped as he looked up at the intruder, and his scowl went even darker. "Oh, great, its you."Bushyhair stood there, hands on her hips and a sheepish Neville behind her. She was already dressed in her new Hogwarts robes and uniform, the shirt tucked in neatly and her tie smartly draped from neck. She scoffed as she saw James, and rolled her eyes."Have any of you seen a toad? Neville's lost his.""No, sorry," Harry mumbled.She nodded and looked at Ron, then, and perked a bit at seeing him holding his wand. "Oh, are you about to try magic? Well, let's see it then."Ron looked at Harry nervously, who urged him on. "Ahem... Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow!"To everyone's sarcastic surprise, it didn't work."Are you sure that's a real spell?" said the girl. "Well, it's not very good, is it? I've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's all worked for me. Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard — I've learned all our course books by heart already, of course, I just hope it will be enough — I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?""Ron Weasley.""Travis.""Brian Gates Jr.""Harry," Harry said, and extending his hand. "Harry Potter."Her eyes went big, and James rolled his eyes. "Are you really?! I know all about you and your brother, of course - I got a few extra books for background reading, and you two are in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century. Is he here, on the train?"Harry looked at James Dean, who scowled."It doesn't matter," she giggled and waved it off. "I'm sure I'll get to meet him in class! Anyway, about that toad-"James gave Neville, who looked fit to burst into tears, a sympathetic look and cut her off. "He's already asked us. We ain't seen it.""'Ain't' isn't a word,'" she informed him in a bossy tone."Well I ain't gonna stop saying it, so you might as well add it to your dictionary," James deadpanned back."At least I know how to use a dictionary," she hissed."Oh ho ho," Travis clapped and looked to Brian. "Going after his vocabulary!""Pretty bold move," Brian agreed, slugging Travis playfully. "Let's how it works out for her, Travis.""Now look here you chipmunk," James seethed as he stood up and pointed a finger at her chest and getting in her face. "I think I know how to use a dictionary, seeing as I have read three of them cover to cover. You don't wanna test the knowledge kept keenly in my skull, sister. You'll systematically be severed syllable by syllable in syllabus form as I shake the shambles of your shackled psyche. Tonguetwisters can tie, tether, or trammel me in your trap of tepid theories about my tutelage. Your accusations are approximate, assumptive, and abject at best and arbitrary, artificial, and aspersive at worst. I would feel bad for you, but your demeanor is downright demeaning, devilishly despicable, and dastardly depthless. You make arguments based on presentation, presenting no other plausible predicament and consider no other possibilities. You're obtuse, you're uninspired, and act like a blustering, bumbling bully. Name's Potter, by the way. James Dean Potter."The girl's eyes went cross eyed at his alliterative soup and backed away from him. As soon as she was out of the doorway, he looked at Neville. "Sorry about Trevor, Nev's. I'm sure he'll pop up."With that, he slammed the cabin door in her face and slumped back down in his seat with a lopsided grin. "Damn, that felt good."...The afternoon dragged on, and the sun had begun to turn wild scenery outside shades of orange and pink. Harry suggested the get changed into their robes and as James Dean helped Brian tie his tie. Once their street clothes were put away, they settled in for the final leg of the journey. Ron was explaining to James how the game of exploding snap worked when the compartment door was slung open.Again.With no knocking."Seriously?" James seethed. "Does the wizarding world not understand the concept of knocking?"Three boys entered, and Harry seemed to recognized the middle one at once. He was looking at Harry with a lot more interest than anyone else, and pointed his finger at him."Is it true?" he said. "They're saying all down the train that the Potters are in this compartment. So it's you, is it?""Yes," Harry muttered listlessly. James, however, was looking at the other boys. Both of them were thickset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards."Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," drawled the pale boy carelessly, noticing where James was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy." Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigger. Draco Malfoy looked at him. "Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford." He turned back to Harry. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with... the wrong sort. I can help you there." He held out his hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take it."I think I can tell the wrong sorts for myself, thanks," he said coolly. James's heart soared in pride at Harry's defense. Harry never would've talked like that a year ago.Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks. "I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," he spat their last name like it was a curse. "Unless you become a bit... considerate, you'll go the same way as your mother, or worse. She didn't know what was good for her, either. You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."They all stood up at that. "Say that again," Ron said, his face as red as his hair."I 'unno what the hell ya think ya know about my mother,' James seethed at Malfoy's reference to their mother. "But threaten us again, and we'll ensure you end up far worse.""Nice accent, there," Malfoy cracked sarcastically. "Pick it up from a gutter?""Picked it up from the toughest city in da states," Travis growled, his own Brooklyn accent becoming heavy. "Talk like that to us again, y'all see what it's like to eat through a straw.""Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?" Malfoy sneered. His bigger companions started cracking their knuckles and scowled threateningly."Unless you get out now," Harry threatened, his usually happy face dark with intent. Crabbe and Goyle were bigger, a lot bigger than him or Ron, but James, Travis, and Brian had been in enough street fights to know how to handle themselves."But we don't feel like leaving, do we, boys? We've eaten all our food and you still seem to have some." Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - James leapt forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell. Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.Perhaps they thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in. "What has been going on?" she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail."I think he's been knocked out," Ron mumbled as he inspected his rat. He looked closer at Scabbers."I think he's just sleeping," Brian said, poking the snoring rat.Harry explained about his meeting with the Blonde Blunder in Diagon Alley. "I've heard of his family," said James. "Apparently they're a family listed in the Noble twenty eight or something.""They were some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared. Said they'd been bewitched. My dad doesn't believe it. He says Malfoy's father didn't need any excuse to go over to the Dark Side."James nodded in understanding and turned to Hermione, who was looking huffy from being generally ignored. "Can we help you with something?""You'd better hurry up and get ready, I've just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there. You haven't been fighting, have you? You'll be in trouble before we even get there!"James scoffed."Scabbers has been fighting, not us," defended Ron, scowling at her."Would you mind leaving?" James asked. "We don't need a mother.""Fine," Hermione sniffed impishly. "I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors. And you've got mud on your nose, by the way, did you know?"Ron, James, and Travis glared at her as she walked away. They spent the last few minutes of the ride picking up and stowing the sweets away, splitting them amongst each other, including a sheepish Ron who was reluctant to take any. He stopped protesting when Harry and James forced a pile of cauldron cakes into his robes, and even got him to take a bag of Every Flavor Beans."Five minutes until Hogsmeade Station," A voice droned through the trains loudspeakers. "Five minutes until Hogsmeade Station. Leave all luggage with the train, it will be taken to the castle separately."Ron and Harry began to look a bit queasy."What house you reckon you'll get in?" Ron asked to no one in particular."I'm hoping for Gryffindor," Harry answered neutrally. He looked like he was going to be sick."Me too," Ron nodded. "Though I bet I'll be in Hufflepuff. Least it isn't Slytherin, there's not a single dark wizard who didn't come from there.""They aren't all bad," James interjected. "Hell, Merlin was a Slytherin.""Yeah, but so was You-Know-Who," Ron argued."You-Know- oh, you mean Voldemort?" Harry askedRon gasped and about fell outta his seat."What?" Harry asked. "Its just his name.""I just thought that, well, with everything that happened, you'd be the ones who would want to say his name the least," Ron shrugged before looking at James. "What about you? What house you think you'll be in?""I suspect that I'll be in Gryffindor. Dad told us there was rarely ever a Potter to not get in. Mom's hoping I get in Ravenclaw, but to be honest, I don't care what house I go in, as long as these knuckleheads get in with me."James slung his arms around Brian and Travis, who shared his lopsided grin. "We're the three amigos, have been since we met, and there ain't a house in this school we can't take on or over. Ain't nothing stopping us from being the Kings of our house.""Ha!" Brian laughed. "We'll be the PranKings!""That sounds stupid," James said neutrally, before grinning. "I love it!""All students vacate the train please," the loudspeaker called. "We have arrived."James, Travis, and Brian, with their favorite leather bags slung across their shoulders, all stood up immediately, and James, arms still clinging to his taller brothers, marched them out of the compartment cheerfully. Ron and Harry trailed after as they joined the growing line of students getting off, and in little time, were out and in the fresh, early evening air.The platform they walked onto was small and dark, being sparely lit by lanterns. The rail house was an old, cobblestone building that was equally dark, and James could see the village of Hogsmeade further down a narrow walking path, little lamp lights being the only indicator of the town's existence in the dusk. Most of the students were already filing their way to carts that didn't have horses attached to the harnesses yet."Fir' Years!" A booming, familiar voice called out. Hagrid stood off to the right of the horse path, holding a lantern and waving the first years to him. "All Firs' Years, follow me!"James jogged to get to his favorite outdoorsman and bumped fists with the giant man. "Wassup, Hagrid?""I'm alrigh', you, lads?""We're good," James and Harry chorused with grins. Brian and Travis gave cheerful thumbs up, and Ron looked out of place."Firs' Years, we're going down to the lake! We got all the Firs' Years? Good, then, follow me!"Hagrid led them down a steep, narrow path that led to the Black Lake. Insects sang in the air as the fist year students stumbled and tripped their way down to the shore. They neared a bend that gave them a view of the narrow shore, which was clogged with a fleet of boats that somehow stayed still in the gently rippling water."You'll get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a moment!" Hagrid told them, his voice booming in the shadowed dark forest around them.A chorus of excited whispers erupted as they came to the shoreline and, across the lake, on the side of a mountain that rose from the opposite shore, stood Hogwarts castle. It was humongous, even for a castle, and sprawled across the side of the mountain it was built on. It looked inky black in the early night sky as light twinkled from the windows. Flags waved impressively from the top of towers and turrets, and when James squinted hard enough, he could see suits of armor standing silent guard over the grounds."No more'n four a boat!" Hagrid ordered, as he plopped himself down into his own. James and Travis bolted into one boat, while Harry, Ron and Brian hopped into another with Neville. A kid with short blonde hair and brown eyes stumbled into James's boat, and helped a mousy, shaky girl with light brown hair and blue eyes in as well. She gave James and Travis a timid, close lipped smile and Travis, being ever the friendly guy, thrust his hand out."Travis Barker," he introduced himself."Oh, uh, Tony," the blond boy shook his hand. "Tony Goldstein.""James Dean," James followed suit, offering his hand and smiling.Tony gawped at him, leaving James's hand floating there. "You mean, as in... Potter?""Yup," James smiled wider, looking at his held up hand, then back to Tony."Oh, right!" Tony almost fell over himself to shake his hand, then Travis's, making James and Travis laugh. "Its an honor to meet you!""Likewise," James assured before turning to the girl. He offered her his hand, and she froze, as if scared and unsure what to do. "Nice to... meet you?"The girl wiped her hands fervently on her robes and took his hand lightly, as if afraid he would break or something. "Kiara Kennedy."She shook Travis's hand shyly, but before conversation could continue, Hagrid called out. "Everyone abroad? Right, then. FORWARD!"He pulled his umbrella and tapped his boat, which made the boats all start smoothly sailing forwards. The chattering fell silent as the boats glided smoothly across the placid lake. They all just took in the night sky, which was the clearest starlit sky James had ever seen. Hogwarts was nestled into a valley of sorts, and as such, excellently secluded. James knew from his reading that it had many different enchantments and spells to keep Muggles and unwanted guests out, but by looking at the Scottish countryside, it felt almost as if it wasn't needed. The Forbidden Forest was full of many dangerous creatures, as well as the centaurs, which made getting through there would be a challenge.Looking down, James could just barely make out the billowing tendrils of the Giant Squid, which shimmered in the diluted moonlight. It was rumored that the Squid was actually a cursed or transfigured Godric Gryffindor, but James laughed that off as stupid.As they neared the cliff face Hogwarts was built upon, Hagrid called out for them to watch their heads. The boats passed through a wall of ivy and emerged into an underground boathouse. The little boats came to a smooth rest against docks inside the cavern, and everyone disembarked, eyes wide and looking aroundat their surroundings."This yer toad, lad?" Hagrid asked as he picked up said amphibian as it leaped off a boat."Trevor!" Neville cried, rushing forward. He carefully took the toad from Hagrid's big hands, giving him a sheepish smile. Hagrid patted him gently on the shoulder and turned to look at the rest of the students."Alrigh', up the stairs!" He commanded, leading them up the flight of steps going into the castle. They emerged into a grassy area outside the front gates of Hogwarts, and Hagrid wasted little time in marching them up to the gate. He pounded on it three times, the sound echoing across the grounds. Silence fell across the group as everyone waited with bated breath....

If you're reading this, much love. A few quick words, if you don't mind. I want to give a shout out to all of you who are following and favoroting tis story, and a super special thank you to:JK Rowling, for obvious reasons.Merendinoemiliano, for the wonderful reviews and for the help.BrendaPortela, your words made me smile. I hope you aren't disappointed!and ChunkyFunkyMunky, who left the greatest single review I have ever read. You stay you, you magnificent bastard.Before we move into this lengthy, fun chapter, some dad advice. Take the time to "wash behind your ears." A little self maintenance, even something as simple as brushing your teeth, clipping your nails, or putting on some makeup can make you feel a hundred times better, even in the times when the world feels less green, white, and blue and more like different shades of gray. It may seem trivial, but your mind will appreciate the confidence boost.ENJOI…The doors opened and a tall, straight backed woman with pitch black hair pulled tightly into an immaculate bun looked sternly upon them from behind half-moon spectacles. Her green and black robes billowed around her feet slightly, but that was the only movement from her as she regarded them stoically.Many of the others writhed under her gaze, but when her eyes fell on him James grinned and gave her a cheeky, two fingered salute. She ignored his playfulness and continued her appraisal, and James wondered if she was doing this simply for the enjoyment of watching them squirm."The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," Hagrid announced."Thank you, Hagrid, I'll take them from here," McGonagall replied meticulously. With a sweeping of her robes, she turned on her heel, silently bading them to follow her. Everyone was silent as she led them into the castle, which was made with yellowed granite and was lit with torches. Statues of armored knights lined the walls to the entry way, silently watching them as the new students passed.McGonagall led them up a grand marble staircase and passed a huge door to their right. Hundreds of voices could be heard, but was deafened as McGonagall motioned them into a smaller chamber to the side. Crowding in, the first years were packed like sardines when McGonagall finally spoke to them."Welcome to Hogwarts," she started, her Scottish accent coming through, but she still enunciated well enough to be understood clearly. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your House will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your House common room."The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your House points, while any rule-breaking-" she fixed James Dean with a prescient look. "-will lose House points. At the end of the year, the House with the most points is awarded the House Cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever House becomes yours."The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting."Her gaze fell on Neville, who's robes were askew and trembling from the toad in his pocket, and Ron, who still hadn't gotten the dirt smear cleaned off his nose.James and Travis pushed through the crowd as she left, straight to their brothers. In mock hysteria, they gave each of them weepy, sarcastic hugs and claimed obnoxiously that they had missed them. The other students laughed at their responding antics; Travis babbled about how without Brian he was lost like a love-sick girl, Brian giving James a sarcastically sloppy kiss on the cheek, and Harry warbled about how he was lost with his "better half." They even gave Ron an around-the-shoulder embrace, much to his surprise."So, this is the highly esteemed Hogwarts," Brian breathed, rubbing his hands to ward off the chilly night air. "Looks like any old castle to me.""Are you kidding me?" Hermione Granger's voice called out from the middle of the flock of students. "This castle has so many enchantments-""Yes, yes we know, bookworm," Travis interrupted. "You're not the only muggle-raised person to read Hogwarts: A History."A couple of kids laughed at her being shot down, and she didn't shoot back a reply. James snickered as he figured she had to be more than a little peeved, and the other kids next to her had to have been fearing for their lives, being saddled next to the snob."Bloody hell, mate," Ron exclaimed once she had closed the door. "You'd think she has it out for you!""And for good reason," Hermione sniped from the other side of the room."Bring it on," James replied to both brazenly. "It's about time we get to challenge our skills, right guys?""Oh, yeah," Brian drawled, looking excited."Sure," Travis laughed. "She our first target, then?""Oh, I can think of a few things to prank her on.""Uh, am I the only one scared about the Sorting?" Ron piped in. "Seriously?""Oh my God, I'm scared too!" A tall, dark skinned kid answered. "Dean Thomas. I'm a muggleborn, see, so I have no idea what is going to happen.""Fred and George said they had to battle a troll," Ron cast in. "I doubt it, though…""I heard you had swim across the Black Lake," a blond girl with pale blue eyes said wearily. Tony gave out an involuntary whimper."Am I the only one who has read Hogwarts: A History?" James and Hermione demanded. Looking at each other, they both scoffed and turned from each other."You just put on a really old hat and it tells you what house you're in," James murmured."Oh.""Well, that makes sense.""A ruddy hat?""What if it has lice?""Or muggleborn hair! I don't want to share any hats that some mudblood has tainted! I'd rather battle that troll!""So, it's true then," a familiar drawling voice caught James's attention as its owner made his way through the crowd, flanked by a pair of beefy looking brutes. "The Potters really are know it all's!""Yeah, nice to- what the-?!" James screamed as over twenty wispy, silvery men and women faded into the room. They were arguing about some poltergeist, when one of them noticed the first years."Well, what have we here? New students? I'm pleased to meet you all," the rotund, medieval-dressed man started kindly."Uh… back at you?""Oh, leave the children alone, Cecil, you're frightening them," another ghost of a tall and limber woman scolded."Well, they'll have to get used to us sooner or later, won't they! We might as well start off graciously rather than abominably!""You'll scare them regardless, dear.""Damnable woman, that Sybil," the Ghost named Cecil muttered angrily as he floated through the wall to the Great Hall. "You'd think that after death I'd earn a reprieve from her marriage, but no, it's as if we never died at that wretched hotel-""Don't mind some of our resident spirits, young one," an ethereal voice spoke to James. Looking up, he saw a beautiful woman smirking sadly at him. "Most of us did not die under favorable circumstances.""I'm sorry to hear that," James replied sincerely."Oh," she chuckled embarrassingly, running her hands down her eloquent dress, revealing a stab wound in her abdomen. "It's refreshing to have an actual living being show pity. Most of thine house's students are either cold to me, or simply avoid contact. Compassion is a rarity tis' day it seems, and I'm gleeful that you have it. I bid yee good luck with your sorting, kind boy, and wish thee well.""Creepy," Travis stated."It… wasn't as weird as I thought it'd be. You know, when Mom told me about them.""She must have been the Grey Lady," Granger spoke up. "The House Ghost for Ravenclaw."James said nothing back, half because it didn't require a response, half because Professor McGonagall had returned, carrying a hat in one arm and a stool in another. "It is time."She led them into the Great Hall, which was filled with four long tables with benches lining them, packed with hundreds of students. The stained glass windows were magically animated, showing curious creatures that moved and ambled about as the students walked past. James looked up at the ceiling, and was amazed at how little his books did it justice.It was as if there wasn't a ceiling at all. Stars and clouds glittered amongst the moon. Hundreds, if not thousands of floating wax candles floated beneath it, dipping up and down as if floating in water. The ghosts had taken up positions in the hall, floating amid them, and silently waited.McGonagall left the line of first years before the final table, which sat at the head of the Great Hall and had what appeared to be all the teachers sitting at it. A great, tall dais sat before it, made of gold and featuring an owl statue with open wings at the top, which also appeared to be a book rest. The professors themselves were an odd bunch, James surmised.One was extremely short and old, with wild tufts of snow white hair puffing up from his knobby head. Another was tall and thin with immaculate, dark brown skin and a round face, which contrasted beautifully with her shimmering gold robes. A snide looking man with greasy black hair and sallow skin stared James and Harry down, Harry being oblivious and James rolled his eyes.That must have been the professor their dad warned them about, Snape.Ignoring the leers from the potions master, he then looked at Quirrell, who was stammering to Snape and sweating profusely, looking terrified of him. James caught sight of Hagrid and waved at him. Hagrid waved back with a smile and accidentally stepped on a frumpy looking professor's foot. The woman, in dirt stained gray robes and a funny looking droopy hat cursed at him, and he apologized as he found his seat.McGonagall returned with a four-legged stool that had an old, tattered looking wizard's hat on it. The hat moved, as if alive, and seemed to be looking at its surroundings. After it finished its inspection of the Great Hall, a rip near the brim of the hat opened like a comically horrific maw and it began to... sing?"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty, but don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find a smarter hat than me. You can keep your bowlers black, your top hats sleek and tall, for I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat and I can cap them all. There's nothing hidden in your head the Sorting Hat can't see, so try me on and I will tell you where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart. Their daring, nerve, and chivalry set Gryffindors apart. You might belong in Hufflepuff, where they are just and loyal. Those patient Hufflepuffs are true and unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've a ready mind, where those of wit and learning, will always find their kind. Or perhaps in Slytherin you'll make your real friends, those cunning folk use any means to achieve their ends. So put me on! Don't be afraid! And don't get in a flap! You're in safe hands (though I have none) For I'm a Thinking Cap!" Applause erupted from the Great Hall as it finished its singing, but James stayed silent, waiting to get on with it. The Hat dramatically bowed to the four House Tables, then to the professors, before settling back on the chair. McGonagall stepped forward, and reading from a long roll of parchment, started calling names.…"Abbott, Hannah!" McGonagall called out. A blushing, timid looking blonde girl approached the hat.Harry squirmed uncomfortably in his spot in line. James put a hand on his shoulder."Quit squirreling around, will ya?" he muttered as Harry tried in vain to tame his hereditary wild hair. "It's not gonna go down, so just leave it. Besides, it makes you look wild; the ladies all love a bad boy.""I'm not here to impress some gross girl," Harry seethed back in a whisper, barely audible over the murmuring going on around them.. He looked up at the ceiling, which seemed to never end and was bewitched to mirror the weather outside. Thousands of candles glittered in the air above the tables, being suspended magically."Is it just me, or is it a little creepy that that thing was singing, much less able to carry his tunes in a bucket?" Harry's brother asked."It isn't just you, I think."The hat seemed to be thinking on Hannah's head.. "Still scared?"Oh, was Harry ever. What if that thing couldn't figure out what House to put him in? He wasn't feeling ambitious, like a Slytherin, nor brave like a Gryffindor. What if it just sat there, on his head, until McGonagall ripped it off his head and threw his sorry hide back on the train?"Relax, worrying ain't gonna help. You'll get into anything else but Slytherin, trust me.""How do you know?" Harry asked incredulously."Because you ain't got any ambitions, ya freak, that's why. You're my brother, I know these things."Harry slugged James in the arm. "If you say so…""Hufflepuff!""Barker, Travis!"…Travis ambled up to the sorting hat, hands in his pockets and a breezy air about him. Inside, he was trembling, scared that he'd be separated from James and Brian and Harry, but he had a look to uphold. He grinned at McGonagall, who quirked an eyebrow back at him as she sat on the stool. She placed the big, dirty hat on his head."Ah, but what a refreshing thing this is," a small voice muttered in his ear. "An American? At Hogwarts? Yes, very interesting indeed. Brave lad, aren't you... But you hide your fear behind your bravery than actually being brave enough to fight that fear... no, no. Friendliness for the sake of being the opposite of your perceptions of someone else isn't true friendship at all, but a hard worker, indeed you are... but for you own benefit? Tut tut, that won't do at all... your ambitions lie in only being better for everyone's sake around you... not quite an ambition at all, but a noble sacrifice... no... you're... smart, though... hmmm... yes, I think you'll be better served in-"RAVENCLAW!"…"You're worrying about nothing', bro," James soothed him, barely paying attention to Travis's sorting. "You are gonna be a Gryffindor, I guarantee it.""Bones, Susan!""You can't guarantee I'll get into Dad's old house!""Hufflepuff!""Boot, Terry!""Yes I can, you're a lot more noble and chivalrous than you think.""Ravenclaw!""Brocklehurst, Mandy!""I hope you're right…""I always am. Just you see."…"Gates, Brian!"When nobody came forward, McGonagall scowled. "Brian Allen Gates Jr.?""Oh!" Brian called out, ignoring laughter as he power walked up to the hat. "Sorry, that's me!""Perhaps if you spent a little more time paying attention, you'd end up not wasting anyone else, hmm?" McGonagall scorned him. He flushed a bit, but sat on the chair and let her put the hat on his head."Ah, another American. Two in one year? How lucky for me..." the hat whispered in Brian's ear. It felt kind of like someone was rooting around in his head."Oh, oh, my dear boy, I-" the hat tapered off. Brian felt bad, because it seemed like the hat sounded a little depressed, and he hoped it wasn't his fault."Oh, you precious boy," it tutted at him. "Worried about little ole me. You would be far better suited in Hufflepuff, that much is clear. However- tell me, lad. You see things in your daydreams, don't you? Things that were, things that will be?""Yes," Brian whispered, lip shaking."A rare talent, and for it to manifest in one so young, so well, and for someone who has known such... such pain... I pity you. Close your eyes, and drift with me a moment... tell me what you see.""I see..." Brian whispered to the hat as he did what was told. "I see my brothers and I, together, and we're... we're fighting. We're fighting... oh, oh hell, it's-""That's enough of that, child. No need to frighten yourself on the first day. Its against my better judgment, as your sensitive heart would better be served in the warmth of Hufflepuff... but I think it'll be better for you with your friend in-"RAVENCLAW!"...Kiara shuffled towards the stool. Her name was just called and the moment of truth was upon her. What her father would do to her when she returned home would be determined in mere moments, and it scared her beyond anything she had ever known in her entire life.McGonagall's impatient stare did nothing to qualm her fears. Sparing a look around at everyone else, who's neutral stares did nothing to calm her fraying nerves, she forced herself forward. She was all but shaking into pieces when she stood before the intimidating presence that was Professor McGonagall. She almost fell over taking her seat, and jumped when the Sorting Hat was placed up her head."Ah, a Kennedy… I remember your father. Strong, commanding, and ambitious, Declan. It was easy to put him in Slytherin. And your mother, yes, I remember that girl very well too. How is she?"Kiara choked on a sob. She had never gotten to know her mother, as she had died in a muggle car accident when she was an infant..."Oh, I'm so sorry," the hat soothed. "There, there, wee girl, but do I ever see so much of her in you. Soft, warm hearted, extremely intelligent and talented..."Her, Kiara Emmaline Kennedy? Intelligent and talented? Was this hat putting her on""No, m'dear, I most certainly am not. I know what I am, and see what you are. You are a kind and getnle soul, but with your abilities, you make an adept and apt…"RAVENCLAW!"Kiara was surprised she didn't faint. Numbly, she made her way to her new House table. The cheering seemed hollow to her, and she was pulled into the arms of a dark-haired, handsome older student who plopped her down next to him and congratulated her. She replied her thanks out of courtesy alone; she was too petrified of what her father would do to be sincere...."Potter, Harry!""Looks like your tickets up, Harry," James whispered as he patted him on the back. "Good luck.""Thanks," Harry replied appreciatively. James's pep talk had started to do wonders for him, and he wasn't as frightened as he was before. Taking a seat on the stool, he pulled the hat on and was oblivious to the increase chatter filling the Hall."Ah, a Potter! The famous Harry Potter, too, I must say, it is a privilege to meet you."It can talk? Harry thought wildly."Yes, I can talk! How do you think I sing? But alas, to business. Difficult… yes very difficult. Plenty of courage, yes, but also a thirst to prove that bravery."Not Slytherin, please not Slytherin…"You don't want to be placed in Slytherin? Whatever for? You are powerful... and Slytherin can teach you to use that power. You could become a formidable wizard, and make friends in the right places to help you even better use that power. No...? Well then, you better be a..."Gryffindor!"...You were right! Harry mouthed to James as he walked towards his table. The Weasley twins had stood up and chanted, "We got a Potter!" as the rest of the House clapped and cheered.Told you so, James mouthed back as he strode towards the stool before McGonagall even called his name. So enamored was he in getting Harry's spirits up, he missed Brian and Travis's Sorting. Looking around, he didn't find them, so he stopped searching when he approached the stool and the hat."Potter, Ja- oh, you're already here. Well, take a seat then."James did so, and grabbed the hat and placed it on top of his head a little crooked. Deciding he didn't like it that way, he shifted it to the other side. With a grunt of disapproval, he merely shifted it flush, and pulled it back so that its rear saddled on his neck, and out of his eyes."Ah, another Potter. A twin? Very rare, even for the Potters… they are renowned for having only one child. It is a pleasure to meet one of your stature as well," the small voice toned in his ear."Hey, nice to meet you to, man," James replied back out loud, earning amused looks from McGonagall and the rest of the Hall. James ignored them."Aha, a sense of humor. And… hm… intelligence, keen wit, cleverness to spare, and… oh my. You are very mature, an odd trait for one so young. And you have bravery, but nobility isn't your strong suit. You are loyal, and… well, you don't have a lot of ambition, do you? Laid back, as you would say… yes, difficult, difficult…""You could just proclaim me the next Headmaster and be done with it, make it easy for both of us.""Oh ho! Perhaps you have some ambition after all! No one man or woman becomes the Headmaster of Hogwarts so easily! You have a sort of initiative your twin lacks, but not nearly as much of his raw power... Yet you are also incredibly lazy...""Woooooow," James scoffed, crossing his arms. "That's rude. I'm not lazy, I'm just unmotivated to do things I don't wanna do."Laughter erupted as James talked loudly back at the hat, who chortled in his ear. "Yes, well, many would see that as being a form of laziness. Your laid back charm and charisma will net you many friends, but its a veneer isn't it? You could fit into any House here, boy, but I think you will do well with your friends in…"Ravenclaw!"James quirked his eyebrow, but shrugged it off, taking the hat off his head and spared a look to McGonagall. She looked down at him, her face mirroring his. It was obvious that she didn't expect him to be sorted into the bookish, rule-friendly house of Eagles.Finding his bearings quickly, he stood up and strode to his new table. They were cheering just as loud as the Gryffindors did when Harry got sorted into their House, only theirs was a little more… jubilant. Nobody expected him, of all people, to be in Ravenclaw. An Asian-looking girl was jumping up and down, clapping and screaming while a seventh year ran up to him and folded him into a hug, picking him and twirling him around as she squealed, "We got the other Potter! We got the other Potter!" Brian and Travis ran up to him and nearly tackled him as they dragged him over to their spots."I can't believe it!" Brian exclaimed, an excited look that looked almost out of place on his normally hollow face. "We're all in the same House!""I know!" Travis jubilantly screamed back. "This is going to be so awesome!""I didn't know you guys got sorted into Ravenclaw," James laughed in admiration."You were too busy giving Harry 'The Talk,' you idiot! You missed us!"By that time Dumbledore had to stand and scream, "Quiet!" because both the Gryffindors and Ravenclaws were making so much noise, the Sorting couldn't continue. All along the tables, people were gossiping loudly, making speculations, or just plain celebrating."I don't understand why they are making such a big fuss over something so…""Trivial?" Brian completed questioningly."Yeah. I mean, it's-""Rivers! RIVERS!" McGonagall screamed over the din the students were making."SILENCE!" Dumbledore blared, holding his wand to his throat and projecting his voice. "Silence!""Rivers, Matthew!"The rest of the Sorting was quiet; whenever a student was sorted, their new house would applaud politely, but it would die down fairly quick. However, when it ended with "Zabini, Blaise!" being sorted into Slytherin, the talks restarted."Hey, Potter!" an older boy with a handsome face and straight brown hair held up his hand. "Name's Roger Davies. It's nice to have you in Ravenclaw!"James shook the hand with a nod. "Thanks, man.""So is it true? That you are as good as your Dad at Quidditch?""What? He kills us every time we play!"The look of disappointment on Roger's face was apparent. "Oh. Well, congratulations!""Yeah," James muttered, not entirely sure as to what just happened.Dumbledore had stood at that moment and began to talk."Welcome!" he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you!" He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. James didn't pay attention as he poked Brian."Do you think that guy was trying to, you know, recruit me?""Recruit you? Well, I dunno, man," Travis whispered, applauding Dumbledore's short speech. Picking up a pork chop as if it hadn't just appeared right in front of him, he continued. "I heard that Roger Davies is supposed to be the next Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, he's so good. Wasn't Dad a chaser?""Yeah, good one, too, so he and everyone else says. But if Davies is so great, why would he try to get me to try out? I can't even play this year, so…""Don't worry 'bout it bro. You're probably reading a little too deeply into this. Oh my God, have you tried this mutton?"..."What about you? Do you play Quidditch?" a handsome, brown haired boy asked as he passed by.Kiara looked up from her plate of small, picky foods she had decided she would choke down. Her stomach was doing somersaults. She didn't dare imagine what her father would do when he inevitably learned she wasn't in Slytherin. He wanted her to befriend Draco Malfoy, get high marks, be a Slytherin. Her father crammed blood supremacy, magical history, and his own philosophies down her throat every chance he had. He never let her so much as touch anything if it wasn't a book. "Quidditch? I never was allowed to even play it."The older student shook his head. "Have to teach them all," he muttered...."Oh, man, that was good," Brian drawled as he shoveled the last of his dessert into his mouth and leaned back, holding his stomach. James was chugging his goblet of water from eating a "spice cake" that was a little too spicy, and Travis was wiping his mouth neatly with a cloth napkin. Dumbledore stood again and started in on his full address."Ahem — just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you. First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well."Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins, before moving to meet James's own and the old man winked. James crossed his arms and griped, feeling like he was being pointed out."I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors. Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their House teams should contact Madam Hooch. And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death."James, Travis, and Brian all gave each other the same intrigued look as Dumbledore continued. They knew exactly where they were going first chance they got."I wonder what Mom and Dad will say when they find out what House we got into," Brian said, hiding from everyone else around them what they were thinking."Mom will probably be ecstatic," Travis laughed. "She wanted us to get into Ravenclaw. Dad will bust a vein though."Brian nodded. "I agree. He thinks the only worthy House is Gryffindor House."James smirked and replied, "Well, we'll just to prove dear old Father otherwise, now won't we?""Oh no…" Travis groaned, patting his full belly. "So soon after dinner?""And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried Dumbledore, breaking their conversation.The other teachers' smiles had become forced as Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words."Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dumbledore, "and off we go!" And the school bellowed the lyrics, to which the three new Ravenclaws just sat back and watched. Everybody finished the song at different times, with the Weasley twins left singing along to a very slow funeral march. Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest. "Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!""Whatcha got in mind, bro?" Brian asked as the Great Hall was filled with the sounds of everyone clambering out of their seats."Just wait. You two just wait.""First year Ravenclaws, on us, please!" A tall, thin fifth year commanded over the ruckus. He looked like he was Arabic, but had an Irish accent. "Follow us prefects to the Tower, please!"…"I'm Samhain al-Fulani, and this is Penelope Clearwater," the Arabic looking prefect introduced himself and his partner, a boring looking blonde with brown eyes and officious attitude. "We're prefects, and this," he waved grandiosely, "Is the Grand Staircase. Beware, the stairs have a habit of changing…"The stairs did, in fact, change. The entire set of marble steps shifted and moved, shifting its destination to another hallway. The portraits lining the walls, painted with magic and featuring walking, talking, moving people, pointed and laughed at them, which was emboldened by the prefects looking forlorn at where the stairs led."...not always to your benefit," Samhain finished, looking sheepish.The first years and some older students laughed nervously. They were all tired from their long day and huge feast, and looked groggy and ready for sleep. James looked over at the Gryffindors, whose group had broken from theirs and were stuck in a similar predicament, only with the added benefit of being attacked by floating sticks- oh.James grinned and turned to Brian, who was also watching. Brian smiled back, and James tapped Travis on the shoulder, pulling him from his conversation with one of their fellow classmates. Travis saw the poltergeist attacking the Gryffindors and smiled big. Finally, a prefect James assumed was Percy Weasley scared the poltergeist off, who flew over the Ravenclaws shrieking in laughter.Many of the others ducked and screamed from the floating madman, but James didn't. He smiled and caught the specter's eye as it flew past, and gave him a two finger salute. The poltergeist winked and flew away, raining the last of his little twigs on them as he disappeared.Samhain and Penelope droned on and on about rules and studying as James, Travis, and Brian eased their way to the pack of the pack. Once they knew how to mostly get to the Ravenclaw dorms, they bolted.…"Okay, so what's the plan?" Travis asked as the retraced their steps back the way they came, in hopes of finding the poltergeist."We need to find that poltergeist," James replied as he checked a corridor for any incoming staff. "He can do what we can't.""And what are wanting him to do?" Brian asked."Hit Hermione where she lives," James explained as they tore off sneakily down the hall. A few portraits saw them, but mumbled incoherently at them and went back to sleep. "We'll give him these-" he pulled out from his robes a few squished cauldron cakes, a pair of licorice wands, and a crushed chocolate frog. "-and have thrash him her with them. If he does it while she's sleeping, even better!""Why don't we do it ourselves?" Travis inquired, looking skeptical. "We just sneak in to her dorm and-""Won't work," James muttered. "I have done my research. First of all, boys can't get in to girls' dorms, its enchanted to keep 'em out. Second of all, we'll be recognized immediately. We're famous, and everyone knows us as the newest members of Ravenclaw house. We need this poltergesist to pull of what I'm thinking.""Okay, but how's a ghost supposed to do that, then?" Travis demanded. "They can't hold onto physical objects!""He's not a ghost, you dolt, didn't you see him tossing sticks earlier?" James tapped his temple with two fingers. "He's a poltergeist, which also means he can't trip the gender-preventing enchantments. Besides, poltergeists live for making chaos and creating trouble.""So he isn't a dead person?" Brian muttered. "That's trippy.""Correct," James Dean answered. "They never were people to begin with, so they're just... I dunno, its hard to describe. They're chaos spirits.""Chaos spirit, ehhhhh?" A high pitched, whistling voice shrieked in the dead night air, waking up a ton of portraits and making the three brothers seize in shock. "I like the sound of that! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!""SHUT THE HELL UP!" James hissed, holding his finger to his lips as he whirled around to face where the voice came from. Sitting crossed legged as he floated in midair was the poltergeist they were looking for. Foppish black hair fell from beneath a jester's cap which rang from the bells that fell from the two tips, and he was dressed in a garish three piece suit with a wildly out of place orange bow tie. Sneering orange eyes gazed at the from wicked slanted slits, and a piggish nose danced as he silently mouthed James's words back at him mockingly."So, you're the poltergeist," James held his hands up, then motioned to his brothers. "I'm James. That's Travis and Brian. Gotta say, I'm a bit of a fan."The poltergeist raised a curious eyebrow, but stayed silent, waiting for him to continue."I want to... form a bit of an alliance with you," James furthered, giving the spirit a lopsided grin. "I have someone I want you to help me prank, and-""Ah, my boy," the poltergeist simpered, letting loose a giggle. "You're speaking my languaaaaaaage! Hehehehe, name's Peeves, by the by," he lunged forward suddenly, but James didn't flinch. Impressed, the Peeves held his hand out for a shake, making James grin."Pleasure to meet ya, Peeves, and while I... appreciate the gesture-" he motioned to the outstretched hand. "I know better than to get that chummy with ya.""Oooooh, wise Potty, knowing better than to get too naughty," Peeves wheezed and giggled again. "Very well, Potty Potter Notter. You have my attention.""I wanna get a Gryffindor student named Hermione. Bushy brown hair, big buck teeth, snobby attitude. Think ya can get at her for us?""Of course I can get at her for you!" Peeves demanded. "I am noooooothing if not a professional!"James grinned and produced his weapons for Peeves to take. "Perfect. We were hoping ya could smear and trash her while she's in bed with these."Peeves went in to a giggling fit. "Much as I'd love to get into the ladies' bedchambers, laddie, but alas, I am unable to get into any dormitory without... invitation."James narrowed his eyes. "So... if we got the Gryffindor password and, say, let you in..."Peeves stroked his chin. "Yeeees, that might work, but you aren't Gryffindors, are you? How do you think you're going to get in to their tower to begin with? The Fat Laaaaaaady is the portrait barring entry. She may decide not to let you in at all, even if you have her password."James shrugged and tossed his weapons of choice at the poltergeist, who caught them handily and secured them... somewhere. "Let us worry about that, we'll get you in. Just remember, her name's Hermione, she has bushy brown hair, and huge front teeth."Peeves grinned wide and giggled. "Sounds like my kind of target! Now, what do you suggest you give me in return, eeeeeeehhhh?""Nothing," James shrugged, arms held out wide, to which Peeves cocked his head in annoyance. "You said yourself you would love to get into the dorms to cause chaos, right? We're helping ya make that dream come true."Peeves grinned big, which disturbingly split his cruel face ear to ear. "I think we're going to get along well well WEEEEELL, m'boy. Hehehehehehe!"…The Transfiguration Quad was a secluded courtyard that had plenty of hiding spots for the more amorous students to hide in. Amongst the bushes, hidden nooks, and shadowed crannies, James Dean, Travis and Brian found couples of every age and house getting their love on in one form or another. It kinda made James sick, watching as a Slytherin seventh year played tonsil hockey with a Gryffindor girl. But alas, with a little plying, the Snake got the Lion out of her snazzy, new, perfectly embroidered, black with red and gold trim robe with a perfectly emblazoned Gryffindor insignia on it.The girl was closest to James's height, and as such, became a victim to their schemes. Travis, being lightest of foot of the three, snuck up while Brian and James flanked from hidden spots to make distractions, in case things went awry. They got lucky, though, as the robe went flying into Travis's path. Snatching it and getting back into the castle posed no problem as they slinked away from the Lover's Courtyard, feeling confused and worried about what puberty had in store for them.…They met Peeves a few halls down from Gryffindor Tower. The poltergeist had dutifully spied on students returning and was able to tell them the password. He then went invisible as James doffed his own robes and slunk into the Gryffindor girl's own. He was kinda jealous of them. It was light and airy and felt a lot softer than his bland, heavy one."Sure you wanna do this?" Travis asked. "I am usually the more charming one.""Yeah," he replied with a cocksure grin. "Gotta practice my silver tongue skills sometime, right? Besides, I think I know what buttons on her to push if she gets suspicious.""If you're ready, Naughty Potty, we can go," Peeves prodded, corporealizing for a moment."Right," James murmured. "Let's go."James left Travis and Brian around the corner, and swooped his hair sloppily in a vain attempt to sort of disguise his appearance. When he approached the painting of the Fat Lady, he recalled everything he knew about the Fat Lady. According to Hogwarts: A History, she was a dutiful guardian and would under no circumstances allow anyone into Gryffindor Tower without the correct password. She was, however, prone to drinking and was a bit vain, so James figured if she harangued him about being a Gryffindor, he'd just have to sweet talk her a bit."Good evening, Lady," he greeted in a faux English accent with a lopsided grin, giving her a wave as he and an invisible Peeves approached. She was fat lady, to be sure, but she wasn't lacking in taste. She was dressed well in her portrait, with a beautiful, bright pink satin dress and her curled hair braided back in a wavy tail."Good evening," she replied, already looking suspicious. "I'm sorry, are you a new first year? Why weren't you-""I say, My Great Lady," James interrupted, holding a hand over his heart in feigned heart break. "You don't remember me?""Well, no, but-""After all the conversations we had last year?" James pushed, faux disappointment on his face. "My sweet, beautiful, Fat Lady!""I-I'm sorry," she gushed, blushing. "I think you might have me mistaken-""Pig snout," James muttered with a pout. "Just lemme in.""Oh-Oh, fine... I'm so sorry.""Yeah," James responded despondently, dropping the act as he ducked in to the opened portal. He stayed halfway out, though, and held an arm to Peeves, giving him his "invitation." Peeves's head manifested for a moment to wink at him, which he returned with a grin before bolting down the hallway away from the lady before she saw him retreat.…The three boys stealthily made their way up to Ravenclaw tower. They tried to keep their snickering to a minimum, but a little giggle would erupt as soon as they thought of Hermione being pelted with ruined cauldron cakes. They had evaded prefect patrols, a grouchy looking old man who was at the staff table at the Feast, and even a few ghosts. They almost made it to Ravenclaw Tower when their luck ran out and they ran into two older guys in Ravenclaw robes.Literally."Oof!" James grunted as he drew back after running into the tall, blonde, broad shouldered and square jawed one.Looking up, he noticed Roger Davies, as well, and the two older Ravenclaws looked down at the younger three in mild surprise.James didn't know what to expect, but what happened wasn't on his list of possibilities."Alright, there, Potter?" Broad Shoulders asked, grabbing him by the shoulder and keeping him from falling."Uh, yeah," he answered warily. The guy had an important looking badge on his robes and when he read what was on it, his stomach dropped.He had ran head long into the Head Boy."Hahaha!" Head boy Broad Shoulders laughed, holding his hand out. "Nice to meet ya, mate. I'm Desmond, Desmond Worthright.""Er, charmed," James shook the offered hand while reeling to find a good excuse for why they were out. "We just got lost and were looking for our-""Don't worry about it," the seventh year grinned and looked to Roger, who's handsome face grinned and shrugged."We ain't supposed to be out, either," Roger explained. "But we were talking about Quidditch strategy and didn't want anybody in the tower to over hear our thoughts.""Oh," James and Travis chirped, looking mildly surprised."I'd love to try you out for the team, mind," Desmond grinned. "If you're anything like your mum and dad, you'd be a good player, but its kinda hard for first years to play without being allowed a broom...""I'm only eleven years old," James muttered, still confused.Desmond snapped his fingers. "Exactly. Be easier to mold ya into the player the team needs... but, hey," he shrugged. "Maybe when Roger here takes over next year, you can try out for my spot.""Sounds... good?" James muttered, not really interested in playing Quidditch competitively, but also not wanting to tarnish the luck they had going for them at the moment. "Maybe, uh, Travis and I both will make the team, then.""Hold you to it," Roger chuckled as he nudged Travis on the shoulder. James gulped, but gave a grin regardless."So, Sir Head Boy," Roger looked to Desmond. "Since we-" he pointed to himself and the three brothers. "-Aren't supposed to be out this late, care to escort us home?""T'would be an honor to walk the Great James Dean Potter home," Desmond joked. "Leave it to me."..."Yes, well, here we are," Desmond said lightly, referring to the door that led to the Ravenclaw Common Room. "I must leave to my private quarters. Have a good night, you four."With a smile the square-jawed seventh year turned and strode back down the corridor, whistling to himself. He had led them through halls and corridors and up countless stairs that even James had struggled to memorize. After bookmarking several landmarks in his mind, he felt he could at least remember how to get back to the Great Hall. Argus Filch, the janitor or "caretaker" as he proudly called himself, nearly jeopardized his memorization when he popped out from around a corner screaming that he had "caught them." Accusing them of dropping dung bombs from the stairwell, Desmond ardently denied it before back talking Filch and making his stand as Head Boy. With a few veiled threats and other various methods of "persuasion," Filch turned on his heel, muttering about mud and stupid children.James could tell that Filch was going to be a problem, too."Yes, well," Roger started, looking at the bronze and blue knocker with a trace of annoyance. The eagle head stared back as if it was alive and rather impassive. "I hate this door…""Why?" James asked hesitantly. Why was he just staring at it?"Because if you want to get in, need to answer a riddle. All the other houses get passwords, but Rowena Ravenclaw just had to prove that Ravenclaws are smarter, the pompous… never mind. We need to gain entrance to the common room," he stated to the knocker as he tapped it twice."You will have to answer the riddle correctly," it answered firmly, but indifferently."Yes, yes, I know. Give me the riddle…""The man who built me wants nothing to do with me, the man who buys me has no need for me, and the man who needs me will never know it; what am I?"Roger stared for a moment, and shook his head. "I have no idea…""A coffin," Brian answered after a few moments of thinking. James and Travis looked at him in admiration while Roger stared in shock."Correct," the eagle stated in its neutral tone. "Enter.""What was that?" James laughed."What? It's kinda obvious, isn't it?""Well, quite frankly, no," Roger added."Oh. Well, can we just go in?""Of course."Walking in, James noticed that the common room was rather large, as if it had been magically enhanced to be larger than it really was. It was wide and open, with two fireplaces at the north and south "ends" of the circle, with two staircases spiraling from the left on the north, and to the right on the south. Large blue tapestries with bronze eagles and trim lined the walls, with many moving pictures and portraits in between. Plenty of tables and end tables accommodated the soft and plush looking furniture. A large, crystalline chandelier was suspended from the ceiling with looping spirals and fluted glass cylinders sparkling in the glow of a pyramid of stair-stepping candles.Before James could walk into the room any further, Samhain the fifth year prefect stepped in front of them with an imperious stance. "And where did you three first years run off to? You think that because you are famous, Potter-""These mates were with me, Sam," Roger spoke up defensively. "I asked them off to the side, to talk. Had a little favor to ask James, and he agreed. There was no… trouble like there was with the Weasley's this morning, I assure you."Samhain sneered. "You had no right to break the rules, Davies.""He didn't break the rules," Travis argued."Oh? And how would you know?""Because I read the rule book, and there was no passage that said first years are required to follow prefects after any feast."Samhain's dark face flushed. "It shouldn't- there's no-""Gotta admit, Sam, he's pretty good.""Well answer me this; what were you 'asking' of him?""I'm not at liberty to say. Confidential, but you can take it up with Desmond, I'm sure he'll vouch for us."Samhain stuck his nose up. "I shall.""Then you won't get anywhere, because Dez told me to keep quiet about it. Chaser's honor.""Fine," the prefect growled, glaring at the four. "Well, Potter, the rest of our illustrious house wants a chance to meet you. I expect you will give them the honor."..."Remove this wretched cloth," the high, raspy voice commanded.Quirrell did so. Staring himself in the mirror, he slowly began unwinding his turban, slowly but surely. With a stoic face, he faced himself as he unveiled his demon to his quarters, its vile caricature imprinted on the back of his now bald head. Ever since their "joining," Quirrell had felt more and more powerful by the day, but the Dark practice was leaving its mark on his body. Veins were showing through his skin as it lost its color and suppleness. The thinning skin, the loss of his body hair, and the beginning of sensory degradation were a by-product, the Dark Lord told him. When he attempted to do research on it, to try to understand it, to stop it, his doppelganger ordered him not to. To stop it would be to prevent getting the power, his Master explained."That… is better, Quirrell.""Thank you, Master.""Whatever are you thanking me for, boy?""This power. This opportunity. This gift."Voldemort smiled. As long as the fool believed that this "power" was his, he would continue to feed and sustain Voldemort's dark spirit. And as long as Quirrell was under his control, his "guidance," than the good Professor would be the nexus for his return to his rightful place; immortality."There is no need for thanks," he whispered. Your just rewards will be upon you when your body falls to dust.

If you're reading this, much love.ENJOI…The three brothers woke the next morning groggily. After their late night excursion, they had been bombarded with greetings from almost every single member of Ravenclaw. The majority were stodgy, studious types, but they had still welcomed James Dean and his friends with ease. Travis immediately became popular for his exotic looks, American accent, and affable nature, and Brian was all but forced to play his acoustic guitar for everyone, and James had shook hands with so many people he started to get confused as to whether he was at a school or was running for office.Finally they were allowed to retire to their dorm, which they shared with Tony Goldstein and a big, friendly black kid named Bem. Tony was even friendlier than he'd been on the boat, and Bem, though quiet, happily chatted with them well into the early morning hours before they passed out, sweets wrappers and clothes already tossed around the room.James Dean was rested enough to be in a relatively good mood. Travis looked grumpier than usual, though, and Brian looked almost dead on his feet. They weren't going to let a lack of sleep ruin the moment when they saw Hermione walk in to the Great Hall at breakfast, though."So, what classes we got?" Travis asked as he poured an ungodly amount of sugar into his tea."Charms, Herbology with the Snakes, potions with Hufflepuff, and Defense Against the Dark Arts.""Put da schedule do'n and hand me da buttuh, Bwine," James spoke over a piece of toast."Don't talk with your mouth full," Brian shot back. "And say please.""What's your problem?""Uh, we didn't go to bed until one in the morning? I don't run well on five hours sleep.""Brian, you don't run well on twelve hours of sleep.""Shaddup, Trav.""Besides, we got to know our roomies better," James pointed out, slurping a cup of orange juice extra loud as Hermione Granger walked in. They were slightly shocked to see her look... fine. Then an older girl followed her, a few seconds after... looking weepy and still having pieces of melted licorice wand in her bushy brown hair. The three gave each other sheepish looks and went back to their breakfast quietly, looking slightly guilty. Gossip and thunders of laughter erupted from Gryffindor's table, though, as girls began loudly complaining about Peeves getting in to their dorms and causing absolute chaos. Apparently there were still clothes hanging from Gryffindor tower's flag pole...Smiling at Hermione's look of disgust as she stalked past their table, he winked at her before slurping his OJ loudly again."Oi, James-" Fred Weasley, armed with a sly grin, greeted as he took a seat next to Brian."Travis, Brian," George playfully added as he sat next to James."So have you heard about last night?""Apparently, some tosser got Peeves-""Into Gryffindor's common last night-""And he ransacked the girl's dorms-""And dumped a bunch of melted sweets from the train trolley on Agatha Portland-""And Evangeline Hammond's complaining about some nutter stealing her shiny new custom robes-""And a lot of folks are saying it wasn't even a Gryffindor who let him in because of that-""Curious, I'd say," George finished as he plucked an apple from James's plate.James shrugged and looked away in faux obliviousness, while Brian giggled a little but stayed quiet. Travis, however grinned, nodded, and said. "We simply have no idea what you're talking about."The twins looked at them with stars in their eyes. "Poor Agatha Portland was crying all morning for what Peeves did to her hair," they chorused, grinning. "She still has pieces of licorice wand in it!""Oh, look- mail is here!"James's owl flew down from the enchanted ceiling with a note from their parents. Patting the owl on the beak he tore the letter open.James Dean, Harry, Brian and Travis:Well, how are my newest Gryffindors? How are you fitting in with your new school mates? Your mother is worried sick already: "What if they forgot their wands?" or "Who's going to make sure they wear clean clothes? What about bullies? You know Jamie isn't that big…" Don't worry son, I know you can handle anything. You're mother isn't meaning to insult your pride, honest! Just send a letter back asap, so she'll be reassured that you're all just fine.Regards, J.I.P"Uh… how do we tell him that we are not in Gryffindor?" Brian asked, a little worried."Simple," James answered. Pulling out a pen (he hated quills, and already decided he would only use them in class) he began writing a response.Dear Esteemed Parents,Ravenclaw house has so far been amazing! The bed sheets are made of satin, which is kinda girly, but I think I can get over that. Details, right? Apparently, our Head of House is really nice. Flitwick, is that his name?Harry and Ron Weasley made it into Gryffindor, though. Harry was so worried about becoming a Snake that he begged the old hat to make him anything but a Slytherin. And the look on Ron's face when he was sorted, it was priceless. Anyway, tell Mom that we are all just fine. We have everything, I swear; O. P.'s honor. We will all write by the end of the week, I promise. We need to head to class, so I guess this is all I get to write. Bye!"Here, Owl. Take this to Dad. James Ignotus Potter."The spectacled owl hooted his affirmative, grabbed a piece of bacon from Travis's plate, and flew from the Great Hall."You still haven't named the poor thing?" Travis asked incredulously. "No wonder its grouchy! You just call it 'Owl!'"James held his hands up defensively. "I dunno what to name the damn thing! I never had this responsibility before! I want it to be good, at least...""You should really name it," George prodded. "Its not nice to just call it Owl.""Oh, okay, wise guys," James grumbled. "'Owl' see what I can work up!"Eyes of almost every Ravenclaw at the table rolled, but James laughed at his own pun anyway."No," Travis muttered with a shaking head. "Just, nah, man.""Guys, it's time to get to class," Brian interjected. Rolling their eyes, James and Travis stood, knocking knuckles with the Weasley's as they did.Grabbing their bags, they made their way out of the Hall. Small talk passed their time as they wound through the corridors and stairs. Things like Quidditch, classes, and pranks filled the air with jovial banter and slapstick jokes about other students. However, when a group of rowdy Slytherins blocked the path, things got cold rather quickly."What's the matter, Kennedy?" Draco Malfoy's drawling voice taunted a lone Ravenclaw girl, who was cornered between the gang of Slytherins and a wall. Her canvas school bag was ripped open, and all her school supplies had been thrown around, scattered and trampled on. "Did you get sorted into the wrong house?""Please, just leave me alone!" A familiar voice met James' ears. It was the girl from the day previous, who was in the boat with them. "I haven't done anything to you!""Don't be so crass," a fifth year girl cackled. "A pureblood like you belongs in Slytherin, but here you are in a house of geeks and bookworms!""Hey, leave her alone!" Travis barked, walking towards the gang with an unusual show of aggression. James, following his lead, strode right beside him. Brian lazily brought up the rear, alert, but uninterested."Well, if it isn't the shortest Potter and his mutt 'brother,'" Malfoy jeered to the delight of his house mates. "What's the matter? Don't you have a library to study in, Bird Brain?""No, but I'm sure I can find a few books small enough to hide your pathetic ego in," James insulted back.Malfoy's face flushed with anger and shame. Balling his hands into fists, he shook as he struggled to formulate a comeback. His fellows all laughed at him, and he nearly exploded. "Watch your tongue, Potter!""Whattsa matter, Malfoy?" Travis asked. "You mean to tell me that a Snake as cunning as you doesn't have a comeback for him?""I guess his ferret faced skull is too small to house the proper amount of brain cells to make him intelligent enough to think past petty, racist insults," Brian quipped, making the other Slytherins laugh even more.Draco was incensed by that point. His goons, Crabbe and Goyle, were cracking their knuckles threateningly, the only other Slytherins that weren't laughing. Travis and Brian stared them down, silently daring them to bring it on, when Ron and Harry walked up from the stairs, and immediately came to stand shoulder to shoulder with them as they stared the Slytherins down."Bullying a girl, Malfoy? Harry asked dubiously as he looked at Kiara. "That's bad taste. Almost as distasteful as your haircut.""Your beautician primp that for ya?" James laughed."You can kiss my beautician," Travis added, thrusting his hips."You wanna go?" Draco seethed, surging forward, throwing his bag to the ground."Aw, look, he does wanna kiss it!" Harry joked to Travis."Look, man, that was a joke," Travis held his hands up in faux concern. "No judgment about the way you swing, but you should really not be so angry about it."Draco's face went red, and his hands shook in rage."Aw, he's coy," Brian giggled. "Get wrecked, pal.""Get wrecked," Travis and James chorused."C'mon, mates, let's get these-""Lay off it, Malfoy," one of the older Slytherins muttered."Gee, Drake," James tutted. "Your friends aren't giving you a lot of help here. Maybe they only respect intelligent people.""I'd call your guard dogs off," Harry threatened, looking to Crabbe and Goyle, who were still the only ones backing Malfoy up. "Wouldn't want them to start something they'd regret.""Why don't you-""I said back off, Malfoy," The older Slytherins interrupted. "I'm a prefect, and I can't allow any fights to go on. Come on, let's get to class. This was getting boring anyway."Like that, the gang dispersed, with the prefect half dragging Malfoy away. The girl, Kiara, was crying and picking up all of her fallen books and strewn parchment and quills. Her ripped bag was cradled in her arms as she scooped up as much as she could into its torn body."Here, lemme help," James soothed as he and Travis knelt and began to pick up her books.She ignored him as a soft sob racked her shoulders. Shakily and erratically picking up her supplies, she looked like she was lost in her own despair."Hey... its okay. They're gone," Travis comforted her patting her back as he handed her a stack of loose leaf parchment."Don't worry about them," Brian growled. "They're just a bunch of dicks."She was almost inconsolable, though, and Travis, for once, looked out of his element. James cringed, as if Travis was at a loss, what could he do?"Uh, hey," Harry patted her on the back awkwardly. "What's the matter? Its over, we scared 'em off.""Nothing," the girl hiccuped finally, her bright blue eyes looking at them in shame. "I-I-I just don't want to be late-""Then lets get to class!" James grinned, happy to have progress. "If you can stand, that is!"Embarrassed, she laughed a bit and blushed as Harry and Travis helped her up."Kiara, right?" Ron asked, handing her the last of her books."Y-yeah," she muttered. She looked forlornly at her torn bag."We'll get it fixed," Travis assured her with a grin. "Our dad fixes crap like this all the time at home with a spell. Don't really know how to work it but I'm sure Flitwick does, and he's our first class today.""Don't mind them," Harry assured her, looking at the retreating backs of Slytherins and scowling. "I really don't like that ferret.""Fun putting him in his place, though," James muttered, to which Harry agreed. James smacked him on the shoulder with a grin before looking at his watch. "We're gonna be late. You two better make like a tree and get the hell outta here.""Yer brother," Kiara almost whispered as Rona nd Harry took of for their class. "He's really nice. His friend, too.""They really aren't that bad," James agreed.She giggled a little, and Travis, James and Brian all blushed a bit. Her Irish accent and mousy voice was adorable. She laughed slightly again, until sobs started falling from her and she fell into James's chest. Nervously wrapping her in a hug, James looked up at Brian and Travis, who both shrugged.Putting a hand on her back, Travis whispered, "I know Jimmy Dean makes a comfy pillow, but we do have to get to Charms."She giggled again and nodded. Shyly pulling herself away, she kept her gaze down, obviously embarrassed. They helped her by carrying some of her things, and hauled it to the Charms corridor...."… Charms is a very broad and deep scope of magic. Its spells can range from miraculous and heart-lightening to rather nasty- oh, you must be my four missing students! Which one of you is…? Gates?""Me, sir," Brian spoke up, holding up his hand. He quickly took a seat next to Travis at the front of the class, leaving James and Emma the last desk at the back.Flitwick checked his name off, and then looked to James. His eyes twinkled in excitement, and he clapped his hands gleefully. He had to have been no younger than eighty, judging by how old he looked. Long, wild hair framed his head like a wispy white cloud and his pale blue eyes shone with a youthful exuberance. He couldn't have been taller than two and a half feet."Then you must be James Dean!" he exclaimed in a squeaky voice."Yes, sir. That's me," James gave a two finger salute as he pulled a chair for Kiara."Ah, very honored to meet you," Flitwick huffed as he pulled himself from his chair and waddled to them, holding his tiny hand out. James shook it awkwardly."Yes sir, I'm sorry we're late-""Oh, hogwash, m'boy, hogwash! I must say, it is an honor to have you in Ravenclaw! I can tell you three were helping Miss… uh…" Flitwick looked down at his list. "Kennedy! It would appear that she has ripped her school bag! Understandable, you three, most understandable. It's good to see our fellow Ravenclaws looking out for each other. Five points to Ravenclaw, the three of you.""Professor?" James asked. "Do you think you could fix it for her? I know the spell for it, but...""Yes, of course!" Flitwick all but jumped with joy. "Not the first Charm I wanted to teach the class, but its a valuable one none the less! You say you know the spell? Can you tell me its incantation?""Yeah, its Reparo," James answered."Excellent! Another five points to Ravenclaw! Everyone, watch my hand closely and repeat after me. Reparo.""Reparo," the rest of the Ravenclaws all repeated nervously as Flitwick mimed the wrist and hand motion for the spell."Excellent!" Flitwick clapped, the with a flick of his wand, uttered, "Reparo!"Kiara's bag stitched itself back together, and her face looked relieved. She mouthed 'Thank you,' to James and he nodded."Thank you, sir," thanked James thanked him."Not a problem, Potter. Good deeds should never be punished, nor should they ever go unrewarded. Take a seat, will you please? Now, pull out your parchment and prepare to take notes on the simplest wands motions."...Lily read the letter with a growing grin."Yes!" She screamed triumphantly, spinning the wheelchair into a wheelie and spiraling around behind her desk at St. Mungo's. "You owe me ten galleons! I told you James Dean was going to be a Ravenclaw!"James looked at his wife in distaste. "Oh, you're so mature, Cottontail.""Look who's talking, Prongs. Sore loser!"…Herbology was a pain, James decided. It had been ten minutes, and he was already elbow deep in a vat of some kind of manure next to Millicent Bulstrode, a troll of a Slytherin girl with a flat face and wide, round cheeks. She was easily a head taller than him and weighed twice as much, and seemed to be about as happy with being paired with him as he was with her. They had a silent agreement, though, that they'd be diplomatic with each other, as Professor Sprout, the frumpy and doddering Herbology teacher, made every single Ravenclaw partner with a Slytherin she could, numbers given, to avoid "any inter house conflicts in my greenhouse."James Dean had to give her credit where credit was due, though. She was rather resourceful. She had managed to find a way to get the manure packed away industriously and efficiently, and James had watched and mimicked her. They had finished processing their manure pots faster than everyone in class, and Sprout seemed pleased."Excellent teamwork, you two!" She clapped her hands. "Five points to your houses!"Giving each begrudging looks, she huffed brutishly and James rolled his eyes.…"You are here to learn the subtle- and possibly deadly- art and science of potion-making," The tall, greasy haired, hook-nosed man dressed in black proclaimed loudly. He was very intimidating, with his curtain of black hair and cold dark eyes, as well as being bedecked in flowing black robes that made him look a bit like Darth Vader."Potter!" he thundered, as James had been dozing in his post lunch haze."Huh?""Potter!""Uh, oh, yeah-" James shook fully awake, causing laughter to erupt from the other Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs. "I mean, sir?""What do you get when you add powdered root of asphodel with an infusion of wormwood?" asked, clearly hoping to teach him some kind of lesson. James cocked his head, still drowsy but thankful he wasn't taking points for sleeping. Yet."Uh-""That's what I thought. Clearly yours and your brother's 'fame' is not at all what it's cracked up to be."The class stirred quietly, shocked at Snape's insult. James, however, was largely unaffected. "Uh-""Is 'uh' the only word in your vocabulary, Mr. Potter?""Uh-I mean-ahem," he shook himself and sat upright. "Not really. Also, asphodel and wormwood mixed together are ingredients to the potion called the Draught of Living Death, which is supposed to put the drinker in such a deep sleep people think they're dead. Some dude named Alladron the Convict used it to get outta jail by faking his death."Snape's sneering face quirked an eyebrow slightly. "Well, it would appear that you may have some intelligence to you. What is the difference between wolfsbane and monkshood?""None. They are the same exact plant. Their scientific name is aconitum."Snape had the faint aura of beginning to look half impressed, half angry. "Aconite, actually-""Aconite is just another name for it, not the recognized species name. You wanna call out that, fine, but we can also call it leopard's bane, woman's bane, mousebane, devil's helmet, the Queen of Poisons, or even my favorite, Blue Rocket."Snape's eyes narrowed, but relented the point. "Where does one find a bezoar?""A bezoar is a digestive stone from a goat's stomach. It can cure most poisons."Snape finally dropped his wall of anger and looked at James with interest. "Well, it would appear that you, unlike your twin, can actually take time to read a book. A few times, it would appear, as well...""Actually, I only glossed over it once, sir."The look of shock wrote itself all over Snape's pale face. "And how did you come across this knowledge, then? Fancy yourself a green thumbed troublemaker?""First of all, woooooow, rude, no matter how true it might be. Second, no, I have near perfect memory. Genetic lottery, I guess."James didn't know what buttons in Snape's angry board he had pressed, but the Potion's professor got really, really mad after that.…Defense Against the Dark Arts was the last class of their day, and the Ravenclaw's excitement for what had promised to be the most interesting subject was dampened by Quirrell's lesson. It was a joke, really, as the man stuttered his way through the boring lecture, and the heavy smell of garlic wafted in the air. It made James's eyes water, and while he kept quiet and assumed Quirrell had a thing about vampires or something, he couldn't help rubbing his eyes every few minutes, which only seemed to make the stinging worse. Quirrell kept a close eye on him, too. It was creepy, because he went out of his way to be nice to him, almost... doting? He would single him out to answer his questions from the lecture and heap house points on him when he inevitably got it right, then he'd try to get close, but when Quirrell got a certain distance away, he'd jerk his head, like he had back in the Leaky Cauldron, and retreat away reflexively. James scowled as he, Travis, and Brian left the class, having hardly gleaned anything from the slow paced, stammering lesson. Travis and Brian asked him about what Quirrell's odd behavior was all about, but James had no idea, and soon, it was all forgotten as they escorted Kiara to the Ravenclaw dorm.…"Hey, flying lessons start tomorrow," Brian announced as they sat in their newly claimed corner."Huh?" James muttered tiredly from his newly minted favorite spot; a couch and table facing the wall of the common room. Far from the rest of the house, and out of the prying eyes of prefects, it was the perfect place to get a bit of peace to finish homework and plan independent "midnight trips.""Flying lessons tomorrow. It's at three thirty, with the Hufflepuffs.""Sweet," Travis sighed, looking relieved. James felt relief, too. He was glad to do something he actually had known how to do, rather than just repeat things he'd read from a dry textbook."I still can't believe Snape's first class," Travis laughed as he plopped down on the couch next to a quiet Kiara, who had began sticking with them every chance she had. "That jerk got what he had coming to him."Brian and Travis laughed heartily at the reminiscing. Kiara even giggled a little. "The look on his face was classic," Brian said over his laughing. Pulling an exaggerated impersonation of Snape's face, Brian raised his voice to match Snape's and screamed at Kiara while waving his finger under her nose, "Potter! Expand your vocabulary!""I think 'uh' is the only word he really needed," Travis laughed as he started copying James's answers to their Potions work. "Say 'Uh," again! I dare ya!"…That evening, the three pranksters met up with the Weasley twins. Fred and George wanted to check out the barred doorway on the third floor, and with big grins, James, Travis and Brian agreed to meet up and check it out.The five pranksters had, by eleven o'clock, had successfully evaded Filch and the prefect patrols to get to their target. They were met by a locked door, and when James started to trying picking the lock, George moved him aside and taught them the unlocking spell, Alohamora. The three Ravenclaw's glee at learning a new spell to get into places was short lived, however, when they opened the door to find Cerberus himself ready to bite their heads off.Three large, snarling heads rose from a huge, stocky body. Three tails cracked like whips against the walls and floors, and it smelled like the dog hadn't gotten a bath in long time. James stared, wide eyed for a moment as he stared the thing down, before careening backwards in a panic."Jesus!" he screamed as the dog began barking and howling, its drool flying. Fred and George slammed the door shut and re-locked it as once they were out, and they all shared terrified looks.They all agreed, from then on, to stay away from that door and went their separate ways.…

If you're reading this, much love. This chapter was written 9-11-20. This opening is going to be my memorial to the fallen on that day, so feel free to skip if you can't/won't read it.As a first responder, the events that took place 19 years ago still haunt me, my coworkers, and the other agencies, whether Fire, EMS, or Police, to this day. I remember to a T everything when we first heard. I was in the third desk down in the second to last row when the school principal walked into social studies and told all of us 6th graders, "An airplane just crashed into the World Trade Center. They think its an attack." We were kids. We didn't understand the full breadth of what was happening, but when they brought in the TV and had us spend the rest of the day watching the news, nobody didn't not understand, then. It was apparent. It was there. It was like being smacked in the face and being doused in ice water all at once."Jack, pick up sweetie, can you hear me? Okay. I just want to tell you, there's a little problem with the plane. I'm fine. I'm totally fine. I just want to tell you how much I love you." -Lauren Catuzzi Grandcolas, 3 month pregnant passenger United Airlines Flight 93THE WTC, LOWER MANHATTEN-2,753 killed when United Airlines Flights 11 and 175 hit both towers. This includes 343 firefighters(if you ever see 343 on an American fire fighter's shirt or truck this in honor of these FDNY fallen,) 23 NYPD officers, 37 Port Authority police officers, and 8 EMT/Paramedics.PENNSYLVANIA-40 passengers and crew from Flight 93 killed in an open field crash when hijackers had to fight off a brave revolt from passengers, keeping them from reaching their intended target.PENTAGON, WAHINGTON, D.C.-184 killed when United Airlines flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon. Many US Intelligence and military personnel had evacuated, and despite many being injured, went back into the burning and wrecked structure to try to save their colleagues and friends.Hi, Baby. I'm ... Baby, you have to listen to me carefully. I'm on a plane that's been hiijacked. I'm on the plane. I'm calling from the plane. I want to tell you I love you. Please tell my children that I love them very much and I'm so sorry, babe. Umm. I don't know what to say. There's three guys. They've hijacked the plane. I'm trying to be calm. We're turned around and I've heard that there's planes that been, been flown into the World Trade Center. I hope to be able to see your face again, baby. I love you. Good-bye.CeeCee Lyles, Flight Attendant fromUnited Airlines Flight 93As of October 2019, only 60% of the remains that have been recovered from the World Trade Center rubble have been positively identified. All these years later, many of the victims still have not made it to their final rest.-Facts/Statistics come from CNN"Hey Jules, this is Brian. I'm on an airplane that's been hijacked...if things don't go well, and they don't look good, I want you to know that I absolutely love you. I want you to do good, have good times, same with my parents. I'll see you when you get here. I want you to know that I totally love you. Bye, Babe, hope I will call you."Brian Sweeney, former U.S. Navy Aviator and passenger,United Flight 175, to his wife, JulieWords... can't describe. How can they? Almost 3,000 innocent men and women woke up that morning expecting just another normal day at the office. Just another plane ride. Just another day at the engine company. Just another routine patrol. Just another day on the ambulance. The sheer bravery that came from this one day, that never should have happened, still brings a tear to this jaded, grouchy old EMT.All I really can say, is thank you. Thank you to the 343, thank you to the brave passengers of Flight 93, thank you to the NYPD and Port Authority officers, thank you to the EMTs and paramedics, thank you to all of the men and women in the Pentagon, who rushed back inside with burned skin, torn flesh and broken limb, when you could have just stayed outside. No matter the political party, no matter the color of one's skin, no matter their creed, your actions were inspiring. Regardless of what's happened since your sacrifices, you continue to inspire bravery, continue to inspire many to do better, and be better.I'm not very religious, and I was never a very good Christian, but for you, I pray that you all find peace and rest in the arms of whatever creator you worship. It isn't much, but this chapter isn't just for you, it is you. To those who lost it all on September, 11th, 2001, and those still affected...I promise, I will NEVER FORGET.ENJOI…The second day of classes, they were late to Transfiguration, having difficulty navigating the maze of stair cases and corridors. James, Brian, and Kiara huffed as they barged into class, which was a tense sort of quiet. Travis, being the athletic one, merely wiped the single bead of sweat from his brow and laughed, "The teacher ain't even here yet!" as he moved to sit when he, too, noticed what James's eyes were focused on.A tabby cat sat imperiously on McGonagall's desk. The creature sat staring at them with bright green eyes, which had James frozen on the spot. Brian poked him on the shoulder, and when that didn't jolt him, Travis had to physically drag a now terrified James to an open seat next to Bem."You alright, mate?" the concerned Bem whispered to James, who was now sweating for different reasons as he stared in horror at the cat, who glared back at him."Nope," he whispered."You're fine with Constance back at home," Travis nudged him before taking his seat."Constance saved my life," James whimpered as the cat began to shift, making him nervous. "She's an exception, not the rule."The class had started to giggle at him, but he didn't care. After being ganged up on by feral alley cats back in New York that one time, he had feared cats. Hated them. And now, here one was, threatening him with its poisonous green eyes. It made to leap, and James squeaked, earning himself a load of giggles and teases. When it finally pounced, James full on screamed and bolted over the desk behind him, shocking Padma Patil and Morag MacDougal into shrieking with him. He was out the door and sprinting down the hallway before McGonagall's voice could stop him, not that he cared about when she'd shown up.…James was still shaking when a young, kind, and bubbly Professor named Charity Burbage led him back to the Transfiguration class. She had found him running through the halls outside her classroom, and when she'd finally gotten him to calm down enough to talk, he'd told her what happened. She laughed lightly, squeezing his shoulder gently and explaining that McGonagall had something called an Animagus form of a cat she used to showcase to her classes about the wonders of Transfiguration.James skulked in to the class behind Burbage as his classmates snickered and McGonagall looked stoically on."Found one of your students, Professor McGonagall," Burbage smiled as she gently nudged an embarrassed and bitter James into his seat."Thank you, Charity. I'm sorry for the fuss.""No problem at all," the pretty Burbage waved her off. "He should be fine, now, I explained everything to him.""Very good," McGonagall nodded, and blissfully, went back to her lesson without reprimanding him. James still shook a bit in his seat, as he struggled to pay attention to the class. Transfiguration was interesting, he had to admit, but his fear of cats threatened to force his stomach to leap every time he looked at the strict and stoic Professor.Class soon came to a merciful end, but before James Dean could escape to his next class with the decidedly not-a-cat Head of House Flitwick, McGonagall called out to him."Mr. Potter, a word?" she said... too softly."Please, Professor, we have Charms, I don't want to be late to another class-""I'll write you an excuse," She cut him off, waving him to her desk.James groaned, and looked to Travis for backup. He only shrugged in response and mouthed, 'We'll wait,' before heading out of the class with Brian and Kiara. James turned to the front, and with a deep breath prepared to face the music."So," McGonagall started slowly, looking at him... sympathetically? It wasn't a look he liked on her."So," James said in return, squirming and grabbing his right arm in a small measure of defense, looking anywhere but at her."Ailurophobia," She stated simply as she sat at her desk and clasped her hands together, lips pursed."Gesundheit?" James muttered, confused."Ailurophobia," McGonagall said again as she then leaned back in her seat. "Also known as elurophobia, gatophobia, or felinophobia. The irrational fear of... cats."James jerked at the "C" word, but then scoffed and crossed his arms. "I ain't scared, they're just creepy.""Creepy enough to make you scream like an eight year old girl locked in the Shrieking Shack, you mean?""That's- I did not scream," James defended, pointing a finger as his face furrowed. "I... valiantly thundered a war cry as I- as I committed to a tactical retreat."McGonagall raised an eyebrow at him."That is exactly what happened," he asserted."Indeed. So threatened were you, Mr. Potter, by one, lone, tabby that you found it prudent to just run away? That was completely a rational decision you made in that smart aleck head of yours?"James griped at her, but said nothing. Her eyes were the same color as her cat form's. It unsettled him so he again looked away."I am sorry," McGonagall said softly, leaning forward on the desk again. "Had I known you were... so afflicted, I would have been more careful with the demonstration."James's eye widened. He was expecting her to discipline him, not show sympathy. "Uh, yeah, I- uh.."She stood and came around the desk and sat back on it, probably to seem less formal and imposing. She put a hand on his shoulder, which made him tense, as he only could imagine a cat's paw where her fingers were. She shook him, and he looked back up at her."Are you going to be able to actually stay in my class?""Er-maybe?"McGonagall sighed and shook her head. "You are going to be a talented wizard someday, I am sure. But before you get there, you have to overcome your fear. I will not impose on you or try to make you uncomfortable, but if you need any help..."She looked back at her desk and pulled a licorice wand from a bag in a drawer and handed it to him. "Just remember this: Fear can have two meanings; 'Forget everything, and run away,' or 'Face everything, and rise.' If you need any help doing the latter, all you need to do is ask. Understood?""Er, yeah- I mean, yes ma'am," James stammered, and cursed himself in his head as he popped the wand into the corner of his mouth as he mulled over her words."But no more screaming and running away, hmm?""Shure," he mumbled around the licorice. She grinned at him, which still made him queasy, but he had to give her credit for trying."Good," she nodded. "Now, let me get you an excuse slip."...The fright from his first class was forgotten by the lunch hour. They had gotten odd looks for it, but Travis wanted to spend lunch with Ron and Harry, so James and Brian dragged a sheepish Kiara along as the made to sit at the Gryffindor table."Heard you screamed like a... kitten in Transfiguration class today," Harry teased as they sat across from him and Ron..James scowled at his twin."You've... gato be kitten right meow," Dean Thomas, another first year Gryffindor snickered as he flung a bread roll at him.If looks could kill, Dean Thomas would be ashes on the spot."At least you're scared of something somewhat dangerous," Neville offered as he looked downcast. "I'm practically scared of everything."James narrowed eyes told Neville all he need to know about how helpful he was being."C'mon, James," Brian teased. "I thought you were supposed to the cool cat."James's eye twitched at Brian's sudden but inevitable betrayal."Aw, what's the matter, mate?" Ron chuckled over a mouthful of beef stew. "Cat got your tongue?""Ronald Weasley," James seethed, arms crossed. "I may not fully comprehend the scientific language and terminology, but I have read enough about human anatomy to make your death as slow and painful as humanly possible.""You probably shouldn't read so much," Fred joked as he and George found seats near them."Yeah," George agreed. "You know what they say, curiosity killed the cat!""I hate all of you.""Hate to let the cat out of the bag," Parvati Patil giggled . "But you might want to eat, you have flying lessons after lunch!""To think I thought you were kinda cute.""It is kinda cute when you think about it," Lavender Brown added, looking at him with faux introspection. "You claim to be such a trickster, and yet McGonagall is so strict... just think, its hard for the mice to play when the cat never goes away.""That wasn't even remotely funny, and how dare you compare me to a rodent.""They have a point," Travis smiled big. "Its about time someone made you look like a cat ate your canary."James threw his arms up in a huff, standing. "This is ridiculous! Screw all of you!"James grabbed a slice of ham and a dinner roll and stormed away, refusing to admit that there ribbing was something he'd do, too, much less admit that it'd been...Halfway decent comedy.He was over it by the time flying lessons were ready to start, and he was the first of the first years to class. The rest filtered into the Transfiguration Quad, and Kiara, Travis and Brian lined up next to him when Madame Hooch had everyone line up."Take your places to the left of your brooms, please," the hawkish looking woman ordered. Her silvery, spiky hair ruffled lightly in the wind, and her narrow, sharp eyes were almost yellow in the sun.Once everyone was lined up, she clapped to get everyone's attention. "Lined up? Good. Now, hold your right hands over the brooms and say, 'Up!'""Up!" was chorused across the courtyard. James's broom followed commands, and flew into his hand with ease, followed shortly by Travis and Kiara's."Haha!" Travis laughed triumphantly."Oh!" Kiara squeaked, shocked that it had worked."Come on, you stupid hunk of wood," Brian complained, having a hard time getting his broom to cooperate. "Up!""We will not be starting this lesson until everyone has a broom in their hands!" Hooch demanded, making many people groan, as over half the gathered Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws still couldn't get their brooms off the ground. A boy James recognized as Zacharias Smith was already looking bored, arms and broom crossed his chest as he tapped his foot. Padma Patil and Hannah Abbott were on the verge of tears as their brooms rolled on the ground. Ernie Macmillan cheered when he finally got his to fly into his hand, but when he threw his arms up in triumph, he hit Terry Boot in the face with the end. Hannah Abbott got smacked in the face because she was standing on the tail twigs when she called her broom up.James propped his broom on its front end and leaned on it, watching in smug satisfaction as Brian tried again and again. "I thought you supposed to be the master of all things wood with long necks, Cool Cat."Brian glared at him, but as soon as Hooch's back was turned, he yelled, "Up!" and swooped down to grabbed his broom off the ground, a practice that everyone else started to emulate."Every one has a broom? Excellent. Now mount your brooms with your right leg- I said your right, Mrs. Patil- and rest your left leg on the kickstops."James and Travis, as well as Zacharias Smith, apparently, had been through these motions already and followed the instructions easily. Michael Corner almost fell off when his broom tried to zoom off because he slipped, and Morag MacDougal, being so tall, had a hard time finding her center of gravity and almost lost her balance."Now that we're all properly mounted-" Hooch glared at Travis, who was already hovering a few feet off the ground and was leaning forward on his broom, looking bored. "Gently kick off the ground with your left foot and try to hover, no more than a few feet! Follow Mr. Barker's example, if need be. Five points to Ravenclaw, by the way."Travis nodded his thanks to Hooch and grinned at James, who rolled his eyes."Show off," He muttered to his friend as he gently kicked off the ground and flew a lazy circle around his brother."Somebody's gotta dethrone the King sometime, my friend," Travis shot back, holding his hand out and giving James a high five as he passed in front of him."Don't hold the shaft too firmly, Wood Master" James admonished Brian as he too kicked off the ground and almost nose dived into the grass."Real funny, Scaredy Cat," Brian chuffed as he struggled to maintain his balance."I think its hilarious," Travis laughed."Thanks for the help, dicks!""Language, Mr. Gates!" Hooch hollered at him."What are friends for?" James and Travis replied, laughing again."Yeah, and since when did you start talking us? " James mocked. "You never cuss!""I think it's because he wants to fit in with us more, Jimmy Dean.""Au contraire, dear Travis, if he continues to make us laugh like this, he will always have a place with us. And don't call me Jim. Makes me sound old.""Aww, shaddup, you're ugly enough to be considered old!""Hey," Kiara laughed a bit louder than her usual, the rare, big smile on her round face breaking their banter. She was hovering on the broom without difficulty and even held her arms out wide. "This is actually kinda easy!""Who knew you had it in ya, huh?" Travis congratulated her. "You're picking it up quicker than we did."Hooch had walked in front them and inspected their grips and stances. She only had to tweak Kiara's forward hand's grip a bit, and commended them for knowing what they were doing when a shriek erupted. Morag MacDougal's broom had started acting up, and was starting to move forward as she freaked and lunged forward to hug it to stay on."Don't lean forward!" Hooch ordered as she started to run forward to catch her, but it was too late. Morag's broom bolted, with the Ravenclaw holding on for dear life. Her screams echoed and grew distant across the courtyard as she sped away towards the sky and away from the castle. "Give me your broom!" Hooch ordered to Travis, who had already went into motion."No time!" he called back as he took off."Get back here!" Hooch hollered desperately."Not again," James Dean whined, growing concerned for his brother's hero complex. Giving Hooch a two fingered salute and waving at Zacharias, he, too, took to the sky in pursuit of his wayward fellow Ravenclaw. The stocky, blonde haired Hufflepuff kicked off, and they left Hooch huffing in rage.The schools brooms were not... ideal. James's shook as he started to reach maximum speed, which wasn't very fast, considering. Morag's seemed to have the same problem, as well, and it seemed to be chattering her as it began to lean to the right.Travis had caught up to her, though, and looking back, he pointed at James and Zacharias, then pointed to below Morag. James nodded and leveled his altitude and led Zacharias beneath them. Travis reached out to her quivering and bucking broom, and told her something James couldn't hear over the wind. The screaming girl was starting to lose her grip, and when she refused to take Travis's hand, he instead opted to grab Morag's broom, which revolted under his hand...And tossed Morag into open sky.Already there and waiting, James and Zacharias nodded to each other and maneuvered beneath her and gently lifted up to meet her, each softly catching the taller girl by an arm. Morag grabbed onto their shoulders for dear life. In tandem, they slowly rolled their brooms back to the Courtyard, which from what James could see, now was filled with a lot more people. Travis, rogue broom in one hand, pulled up behind them, ready to swoop in and grab Morag if she fell again.Cheers were coming from the people in the courtyard, but James gulped when he realized both Flitwick and Dumbledore were part of the crowd. They came in slowly and gently, laying the terrified Morag MacDougal at the feet of the resident Healer, Madam Pomfrey. Swooping around to a clear patch of grass, James, Travis and Zacharias landed and were swarmed by students cheering and clapping them on the back. The crowd was split in two by Dumbledore, who led an angry Hooch, a concerned Professor Sprout, and a wheezing Flitwick, who struggled to keep up with his colleague's long strides.Dumbledore came to a stop in front of James, who pointed at Travis as if to say, 'His fault.' To his credit, Travis looked away and up, leaning back and resting his hands behind his head in feigned nonchalance. Zacharias looked a bit smug, but was obviously trying to hide it by crossing his arms across his chest and wrenching his face. Dumbledore looked neutrally between the three before slowly starting to smile.He gave a laugh, and patted Travis on the top of his head. "It takes a special kind of person to run towards danger when everyone else runs away from it, especially when unshackled from the burden of responsibility. Foolhardy, the critics would call them, but to the ones they save, they are easily seen as heroes. Fifty points to Mr. Barker for Ravenclaw house.""Headmaster!" Hooch gasped angrily. "They disobeyed my commands!"Dumbledore ignored her and looked to James and Zacharias. "And it takes great humility to work with someone that is usually seen as a rival to accomplish great feats such as what you two performed this afternoon. To save a life by coordinating with a mere hand gesture and a nod... truly marvelous. For saving the life of your classmate without trying to hog the glory to yourselves, I award fifty points to Mr. Potter for Ravenclaw, and fifty points to Mr. Smith for Hufflepuff."Are you serious, Professor!?" Hooch demanded, shocked as she shifted her angry gaze Dumbledore, three boys, and their Heads of House."I am not quite ready to punish heroic behavior, Rolanda. They saved your student's life, today, remember. Now, I believe that should be all the flying lessons for today, yes? I think, perhaps, I'll go get a spot of tea..."...A weeping Morag MacDougal was taken to the infirmary to calm down, and due to the "shocking events" they had "all had to endure," Dumbledore decided to cancel the rest of the first year Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw classes that day. Madam Hooch dismissed them with a stern glare and told them when their next class would be, and shot off toward the Quidditch pitch on her broom. The rest of the class disappeared into the Great Hall as the three stayed out in the courtyard, tossing Travis's football around to fill in the free time their afternoon afforded them."You know, guys, we need to find a new name for football," James said randomly as he tossed the pigskin up to Brian, sending it high in the air and well over thirty yards, right into his running hands."Oh, God, not this again!" Travis huffed as he snatched the ball from Brian as he jogged back."Hey!""Because we're in Britain. Or, er, Scotland, but hey, they're practically the same anyway-""Don't let anybody else hear you say that," Brian quipped as he tried to steal back the egg-shaped ball."And in Britain, 'football' is soccer. If we call this thing a football, the magical people who have actually heard of football are going to look at us like we're insane. So I say we start calling it… hand-egg.""Hand-egg?" Brian laughed incredulously, finally stealing the ball back. "You tried calling it that a long time ago, and we shot it down then.""I prefer football," Travis muttered as he fell on his face trying to tackle Brian."Or maybe grid-iron," Brian laughed at Travis, who was getting back on his feet. "That isn't nearly as confusing, we could call it that-""The tribe has spoken. Hand-egg it is!""Hey, that's not fair!""Quit whining, Brian. You've been doing it all day.""Better to whine than make a decree without having any real power, King Nothing.""King Nothing? I take offense, Court Jester Bwine...""Good.""Oi," Roger Davies called out as he walked up to them with Desmond Worthwright. The three turned to regard them with curiosity. "Can I have a word, Potter?""Uh, sure," James affirmed cautiously.Roger looked around suspiciously. "In private?"Desmond nodded in agreement, looking over his shoulder. "How about Hagrid's?""Hagrid?" James asked stupidly, looking at them shocked.Travis cursed. "We haven't seen him yet!""I take it that is a yes?" Desmond asked hopefully...."Well, can' say that I'm disappointed to see yeh three," Hagrid rumbled with a smile when they finally made it to Hagrid's hut, which was only a small jaunt from the castle. "And you brought some friends?""Yeah," James answered as he walked in, taking a seat at his table. "This is Desmond, he's this year's Head boy. And this is Roger.""All righ'?" Hagrid greeted with a friendly smile and nod."How goes it?" Desmond greeted back with a nod. "Well, I've never been in here before. It's…""It ain't the best, but its home," Hagrid grinned humbly.Desmond nodded slowly. "You mind if we talk here? Me and Roger have something to ask Potter and Gates, but we don't want certain… people hearing it.""Not at all, make yerselves at home. So, what is it that is so secret that you need to talk to 'em in meh hut?""Quidditch.""Quidditch?" James asked, incredulous."Quidditch?" Travis asked, enthusiastic."Aye," Roger affirmed. "Me and Desmond have a proposition.""We've been talking, and seeing the way you handled yourself in your first flying lesson with Madame Hooch, I want Roger and myself to train you," Desmond explained. "So that somebody decent can take my place next year on the team."James stared. They wanted him and Travis to train to be Chasers? James had honestly never thought about playing Quidditch, it never appealed to him. In fact, he had completely forgotten their conversation two nights ago about him trying out."You want to what, again?""Train. I'm a seventh year, which means this is my last year. The chances of me winning the Quidditch House Cup this year are slim, but I can help pave the way for the future so that you all can. I will be gone, and Roger wants you to take over for me, and he wants Travis on board, too. And after what I just watched today, so do I.""You watch us after one flying lesson and you're convinced we're you're next big hero?"Desmond laughed and shook his head. "Not entirely, but when you accurately threw that hand-egg over fifty meters a few minutes ago, I was sold on the idea.""I knew it! I knew that was what we should- I mean, yeah, it was nothing special."...The next day of flight lessons was just as eventful. The Slytherins and Gryffindors, according to the story James had heard, had an even more entertaining time than the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff's. Apparently, rumor had it that Harry had made a fool out of Malfoy for picking on Neville Longbottom, who had fallen off his broom and broken his wrist, ending up with him in the Medical Wing. Flying as if he was born with wings, he had dived fifty feet, past McGonagall's window and caught a Remembrall Malfoy had thrown before it shattered on the Entry Hall's front steps. According to the gossip, instead of expelling him for flying without an instructor present, McGonagall rewarded him by appointing Harry Seeker of the Gryffindor team. Oliver Wood, the Gryffindor Captain, had tried to keep it hush-hush, but all of the Gryffindor first years were whispering about it and word around Hogwarts traveled fast. Malfoy himself had complained that Harry shouldn't have been allowed to play, seeing as he couldn't even own a broom at school yet, but oddly Dumbledore consented to it. Harry and Ron pulled James and Travis aside at lunch and told them about it outside of the Great Hall. Harry was nervous, while Ron was ecstatic."Youngest Seeker in a century!" He continuously exclaimed, never losing his admiring tone."Wasn't Mom a Seeker?" Travis asked in between Ron's excited outbursts."Yeah, Dad was a Chaser since his second year, she was Seeker from her fifth year on up. They won the Cup for Gryffindor twice, so I heard.""Wicked!" Ron cried in veneration. "My brother Charlie never won the House Cup, and everyone said he was the best Seeker Gryffindor had in years!""Well, apparently Mum was better," Harry boasted as he gained a bit of confidence. He gave Ron a triumphant grin."That's the spirit!" James and Travis chorused, causing all four to laugh as they stumbled into the Great Hall. James and Travis followed Ron and Harry to the Gryffindor table and took a seat beside Fred and George despite the odd look Percy gave them for being at the wrong table."Where's Brian?""Oh, he's talking to Flitwick-""Professor Flitwick," Hermione Granger interrupted, taking a seat next to Percy, who nodded in agreement."It's polite, Potter.""Who cares about being polite, Perfect Prefect Percy?" the Weasley twins joked."Granger, do you walk out of walls or something, waiting to cut people off?" Travis muttered indignantly before continuing. "He's with Flitwick, looking to join up in the school music club. Apparently he runs it.""Ah," George said with an air of revelation. "A musician, is he?""Yeah, you could say he lives for it," James explained casually. Then he leaned in conspiratorially. "Anyway, I wanted to talk to you two. You remember that prank I wanted to plan at the start of term, Travis? That big one?""Yeah…?""I got the perfect one.""What's that?""Hey, look at this!" Harry burst out, holding up a several-week-old Prophet. "Remember that old vault that Hagrid took some grimy package out of back at Gringotts?""Oh no!" James fake gasped as he read the first line of the article. Trying to steer the conversation back to his plans, he tried to continue. "Anyways-""Somebody broke into it," Harry insisted."So?" James scoffed."Nobody breaks into Gringott's," Fred gawked. "Nobody.""And it was the very night that we were there, too.""Again, so? It has nothing to do with us, so why bother caring? We aren't exactly 'in the loop' with Hagrid's business."Harry looked at James and Travis with a look of annoyance, while Ron and the twins seemed remotely interested. "It has to be important," Harry pushed. "It has to.""Having a last meal, Potter?" Draco Malfoy drawled as he and his two chums walked up. "You're lucky you aren't getting on the train back to the Muggles!""You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got your little friends with you," said Harry coolly. There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and scowl."I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy. "Tonight, if you want. Wizard's duel. Wands only, no contact. What's the matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?""Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up. "Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked."When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other."What is a wizard's duel?" James asked."And what do you mean, you're his second?" Travis demanded."Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Ron casually, tearing into his Shepard's pie. Catching the look on Harry's face, he added quickly, "But people only die in proper duels, you know, with real wizards. The most you and Malfoy'll be able to do is send sparks at each other I reckon. Neither of you knows enough magic to do any real damage. I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway.""Expect him to refuse?" James interjected incredulously. "Given the number of times we've stood up to that idiot, how in his right mind would he think Harry'd refuse?"Ron shrugged. "Never claimed to be an expert on what that git's got for brains.""And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?" Harry asked."Throw it away and punch him on the nose," Brian suggested."Excuse me." They all looked up. It was Hermione Granger."You're excused," James dismissed, waving his hand at her to go away."Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry. "I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —""Bet you could," Ron and Travis muttered.Nonplussed, she forged ahead. "You mustn't go skulking around the school at night, think of the points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught! You're bound to be. You shouldn't be so selfish.""And it's really none of your business," said Harry."Good-bye," said Ron."You're excused," James repeated."Ta ta," Brian laughed."Toodles," Travis waved his fingers at her.…It was halfway to midnight as James, Travis, and Brian were huddled in a shadowed alcove halfway down the hall from the trophy room. Harry had told them to stay out of it, that he and Ron could handle it, but James wasn't going to let Harry die on that hill. He had brainstormed on it, and talked it over with Travis and Brian, and brainstormed over it some more when he came to the conclusion that Malfoy was setting them up.If he was right, the boys had their backs.Scuttering could be heard, and the three tensed in silence. Footfalls could be heard approaching, and soon, Harry and Ron emerged."Really gotta teach those two how to sneak," Travis whispered."Shh," James shushed, but his jaw dropped when Hermione Granger followed them, looking incensed in her hot pink bathrobe and as bossy as ever. "What. The. Hell.""Shh," Brian shushed him, and then he, too, let his jaw drop as the last person they all expected brought up the rear. Neville looked absolutely terrified. "'Oh, you all stay away, don't lemme drag you all down,' he said!""Shh," Travis shushed as the four Gryffindors ambled into the trophy room.James stayed put. He was here to back up Harry and Ron only if things went too far downhill. It didn't settle right with him, and he was sure Harry was just being stupid, but he had to play the cards he was dealt.Midnight came and went. It started to reek more and more like the setup they all thought it was, and that was confirmed when Argus Filch came around the corner and walked right into the trophy room. James groaned internally, his suspicions proved right. Carefully, he led the other three to the door, when Travis tapped him on the shoulder."How we playing this?" he whispered."I dunno yet," James answered honestly. "Let's see how they handle this."'Handle it' was something they did not, in fact, manage to do. James was almost to the entrance of the trophy room when he heard Neville squeak, and then a great crash fell as what James could only assume was the suits of armor and showcases tumbling over. Cringing, he poked his head in to see Harry and Hermione standing upright."Run!" Harry thundered, stooping over to help Ron and Neville up before they bolted. Harry led them away from a now screaming Filch who was in hot pursuit. Harry and the others disappeared through the far exit to the room, but James wasn't taking any chances."Stupefy!" he whispered, and hit Filch with the stunning spell. He looked to Brian and Travis as the glorified janitor fell to the floor unconscious. "Scatter! Find them, wherever they went, and get 'em back to their Tower!"The three took of down the hallway and coming to the staircase, split up. James stayed on the third floor, while Brian went up and Travis went down. Slinking as fast and silent as he could down the walkway, he came to an intersection that split to stairs and another hallway.The Cerberus hallway.Surely they hadn't gone that way, right? Hermione was supposed to be smart and would have reminded them, certainly... and nope. A grimy hand print about the size of Ron's was smeared across the corner of the entrance into the hall, and James groaned, taking off after them.They were in sight when Hermione pointed her wand at not just any door, but the Cerberus door. He didn't dare call out, so he settled on sprinting to catch them in time. Hermione used the same spell George had the other night, and the door creaked open. Harry threw it open, and they all made to rush in when-"AHHHHH!" they all screamed.Amateurs! James seethed. Rule Number Six, NEVER MAKE TOO MUCH NOISE!Peeves the Poltergeist manifested out of nowhere, to investigate the noise, but when he looked at the first year Gryffindors, then to James, he quickly put two and two together and gave James a two finger salute before disappearing. James silently thanked his ally as he made it to the door. He yanked Neville backwards and had Ron and Harry horse collared just in time to pull them out of the helldog's triple threat bite. Hermione fell back on her rear, and was struggling to back pedal. Snagging her by the arm pits, he dragged her sorry carcass out before the hound got her, too."Idiots!" he admonished as he dragged Hermione to her feet. "Half the damn castle freaking heard you!"Travis and Brian appeared around the corner, and he shoved Harry and Ron towards them."Get them outta here! I'll lead these two-" he jerked his thumb at Hermione and Neville, "-Morons back another way, that way we don't all get caught! Peeves, if you're still here, cover them! I'll pay you back!""Right, scatter!" Travis told Brian, who nodded. They each grabbed one by the elbow and dragged them away, and James turned to Hermione and Neville."Let's go, this way!" James led them further down the third floor hallway.A pair of Slytherin Prefects bolted into sight as James rounded a corner, and he shoved them into an alcove before squeezing tight with them, blending into the shadows. "Breath deep and quiet," he whispered to Neville, pressing a hand on the boy's back. "We can't be heard."Neville tried his best, which was good enough, thankfully, as the Slytherins trampled past. Once he was sure the coast was clear, he led them back towards Gryffindor tower."Stupid, idiotic, moronic, dolts," James ranted harshly at them as they sneaked. "Clueless, foolish, freakish, amateurs!""Its not my fault!" Hermione defended. "I tried to stop them! The only reason I'm even here is because the Fat Lady left the portrait!""Great job," James snidely replied. "Besides, I don't care about you all being out and about, hell, I encourage it-""You would!" Hermione snapped."But for Christ's sake you can do it without bumbling around the castle knocking over every statue and alerting every damned prefect to what you're up to! Its gonna take weeks before they calm down about the security!""That's what you're worried about?" Hermione scoffed. "How hard it is for you to sneak around the castle? You sure have your priorities straight!""Says the nerd out skulking around like a felon!""Guys!" Neville whimpered, looking fit to never to talk ever again. "Can we talk this over back in the Common Room?"James shook his head and fell silent as they arrived to the Fat Lady's portrait. "Pig snout," Hermione muttered to the portrait. The Fat Lady gave them a condescending look, but opened up. Walking into the Common, they found Travis, Ron, Harry, and Brian catching their breath around the dying embers of the fire."Bloody hell," Ron gasped. "Who in their right mind keeps something like that locked up in a school?"Hogwarts, apparently," Travis muttered, standing upright with his hands on his hips as he got his breathing under control."Did any of you even use your eyes?" Hermione snipped, catching her bad attitude again. "It was standing over a trap door. It's guarding something.""Oh, I'm sorry, Your Highness," James griped as he slung himself onto a couch. "I was too busy saving your sorry hide to look at that damn things feet."Hermione glared at all of them except Neville, who still looked shell shocked. "Well, I hope you're all proud of yourselves. We could have all been killed-or worse, expelled. I'm going to bed before you idiots get me into any more trouble.""Not that we'd want you along, anyways," Travis muttered."She has a wonderful set of priorities," Ron and James chorused, before looking at each other and falling into fits of laughter."Think its clear to head back to our room?" Brain asked.James looked at his watch as he caught his breath, and sighed. "Prolly not... The whole school is on high alert... we'll just camp out in here, if that's okay?"Harry shrugged. "Don't think its a crime."James grinned. "Well, if it is, it isn't the worst one we committed tonight..."…

If you're reading this, much love.ENJOI…To their great delight, Malfoy was floored when Ron and Harry showed up at breakfast the next morning. He went red in the face and glared daggers at James, as if he instinctively knew it was James's doing.Which, you know, it was.As James, Travis, and Brian joined a concerned Kiara at the Ravenclaw table, Harry's snowy owl, Hedwig, swooped down and dropped a huge package in his lap. Harry was practically dancing as he ripped it open before class, showing off the Nimbus 2000 McGonagall had gifted him.James Dean wasn't jealous.James Dean was not jealous.As an added bonus, Hermione had taken to avoiding them and not speaking to any of them at all. She and James had, however, gotten into an unspoken rivalry when she was over heard saying that was smarter than him. Never one to back down from a challenge, James quit being lackadaisical with his studies and hit the books with gusto. They competed to get the most points for their respective houses, becoming academic all-stars, and even Snape was forced to admit that, when James put his mind to it, he could be brilliant...."I am remiss to admit, Potter..." Snape spat his name like it was a curse. "but you really are brilliant, when you bother applying yourself.""Aw, stop it," James gushed giddily as he stirred his Forgetfulness Potion. "You're making me blush!"…It took some coaxing, but they managed to get Neville out of his shell shocked state and go back to class. He skipped the first few days after their encounter with Cerburus, and Harry and Ron had to bring him his school work. Flitwick, being concerned about Neville's grades, had bribed James and Travis with House Points to tutor him with his missed classes, which terrified Neville(who was now scared of James for whatever reason) and, another added bonus, infuriated Hermione. They did manage to teach him a few jinxes and counter spells to defend himself with, if he ever did manage to get the confidence to do so.Life was calming down after the first week, though, and Hogwarts proved to be nothing at all like what Lily and James Sr. had told them it would be; it was ten times weirder.With countless staircases that ranged from opulent and grand to so narrow and rickety one would be hard pressed not to fear for their life, it was easy to get lost between classes. Just as soon as they thought they knew were they were going, ghosts would pop out of nowhere like the forever arguing Sybil and Cecil, distracting them long enough for stairs to change, making them get lost again.With it so easy to become turned around, James often had to ask his professors for directions to his next class. Some were helpful, and downright happy to do so. Professor Flitwick was so thrilled to have a Potter in his House that he offered to even assign an older student to give him, Brian and Travis an in-depth tour. Others, like Professor Snape, sneered and "reminded" them that he wasn't a tour guide, and even deducted house points for merely asking.Fred and George Weasley were lifesavers. In between classes and even after hours, they would show James and Harry around the castle, and noted secret passages that could substitute as shortcuts. Pretty soon, Harry, Ron, James, Travis, Kiara and Brian were making it to classes in record time, were able to get around the school after hours without getting caught, and were even able to pull off a few more minor pranks, all with "Gred and Forge" and their best friend Lee.Kiara, who was a skittish thing who seemed terrified at the prospect of breaking the rules with her newfound friends, often stayed in the Ravenclaw Common whenever they went out on their treks, but they always made sure she got there before Malfoy and his gang could get to her. Harry and Ron often joined them, finding their first night out as great fun, and the seven got into tons of late night trouble and misadventures.When Travis asked Fred how he and George had gotten such a vast knowledge about Hogwarts, especially since they were only third years, he was rather short on it. "A map," he answered curtly, grinning like a maniacal magician keeping his worst secret. He and Fred hushed them upon further questions, saying that it was a well guarded secret, and one that they could not indulge upon them, at least not yet."'Yet' being the operative word, mate," George hinted with a wink. "We still require the item's… services, but when we decide that it is not necessary to be of use to us, you will get to know more than just what it is. Trust me."Travis huffed a bit, but dropped the subject.September came and went in a flash, though, and James and Fred had began working on James's plan to get at the Caretaker's cat, Mrs. Norris...."Nepeta cataria," James boasted as he held the bag of catnip up for Fred's inspection. "Also known as... catnip. Distant relative to mint, and enjoyed by two-thirds of the world's population of domesticated felines. All we gotta do is make a potion that boosts its effects to new, Schedule 1 levels, and we'll have that little monster by the short whiskers.""Brilliant," Fred chuckled as he rubbed his hands together. "I know just the place to work on it in peace, too...""Where?""Ever wonder why the girl's avoid the lavatory on the second floor...?"…And so all throughout October, James and Travis split their free time training with Roger and Desmond, studying with Brian and Kiara, and James and Fred secretly experimenting on their latest, greatest "product." James Sr. was overjoyed that so many of his sons had gotten so deep into Quidditch, a sentiment he had expressed in every letter he had sent. They were taught formations and passing patterns and how to break off and when to fall back in and how to dive after a Quaffle properly. Roger was tough on them, being all too serious about getting the two first years up to and above par; they held private lessons with Desmond on the days whenever Quidditch practice wasn't going on. Desmond was impressed with their performance and had decided to be a kind and merciful God, giving them the week of, and past, Halloween off.Harry, who, with the exception of Oliver and the Weasley twins, hadn't readily been accepted on the Gryffindor team, quickly proved himself as a good Seeker in every given practice. By the time Halloween came around, he was all Wood seemed to talk about, as he, too, had far outperformed the standards that Oliver seemed to have for him.Harry had also seemed hellbent on figuring out what Cerberus was protecting."It has to be that thing Hagrid was taking from Gringott's," he told Ron adamantly. "I wonder what it is?""Obviously its something dangerous or expensive," Ron agreed."It's probably just Dumbledore's family treasure or something," James had waved his twin off. "He's defending it with something dangerous for a reason.""You aren't curious?"Harry demanded."Not really," James shrugged as he bit into a licorice wand. "I'm in the business of causing trouble I can get away with, and I sincerely doubt I can get away with cracking anything Dumbledore's set up."..."We're going after Mrs. Norris," James blurted out while he helped Kiara with her potions essay. The four were sitting in their favorite spot in the common room, so James felt comfortable speaking freely."Mrs. Norris?" Kiara asked. "Filch's cat?""The one and only, that mangy, fur-licking, danger-toed beast.""I agree," Travis puffed, as he continued his push ups.. "But how are we going to get away with it? Wherever she is, Filch ain't far behind.""Elementary, Dear Barker. We are going to lure her away from Filch, with a special little… something.""And what would that be?""Something Fred and I have been working on. Covertly, of course, but almost fool-proof.""'Almost?'" Travis inquired cautiously from his spot on the floor. He finished his push-ups and sat cross-legged on the floor, picking up his potions book. "Sounds a little risky," he warned as he began taking notes."Well, only two thirds of house cats enjoy catnip," James explained. "Fred and I tested it on her and she lapped up every leaf, so I'm sure the potion we're working on will attract her. Don't worry; it'll be so… irresistible... that Mrs. Norris will be so far away from Filch, both physically and spiritual, that she'll be easy pickings. The little cretin will finally know what it feels like being a mouse, for a change.""Well, you can tell us what we're going to do to this cat, I hope?" Brian asked, dubious himself. He strummed an open E on his guitar a couple times, and made a face. Tuning the string he hit it again and smiled appreciatively. "Nothing better sounding than a finely tuned six string.""Humiliate the hell outta her," James replied casually, looking up from his Transfiguration homework and pointing at a spelling error Kiara had made."Sounds like fun," Brian giggled from over the wooden rim of the acoustic guitar. "Did you hear what Ron and Harry did to Hermione Granger today?""Bashed her so bad after Charms that she spent the rest of the day locked in a bathroom?" James asked with a grin, knowing where the conversation was heading. "Priceless…""Can't say the know-it-all didn't have it coming," Travis agreed with a sinister grin."Yeah, she did. But I heard that Ron may have gone… a bit too far?" Kiara added softly, looking a bit sympathetic."Feeling sorry for Miss British Buck-Tooth Nineteen-ninety one?" Travis goaded, daring her to say that she was."No," Kiara quickly defended, but looked like she almost immediately regretted it.James gave Kiara's look some thought, and started to feel a bit bad, too. Dad had explained to him that he was merely sinking to her level, as he put it, and that from what he had accounted to his father, had been just as rude to her as she was to him. Travis and Brian didn't think as highly and even suggested that they try pranking her again.James sighed; such thinking was giving him a headache. Looking down at his watch, he noticed that it was almost time for the Halloween feast. "Halloween feast starts soon, wanna head down?""Yeah, I'm starved," Brian answered, putting down his guitar."Nothing better to do," Travis agreed, standing up and throwing his book down on the coffee table with an audible crack. "Shall we?""I could eat," Kiara mumbled, looking a bit distraught.…Pumpkins grown in Hagrid's patch had been carved into comically sinister jack-o-lanterns. They floated amongst the candles in the Great Hall as bats flitted between them, and would screech on occasion. The tables were all bedecked with orange and black, with more jack-o-lanterns replacing the usual candlestick holders that sat between the trays of food.The four took a seat at the Ravenclaw table, and after giving Harry a wave, they tucked in. Travis and Brian bashed on Hermione, while James was just happy to have access to one of his favorite meals. Kiara quietly poked at her food, and by the time dessert rolled around, excused herself from the table."What's her problem?" Travis asked."I dunno," James shrugged. "I don't think she likes all the crap you're talking 'bout Bushyhair."They stopped talking after that, until..."TROLL! T-t-troll. In the dungeon!" Quirrell's stammering voice resounded throughout the Hall. Many a strangled gasp and harried whisper filled the Great Hall as James choked on a big piece of treacle tart and Brain's eyes bugged out of his face. Quirrell stumbled to the head table and whispered another wheezy "Troll, in the dungeon... I just thought you should know," before falling unconscious."Some Defense against the Dark Arts teacher he is," George Weasley muttered loudly. A few people laughed nervously, but everyone else simply panicked."Calm, everyone! Calm," Dumbledore demanded from his chair. "Prefects, take your fellow students to your houses, and do not delay. All of you must not venture beyond your common rooms the rest of the evening. All teachers, please follow me," he ordered, and set off for the dungeon with a trail of anxious teachers following. All of them except Quirrell, who remained passed out on the floor, James noticed, and Snape."James," Harry whispered, suddenly appearing next to him. "It's Hermione, she is still up in the lavatory, she doesn't know!""What?""Who cares," Travis scoffed. "The troll will be doing us a-""I dare you to finish that," James cut him off. "I dare you."Travis held his hands up. "Fine, fine, but don't expect me to-""We're all going to find her," Harry demanded. "Let's go!"...Kiara entered the bathroom and washed her face in the first possible sink. She had eaten at the feast and had enjoyed it, but when Travis started talking, injecting the table with cruel jokes about Hermione, she simply had to leave. She had nothing against the Gryffindor girl, she really didn't. In fact, she respected her for her being smart and confident enough to stand up to the three self proclaimed PranKings, no matter how... invasive, she could be.She didn't want to admit it, though. Hermione was a muggleborn, the type of witch and wizard her father had told her was the absolute scum of the earth. She was terrified of the idea of muggleborns, at first. But after learning that Travis and Brian were probably muggleborn, she had been forced to come to the conclusion that her father was wrongNot that she'd ever tell him that. She shuddered at the thought of what he'd do.I sound so weak right now, Kiara berated herself. "I'm a clatty coward."A sudden gasp broke Kiara's self-conversation. She napped her head around and asked, "Who's here?""M-me," Hermione Granger's voice sounded from the furthest stall."Hermione?""Yes," the girl sobbed."Are you… alright?" Kiara asked as she walked over and opened the stall door "Have you been in here all day?""Y-hic-yes.""Oh, I'm so sorry," Kiara whispered, kneeling and hugged Hermione, who readily grasped back. Kiara heard the girl gasp suddenly, and rode it off as her just being breathless. But moments after, a stupid, rumbling growl told her otherwise...."Where in Merlin's name did she go?" Ron cursed, looking back and forth down the hall."Yeah, keep turning your head on a swivel in an empty hall," Travis snorted. "Maybe she''ll appear from out of a wall.""Travis, no offense, but what is your problem?" Brian pried. "I know Granger ain't the greatest person, but really, what has your- oh, damn."The troll stumbled past at the end of the hall, unaware of the five boys. It disappeared, but a loud, resounding bang told them where it was, while piercing screams told them where Hermione was."C'mon," James urged, he and Harry sprinting towards the end of the hall."Easy for you to say, you have no brains!" Ron complained, following after them.Brian and Travis looked at each other questioningly. Travis shrugged at Brian's quirked head. "C'mon, bro," Travis consented. "Let's make sure Harry and Jimmy Dean don't get crushed to death."Upon crossing the threshold of the girls' bathroom, James immediately saw that the gigantic monster had Hermione and Kiara Kennedy cornered in the furthest stall of the room, hugging each other. The stalls had been obliterated, and many of the toilets were shattered, flinging water across the floor. The troll itself was well over fifteen feet tall, with boils popping out of its gray and sickly skin. It smelled like it had never been introduced to a shower and had dirt caked on its bald head and behind its large, round ears. Gawping at the unintelligent beast, James was at a loss at what to do. Naturally, Harry thought it was best to refer command to him."James, what do we do?!""I don't know!""Well, think of something!""Me?! This was your idea!""I'm the brave and noble Gryffindor, I don't think on my feet! Use your brilliant Ravenclaw wittiness!""Would you two do something?!" Hermione shrieked as the toilet she and Kiara had previously been occupying just a split second before it shattered under the crushing force of the troll's large wooden club.Pushed into action, James did the one thing he was best at.Insults."Hey, ugly! Yeah, you! I woulda' been yo' daddy, but the dog beat me over the fence!""Yeah," Harry agreed, waving his arms. "You make my grandmum look pretty, and she's been dead for like, a hundred years!""You're so fat, Oprah's like damn!" Brian threw in, grabbing a broken plank of wood and tossing it to Ron."You make a dumb blond look like Einstein!" Travis snarled as he threw a piece of porcelain at the idiotic giant's head. "Your mother pulled tricks in a swamp and your father reeked of elderberries!""I have no insult!" Ron roared as he took the plank of wood and snapped it over the immense calf of the troll. The thing kicked back and sent him flying into the wall. It turned to regard the rest, and grunted stupidly."Yeah, that's right," Travis boasted, waving his arms gloatingly. "I know Muggle gangsters more scary than you, ugly! I'll shank you so-Oof!" Travis went flying as the Troll swung at him. Harry charged at that point, brandishing his wand and grabbing the club as it arced."Whoa!" he screamed as the troll brought it back around, staring at Harry as he held onto it. It pulled the gnarled plank up to his face and stared oafishly at Harry before roaring, covering Harry in a gale of slobber. "Ugh," Harry scoffed as he shoved his wand up the beast's nose."Harry!" James screamed."Kiara, Hermione, c'mon!" Brian screamed, waving the two towards him. "While it's distracted!"As the two ran past the troll, James jumped at it. It pulled Harry off its club and was beginning to slam it into him when Ron screamed, "Wingardium Leviosa!"The club flew up in the air, thudded against the ceiling, and James, picking up on Ron's idea, slung his own wand and called out the counter charm, promptly making the club slam into the troll's face, knocking it out. James and Harry were careened into the wall, but thudded to the floor safely atop a pile of shattered stall doors."Mom and Dad would kill me if they heard me say this," James muttered as he pushed Harry off of him and swatted at the troll saliva that got swiped on him. "But son of a bitch."Brian started giggling uncontrollably. Travis started laughing after him, slapping his thigh and sliding down the wall and plopping down on the wet and flooded floor. Harry followed, throwing his arm around James's shoulder throwing a glob of troll spit at him. James cackled evilly back and tackled Harry to the tiles and forcibly washing the spittle off of his robes."It never ceases to amaze me how ye all laugh in the face o' clear and imminent danger," Kiara muttered fearfully. She was sitting up to the wall with her knees to her chest, her eyes staring at the snoozing form of the troll and not leaving it as she spoke. "First the rogue broom, and now this? Ye are insane. All a' ye are bloody insane. Ye are all a bunch of neddy wackjobs. The whole lot of you.""Why thank you," Travis said happily. "We take great pleasure from you-""What in Merlin's Pants happened in here!?" McGonagall shrieked as she, Snape, Flitwick, a queasy Quirrell, and Dumbledore walked in. "Potter!""Hello, ma'am," James asked, smirking and tossing a two fingered salute, still high on the adrenaline rush. "You're looking good tonight.""What did you do!" she demanded as Snape began inspecting the troll and Quirrell went white and sat limply on a toilet."We saved the damsels in distress," Travis boasted a sloppy smile plastered on his face."We know that this was your doing, Potter," Snape sneered, now looking directly at Harry, but the git did manage a side-glare at James, lest he feel left out. "We have caught you at the scene of your crimes.""Crime?" Brian spat incredulously. "We save Hermione, our sworn rival and intellectual nemesis, and you wanna blame us?""Oh, yes! Please, profess your innocence to me!""Professor Snape," Flitwick chided adamantly. "Surely you do not believe these children are here for malicious reasons?""These two, just like their father, they-""May I ask you why your leg is bleeding, Professor?" James pointed out.Snape glared at him as he covered his torn and bloodied pant leg with his robes. "Mind your own, Potter.""Well, my brother does have a point…" Harry trailed. "Snape didn't exactly follow when you ordered, Headmaster," he finally continued, looking up at Dumbledore."How very astute of you, Harry," the wizened old man said with a smile. With a twinkle in his eye, he referred to Snape. "Professor Snape went to handle something else, under my specific orders should something awry happen unexpectedly. Now, this scene tells me a story, but I'd rather hear your version. Why did you seek out the troll when you were told in detail to go straight to your dormitories?""Well, aha ha, that's the thing-""We were just-""Yeah, and-""The troll came out of nowhere and-""They were trying to stop me!" Hermione cried. All eyes turned and looked at Hermione in shock."Oh?" Dumbledore looked at her with curiosity. "And why was this, Miss Granger?""I- I went after the troll. They just were trying to stop me. I locked it in here, but I didn't know Kiara was in here, so I had to reopen the door, and it all just…""…fell apart?" Dumbledore finished helpfully."Yes… I expect I should be packing soon.""Nonsense," McGonagall sniffed. "Fifty points from Gryffindor, and a month's detention. But you will not leave Hogwarts tonight, Miss Granger. As for you two," she turned towards Harry and Ron. "Twenty-five points each for attempting to thwart her… foolish attempt!" McGonagall turned on her heel, threw her arms in the air and stormed out. "I will go catch Filch and have him clean up this mess!""I meant it when I said ya looked great, Professor!" James called out as she left."And you three," Flitwick slapped James's knee before looking to them. "Twenty-five points each, to Ravenclaw. Miss Kennedy, will you be alright?""Yes, Professor Flitwick," Kiara intoned. She still had her gaze locked on the troll's faint form. "I am well.""Yes, well," Flitwick stumbled over words. It was obvious that she wasn't. "Will you boys take her back to the dormitory? Harry, you and Mr. Weasley should escort Miss Granger as well. Well, off to bed, then.""Pip-pip!" Dumbledore urged, waving his hands in the direction of the door with a smile. The boys looked over their shoulders uncertainly. "You will all need a good night's rest before your classes tomorrow!"Harry and Ron both followed a shaky Hermione out of the bathroom at a record pace. James and Brian each gently grabbed a shoulder and hefted Emma up. Leading her out with Travis following, they all but sprinted from the room and the teachers. James distinctly heard Snape whining about letting them "off the hook." James smiled despite the situation; Snape had no idea what James was capable of getting away with, a fact Mrs. Norris would find out soon enough."Duuuuuude… that was so close!" Brian exclaimed as soon as they were well away from the ears of the Professors."Yeah, I know," Travis muttered disbelievingly. "What just happened?""I think," James said, with an air of finality, "That we are now near and dear friends with Hermione Granger. From this point on, she is our sister, and may God himself help those who speak ill of her golden soul. That also includes you," he added as he grinned at Kiara. "Sister."For some reason, she didn't his declaration very comforting.…"Blasted damnation!" Quirrell screamed as he stormed into his study after his final class on the day after Halloween, ripping his turban off.Voldemort hissed quietly to himself. The fool's plan was oh-so-very sound. Bring in a troll from one of the surrounding mountains, distract the teachers, clear the students… it was so very brilliant in its simplicity, but had been spoiled by the clever Dumbledore. Even then it may have worked, if Snape had been forced to forgo guarding the third floor corridor to help the teachers fight it off rather than safe house the door to his one and only desire; the Stone. But alas, the Potter twins and their worthless friends took care of the troll for their precious professors, the meddling runts.Voldemort grunted to himself. If only I could touch them..."If only I had managed to kill them when I had that chance…" he hissed from the back of the fool's head. "If only…"Voldemort cut that line of thought off where it stood. No room was there for "What could have been." He didn't know what saved their lives, much less their annoying parents, and he didn't quite care, at least not at that point in time. The time for affirmative action was, as always, right now."We need to take care of them. Permanently," Voldemort whispered."We can curse Harry at the game. He is playing Seeker for Gryffindor, and it would be the opportune time for him to… fall?""That works… unless Dumbledore is there.""He shall not be, M'Lord, he will be attending a meeting with Minister Fudge that day until well into the eve.""Very well. Now on to other business."His clever mind reeled in Quirrell's head, scrambling for a way to get into that hall. If he wanted to be whole again, he'd need a plan. Voldemort thought maybe- no. He couldn't think; he could feel his grip on this world was slowly fading, that Quirrell's weak body was failing, and they both were nearly done. They needed sustenance."Quirinus, we're not going to last. This little plot is taking longer than planned and I'm losing my grip.""What?" the idiot asked stupidly. "My lord, why didn't you say anything before? I could have just-""Could have just what, you fool!? I am a spirit clinging to a world it doesn't belong in and you think there is a simple solution for my predicament?""Yes, M'Lord. The Forbidden Forest has many unicorns grazing its depths, and as we both know, they can supply immortality to spirits and Wizards willing to risk the effort...""I-" the Dark Lord started, but cut himself off. It was a sound idea. In fact, it was a brilliant plan. "Then we go tonight, my vessel. We go out tonight."Maybe Quirinus Quirrell wasn't such an imbecile, after all…

If you're reading this, much love. Before anybody gets any funny ideas about what they read in this chapter, don't. There are no ships, no allusions, and no foreshadowing for any future relationships in this chapter. Its a joke. Take it as one.ENJOI…The first few days of November were boring. On the plus side, Hermione had done a complete one hundred eighty degree turn around in terms of attitude, and since had became a new permanent fixture of their growing group. By Friday, if anyone had a question about school work, James or Hermione were close by to help(Hermione) or simply give them the answer(James.)It was after classes then, that they were all in the Gryffindor common, as James stared at the chessboard with laser intensity. Harry had left the Common Room a nervous wreck, worried about his upcoming Quidditch match against Slytherin the next day and babbling something about "getting his book back from Snape." Hermione was surrounded by Kiara, Travis, and Brian as she showed them how to work through a Transfiguration spell, taking over for James when Ron had griped about not having anyone to play Wizard's chess with.James, having wanted to desperately to learn had thrown his books away and all but dragged a gleeful Ron to the chessboard. Ron, more than happy to explain something to James for a change, took little time to explain the rules to James before they played.And played they did.And lost horribly every time, James did.They were in their third match as James wracked his brain to find the right move. Ron had fooled him, that was for sure. The youngest Weasley boy was a pure, unbridled, unequivocal tactical genius. He herded James's knights, excommunicated James's bishops, annihilated his Rooks, dethroned his Queen, and would then guillotine his King. James was sure his white marble harlot of a Monarch was pining for an affair with Ron, as by the third time they matched off, his Queen was looking to Ron desperately, not him."Knight to E3," James Dean finally grumbled."Checkmate," Ron declared with a victorious grin."How do you figure?" James retorted.Ron pointed at his Queen, who was mimicking doing a suplex, while James's King quivered and looked up at him desperately. The Queen now had a clear shot at the King, and she took it. Her piece leapt to the space in front of James's King...He looked away. He didn't want to watch his King be slaughtered, or see the silent screams he made as he was beheaded for the third time in a row."Crap," James griped, pursing his lips to one side."That's three in a row for me!" Ron declared, holding his arms up in victory. "Another?""Sure-" James started, but the entirety of his chess pieces revolted, dragging their broken bodies from the board and waving obscene gestures at him with the remaining limbs they had. "It's my first time! I'm doing my best, okay!""Oh, don't worry about it," an older Gryffindor said as he walked by. "They'll forget all about it by tomorrow.""Rain check?" James asked, and Ron shrugged. They shook hands as the door opened and Harry came rushing in. He waved at them to join him conspiratorially, making James roll his eyes. "Real inconspicuous, dude.""Shut up and keep quiet," Harry ordered as they all gathered around him. Harry made sure nobody was listening before continuing. "So, when I went to the staff room to find Snape, I found him in there with Filch-""Ugh," James scoffed. "Screw Filch.""Raggedy sack of crap," Brian added."-Anyways, he was helping Snape bandage his leg!"They all stared at Harry."His leg was cut up by Cerberus," James reminded Harry. "A few days ago? Dumbledore explained it to us-""This was fresh," Harry hissed. "He tried going after whatever it is Dumbledore hid in there!""Citation needed," James said through the corner of his mouth."I dunno," Hermione shook her head. "He wouldn't try to steal from Dumbledore. I know he's not very nice-"James and Harry glared at her, but she waved her hands at them furiously."But Dumbledore trusts him for a reason!""I'm with Harry," Ron decided. "I wouldn't put anything past Snape, and you trust anyone who is a teacher, honestly."James sucked a breath in through his teeth. "I dunno. Whatever it is, its important enough to be well guarded. I wouldn't be so worried about it, honestly. 'Sides, it ain't worth getting our heads ripped off over, y'know?""Thank you," Hermione sighed, throwing her hands up."But they do have a point. You do need to work on not blindly trusting of the teachers, though.""Ugh!"…The next morning was bright and cold. The Great Hall was filled with people chattering about the upcoming match as they stuffed their faces with eggs cooked all sorts of ways, six different types of buttered toast, and deliciously fried sausages."Eat the toast," James Dean ordered."No," Harry mumbled, looking green."Quidditch matches can last for days," Ron reminded him. "You need the food.""Don't remind me," Harry whimpered as he ducked his chin into his chest."Just a bite of toast," Kiara, who had been quiet until that point, prodded. "The rye is really good.""Eat the toast," James ordered again as he popped a sausage into his mouth."No," Harry repeated."You need your strength!" Seamus told him, trying to force a glass of apple juice in his hands. "Seekers tend to be the ones Beaters try to clobber the most!""Thanks a lot, Seamus," Harry grumbled, watching in horror as James piled ketchup onto a plate stacked high with sausage and scrambled egg."Does Big Bwuvuh James gottta bweak out the Choo Choo Train?" James asked, smiling wickedly. He picked up a fork full of sausage and egg, dripping grease and ketchup as he imitated a train going down the tracks with it. "Choo choo!"…The Quidditch Pitch sat past the Hogwarts Training Grounds. The field was oval shaped, with twenty tall towers all around the pitch, each one alternately decorated for the two House teams that were playing. They had gotten lucky, as Hagrid reserved them tower seats behind the Slytherin goal posts, and this afforded them an amazing view of the immaculately kept pitch.Dean Thomas, Neville, and Seamus joined them at Ron's request, and they didn't come unprepared. Dean was something of an artist, and had made a flag from bed sheets Ron's rat had ruined which was painted with "POTTER FOR PRESIDENT" with a roaring lion beneath it. Getting into the sportsy atmosphere, Hermione charmed the Lion to actually roar loudly whenever it was waved, leading Seamus to swing the flag wildly as the Quidditch teams took to the field.The Gryffindors looked confident as they strutted out, led by the stocky and muscular Oliver Wood. He was flanked by the Weasley twins, who waved their bats happily at the applause. The three Chasers, girls James didn't really know(Angelina Johnson, Alicia Spinnet, and Katie Bell, Hermione informed him) looked serious and barely reacted at all as a nervous and fumbling Harry brought up the rear.They were met in the middle by the surly, all male Slytherin team. The Slytherin captain was another guy James didn't know, but looked like he'd never met a dentist before and had a sour face on as he was forced to shake hands with Wood. Hooch's voice, magically enchanted to be heard throughout the pitch, prattled on about a clean game, but James ignored her as he pulled his trusty old U.S. Army spotting scope out from his bag and handed Travis the binoculars."Whoa," Dean breathed in awe. "Where'd you knick that?""The dumpster behind 'Davis and Doris's Antiques,'" James answered honestly."Wicked," Dean and Seamus chorused.The Quidditch players took off, and with a blow of the whistle, the game commenced. It became quickly apparent that the Gryffindor Chasers were far superior to Slytherins. Marcus Flint(Lee Jordan had called his name out) flew relatively well, but he was more interested in being a brute and trying to power through his plays than be precise or make play calls. Adrian Pucey, a third year, proved to be more than just a handsome face, though, as his flying was inspired, dodging Bludgers and intercepting passes.The Gryffindor Chasers were on a whole different level. Angelina was tall and had tremendous arm strength, making long passes and catching easily with her bigger wingspan. Alicia Spinnet was small, but agile, making cuts through the Slytherin's lines and breaking open for passes deep into the Snake's territory. Bell was an all arounder, being between the other two in skills, and making the Gryffindors a cohesive Chaser unit capable of pulling off intricate flight patterns, passes, and shots on goal."And the Quaffle is intercepted by Angelina Johnson-AGAIN! Fifth time this game!" Lee Jordan proclaimed from his commentary booth. "Great looker, that one- Right, right, Professor, I'll stop- AND GOAL! KATIE BELL SCORES! TEN MORE POINTS TO GRYFFINDOR!"The entire school, witch exception to the Slytherins cheered, Seamus and Dean waved their flag, the Lion roared, and James spotted Harry in the scope doing a loopdieloop in celebration before resuming his orbital patrol above the pitch, Terrence Higgs right behind him. Bletchley, the Slytherin Keeper, angrily tossed the Quaffle back into play, and the game resumed.And back and forth it went for the first thirty minutes. Wood was an excellent Keeper, as the four shots on goal the Slytherins managed to get were neatly blocked. Miles Bletchley, however, was not having a good day. Katie Bell had scored twice on him in ten minutes, and the other two had scored three, giving Gryffindor with an eighty to nothing lead. He had only managed to block three other shots on goal the entire game up to that point, and he was beginning to get chewed out by Flint.James decided he didn't like Flint. He wasn't a very good leader. The entire reason they were losing was because Flint was trying to outbrute the Gryffindor team, whereas Angelina had her girls outflying them. They often used the Weasley's as cover, who never even bothered to harangue Higgs, the Slytherin Seeker, and focused entirely on keeping their team's flyers safe.And keep them safe they did. Watching the Weasley's fly was like watching a pair of bulldozer's carve up the pitch. They flew above and below their Chasers, clearing the road for them as the girls danced, jinked, and dove around their Slytherin counterparts. It was like watching a violent aerial dance as the Gryffindors took turns slicing through everything the Slytherins threw at them."Slytherin in possession, Pucey flying like a madman out there, trying to evade the Weasley's- he's clear! For the first time in ten minutes, Slytherin might get a shot through on goal! Wait, is that the Snitch?"Pucey fumbled the Quaffle in shock as a bolt of gold flew past his left ear, and suddenly, Higgs and Harry were both dive bombing. The Snitch veered up to the sky, though, and they both veered with it, and just as Harry had leveled of with the Snitch, he was feet away from catching it, his Nimbus 2000 far faster and more maneuverable than the broom Higgs was on. He was a foot away from catching it, inches...The entire crowd let out a collective "OOF!" though, when Marcus Flint collided with Harry. Higgs, not expecting his Captain to interfere, had to pull back and veer off course to miss colliding with Flint and Harry, who was now holding on for dear life, one hand only on his broom."FOUL!" Wood thundered. "That's a bloody foul!"Harry managed to get himself slung back on his broom, one eye bruised and his nose bleeding from where Flint had elbowed him. Boos filled the pitch, and Flint had an argument with Hooch, who wasn't having any of his nonsense and threatened to have him thrown out."Red card him!" Dean roared. "Throw him out!""Red card?" Ron asked."It's a lawn fairy thing," James explained. "In soccer, grievous penalties are punished by refs giving players the red card, which means they're ejected from the game.""YEAH!" Ron hollered, pounding the banister in front of their tower seats. "RED CARD HIM!"Hagrid, Dean, and Ron led a chant screaming for Flint to be redcarded, then, as Hooch called for a penalty shot to be taken by Gryffindor, which Alicia Spinnet easily scored."One Hundred Twenty to nothing, GRYFFINDOR!" Lee Jordan proclaimed as the Quaffle sailed through the posts.The game got brutal after that. Every time Hooch wasn't watching, Fred and George would club the nearest Slytherin. Flint would elbow anyone near him in the face, an obvious foul. Spinnet was literally pulled from her broom by the Slytherin Beaters and thrown to the ground, and it was only because Hooch managed to cushion her fall that she didn't splatter the pitch. Wood, Harry, and Higgs were harassed by Bludgers, the Chasers were all but brawling, and the Beaters were all but beating anyone near them senseless.In the ensuing chaos, almost nobody saw it, at first. James, however, no longer interested in watching a cage match, was just keeping an eye out on his twin when Harry's broom began to buck. Harry was forced to ride it like a cowboy as it rebelled beneath him, completely out of control."James!" Hermione gasped."I see it," He responded. He honestly didn't know what was going on, so he gave Hagrid the spotting scope."Yeh, that's dark magic, that is," Hagrid growled."What?" James and Travis demanded."Its not just a malfunctioning broom or something?" Brian proposed. "Maybe after he got hit?""Something's wrong with Potter's broom!" Lee exclaimed, and the stadium gave a collective gasp. The broom had thrown him from it, and he was now holding on with his hands as it tried to throw him off."Nope," Hagrid shook his head. "Those brooms don't malfunction like tha'. Somebody's doing it with magic, strong magic, too.""There!" Hermione pointed at the faculty tower. "Its Snape!""What?" Hagrid demanded. "That's preposterous!""Say what!?" James grabbed the binoculars from her hands."Its a curse! I've read about them, they have to keep eye contact to keep working!"Sure enough, there was Snape, wrapped in all black winter garb with unblinking eyes, muttering silently."That dick," James seethed, handing the binoculars to Ron and rifled through Travis's coat pocket. "Let's go!" James ordered as he stowed the knife from Travis and grabbed Hermione by the shoulder."Me? Why me!?"…Harry was being slung around like a lone windmill blade by the time James and Hermione had managed to shove their way to the faculties tower. They clambered up the steps and were halfway there when Harry, holding on for dear life, spiraled by."WAohWAohWAohWAoh!" he screamed as he flew past in a scarlet blur."I don't wanna know how sick he's going to be when he gets off that thing," James muttered."This game is so stupid!" Hermione huffed. "Why aren't the professors doing anything!"James didn't bother with a reply and they fell quiet as the neared the faculty box. They reached the top and James, being resourceful, pulled the flap of the green and silver tapestry covering the seat's framework and slung himself beneath the bleacher seats, and quickly found Snape's feet. Pulling out the knife, he went to slice the slimy teacher's ankle when Hermione slapped him."No!" she whispered, pointing down the line. "Push somebody over! Make a distraction for me!"Grumbling, he let Hermione take his spot and scooted over her body to come to rest behind the ankles of a slender, well dressed man with neatly pressed slacks and pointy shoes. He looked back to Hermione, and she nodded. With a might heave, he yanked on the legs the man's trousers, then pushed on the calves as hard as he could."Oh!" the voice of Professor Quirrell yelped as he, with pants around his ankles, was sent tumbling backwards.…"Oh!" Quirrell screamed as he felt his pants get pulled down from his ankles. He was then shoved, and he plodded backwards into a sea of his colleagues, naked legs shivering from the sudden shock of cold."The turban, you fool!" the Dark Lord whispered. "It's coming undone!"Quickly grasping the cloth, he held it to his head with one hand, reeled for his pants with another, and muttered his apologies. Something- or rather, someone, had pushed him in the legs as he was cursing that boy, and he had a right good idea who it was."Professor Snape, you're on fire!" Charity Burbage squeaked.On second thought, maybe he didn't have an idea, but rather knew who was behind it.…James and Hermione scrambled from beneath the bleachers, and James, seeing the stairs now crowded with teachers and not seeing any other option, led Hermione into the tower's framework. Propping himself up in the far corner of the wooden beams, he yanked the Slytherin banner that decorated the faculty tower back in place. Hermione, not having any other way to fit in between the tightly framed wooden beams that surrounded them, ending up having to saddle James's hips and wrap her arms around his neck to not fall backwards or down."Don't get any funny ideas," James joked as he held her secure by the belt loops of her jeans. "I'm a good, pure Christian boy."Hermione blushed, scowled at him, then made a disgusted face before reeling back and socked him in the eye. She punched him so hard, his head whipped back and conked off the oak support beam behind him, and he saw tweety birds and stars as he shook his head."Ow," James whispered. "Too soon?"No, you just deserved it," Hermione hissed."Yeah, I probably did."Hermione scoffed at him. "Damn right you did."…By the time they got back to their tower, James was nursing a bruised right eye socket and Hermione's knuckles were split open. She wiped them off on his Metallica t-shirt, to his dismay, but he shrugged it off.Joke was totally worth it."Potter's back on his broom and racing across the pitch! Does he see something we don't?" Lee Jordan commented as the took their seats."What happened to you?" Travis asked as James took his seat next to his taller brother."She lit Snape on fire, I depantsed Quirrell, we hid with her on my lap atop wooden beams three hundred feet above the ground, had a moment, she actually cussed," James shrugged. "It was a good time."Travis and Brian chuckled. Hagrid offered him his scope back, but considering his dominant eyes was now bruised and beaten, he held his up. "Not a good idea right now.""Alrigh'," Hagrid laughed, looking at the thing with impressed eyes. "Nea' little thing, isn't it? Mind if I borrow i'? I wanna go bird watching later.""Yeah, go for it," James muttered as he rubbed his eye and winced."Prolly shouldn't do that," Brian admonished. He pulled his wand and a handkerchief, mumbled a spell, and it filled with ice cubes. Once tied neatly, he handed it to James."Thanks," James nodded his head and looked back to pitch."Harry Potters diving!" Jordan called out.Harry was, indeed, diving, arm outstretched. He plummeted towards the pitch, but right before he hit, he leveled off and his hand clapped over his mouth. James cocked his head as his twin fell off his broom sideways, losing his balance. Tumbling side over side, Harry sprang to his feet, spit into his right hand, and held up a golden ball with silver wings.James almost fell out of his seat laughing."I caught it! I caught the Snitch!" Harry cried victoriously to the shocked-into-silence crowd."Caught it?!" James roared as he bent over, holding his sides. "He practically ate it!"…"He didn't catch it!" Marcus Flint could be heard screaming as Hagrid led them to his hut for a celebratory late-afternoon lunch. "He practically ate it!"Harry was held aloft atop of Ron and Travis's shoulders as James and Brian, arms slung around each others shoulders, belted the lyrics of Queen's "We Are The Champions." From his lofty position, Harry conducted them as they sang while Kiara and Hermione brought up the rear, laughing at their antics.Hagrid unlocked his hut, corralled Fang, and let them in. James leaped onto Hagrid's bed and was tackled by Fang, who cuddled his face into James's lap. Kiara went starry eyed at the sight of the boarhound and immediately sat next to James to baby talk the spoiled dog. Harry, Ron and Hermione sat at Hagrid's table while Brian and Travis finished off singing Freddie Mercury's iconic lyrics outside.Hagrid smiled at Fang and patted his big, drooly head before putting tea on the fire. He eased himself in his hand made, wood and leather easy chair, and gave a contented sigh."'Nother day, 'nother fine victory," he cheered Harry, who grinned."Thanks, Hagrid," he replied."Yeah, great work, go team, woooo..." James murmured as he plopped back onto Hagrid's furs, arms held up and making circles with his fingers."You okay there?" Ron laughed."My eye hurts,""As it should," Hermione huffed, but nobody missed the blush on her face."Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatevuh," James waved her off as he sat back up. "Still can't figure out why Snape'd curse you like that.""Oh, I sincerely doubt that was Snape," Hagrid shook his head as he got up to pour them all tea."Are you serious?" Travis asked as they walked in. "We literally watched him curse Harry's broom.""He could have been counter cursing Harry's broom," Brian added, taking a cup from Hagrid before looking at James. "Is that possible?"James shrugged. "I dunno. I haven't managed to find any books about curses," he jerked a thumb at Hermione. "She's the one who recognized it as a curse."They all turned to her, making her squirm. "Well, yes, it could have been a countercurse. I mean-they both require constant eye contact-but surely it would have thrown Harry off sooner-without knowing if anyone else was doing the same we couldn't-""Ugh," James threw up his hands and fell back again. "This is pointless! Just give us an answer in plain English!""Yes," Hermione growled. "It's possible it was a counter curse.""See?" Hagrid said, as if that proved his point. He handed James and Kaira cups of Earl Grey and patted his stomach. "Case settled.""But Hagrid!" Harry pounded his fist on the table. "We know he's after something- we know he's tried to get past the three headed dog!""How do you know about Fluffy?" Hagrid demanded."Fluffy?" they all chorused."Yes, Fluffy," Hagrid said mockingly, rolling his eyes. "What was I supposed ter name him, Cerberus?""Well, to be fair, that's what I've been calling him," James pointed out."Well, you can't even name an owl properly," Travis quipped, tossing rock cake crumbs at him. "You have the imagination of a rock.""Hey! I have creativity," James defended. "I draw!""Yeah, people and landscapes," Brian quipped. "Real talent there, Bob Ross.""Curse your sudden betrayal," James muttered."No' ter sound mean or nuttin', but he's got a poin', you know," Hagrid added out of the corner of his mouth."Gee, thanks, 'Grid.""Anyways," Harry interjected. "So Fluffy's yours?""O' course he's mine! I won 'im from some Greek chappie I met in a pub las' year. Lent him ter Dumbledore meself to guard the- ...I should not have said that.""Guard the what, Hagrid?" Harry asked with great interest."No, no," Hagrid shook his head vehemently. "I should no' have said tha'. Don't ask me no more abou' it.""But Snape's trying to steal it!" Ron and Harry whined."Allegedly," James added, holding up a finger. "We have no real proof and have established that he could have been performing a counter curse on Harry's broom.""Really don't see how its any of our business," Kiara defended Hagrid sheepishly.James held his hands up in a 'Thank you!' motion."That's a load a rubbish," Hagrid. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher. He'd do nothing of the sor'.""I'm with ya big guy," Travis shrugged. "But defending that argument just because he's a teacher ain't really a good reason."James again held his hands up in a 'Thank you!' motion."So why did he just try and kill Harry?" Ron cried."Allegedly," James, Brian and Travis interjected. "Again, it could have been a countercurse," James continued."Now I'm telling yeh, yers wrong!" Hagrid contested hotly. "I don' know who was making Harry's broom act like tha', but it wasn' Snape! He's trying to help Dumbledore! And he wouldn' try an' kill a student! Now all o' ya listen- for yer own good- you all forget about Fluffy an' you forget all 'bout wha' he's guarding, tha's strictly between Professor Dumbledore and Nicolas Flamel-"Hagrid looked at all of them, who were all listening very intently."I... should no' have said tha'."

If you're reading this, much love. Sorry for the delay in uploading, my mother has been on hospice and I have been in an absolute funk. I do not know when I'll get the next chapter up, either, since everything's up in the air, so... I guess, for now...ENJOI…Winter had come. By mid-December, the world, it seemed, had been covered in snow and the Black Lake had been frozen over. Classes were cold and drafty, and James was thankful to the Scotch-Korean girl in the year above him who taught him the Heart-Warming Charm; remiss as he was about the absolute girlishness of it, he had to admit, it made going to classes much easier.Owls had a hard time delivering mail in the cold weather. There were letters dated weeks prior that showed up in the beaks of unfamiliar birds, and many had to be rehabilitated by Hagrid before returning to their service.Quidditch lessons were far less frequent now, as the season ramped up, and James was all the more thankful for that. Being three hundred feet high in the air at negative two degrees was not his idea of fun, and being there in the middle of a snowstorm was his idea of suicide.Hermione, however, had found plenty of ways to keep him occupied. She'd officially taken over his place as the resident tutor, to Ron and Harry's horror, and had actually made their grades better. In exchange, James had spent every free hour crammed in the library, silently cursing as he was forced to ask Madam Pince for help in finding, then researching, any and all material related to famous witches and wizards in search of any reference of one Nicolas Flamel, without actually name dropping said character."For security," Hermione told him. "We don't want Snape overhearing or catching on."He was already grouchy that he wouldn't be going home for Christmas, since their dad had an extensive overseas assignment over the holidays with Sirius. But add on the fact that he had to spend time with the librarian, much less ask for her help, made everything that much more irritating. She would probably be pretty if she put on a few pounds, but as it stood, she was a wrinkled, walking bag of bones with an irritated demeanor and harsh attitude.He'd been forced to spend time with Fred making their kitty intoxicant after hours, which cut into his prank time, which cut into his sleep time. So yeah, he was a little moody."Shhhh!" Pince hissed at him loudly as he plopped a book down in front of her. He stared at her neutrally for a moment, and, not even gracing her with a response, left. He had the pages of almost a hundred books floating around in his mind, wasting his precious hard drive space on failed magical experiments and thesis' about the notion of using pyrite to fool muggle kings into thinking they had gold.James walked out of the library, then, deciding that this was a fruitless endeavor, and he didn't want to do it anyway, and shrugged, giving it up entirely.…Shopping was not a hobby James Dean Potter enjoyed partaking in. That being said, he made a list of things he wanted to give to people and sent it to his mother to expand on, given her creative license was far greater than his. For Harry, he had her get some custom Quidditch gear. For Travis, he and his dad collaborated and gotten something truly special. Brian got a magically enchanted guitar case that could shrink to the size of a key and fit inside his pocket. Kiara...Was difficult. She never really talked much, and never really talked a whole about her interests, so he had settled for telling his mother to get "Something girly."For Ron, he had requested a wizard's chess set that had a bit more tenacity, loyalty, and gumption than the one in the Gryffindor common room. Hermione got a list of books Jame's found in a wizarding catalog, which included such riveting titles such as, "The Grat Revolootuns, a Heestory of the Goblin Rebellionz Told Frum a Goblins Purspocteve," "The Twelve Uses of Dragon's Blood, and More!" "Hermes Lament," and "The Notable Achievements of Alchemy, Where Science and Magical Fail and Succeed."He asked his mom to get Hagrid a new, magically enchanted duster that protected its wearer from animal claws and kept them at a comfortable temperature. For Sirius, he asked her to get a new pocket watch that also let him know where he and everyone he cared about was. Uncle Remus had sent a letter asking them to get him nothing, as he was still working on his potions experiment at Sirius's house.So, naturally, James decided potions ingredients was best.…Christmas day dawned as the coldest and grayest yet. James awoke first of everyone in the dorm, for once, and ignoring the mountain of presents on the foot of his bed, hit the showers in hopes of enjoying some alone time. His mind wandered as he stood beneath the hot stream of water.How different life had become. Two years ago, Christmas was a bane. He and his brothers weren't given presents, as the orphanage had the mindset of "Jesus dying for your sins was present enough." The celebrations really only included Mass at the church and having them pray all day, with little to no family, little to no connection to be found.It felt so empty and hollow, the words of the church. James had heard some of the orphans talk about what happened to them at the hands of the members of church, and it made his stomach revolt. He didn't know why those things never happened to him, Travis or Brian. Maybe it was because of what everyone knew they were.James shook his head under the water, letting droplets fly from his unkempt black hair. Last year had been the best Christmas they'd all ever had. Christmas dinner was a treat in and of itself, of course. They never celebrated a Christmas like that before, where they were treated to honeyed baked ham, Swedish meatballs, tons of different veggie dishes, and treacle tart.And the presents were another bonus. They'd never had Christmas presents before, and while they knew the usual thing was for kids to ransack through every gift box with their name on it, the Potter family had a tradition; open one gift at a time, in order from oldest to youngest. Harry hated it, but of course he did. Harry was a normal kid. But to James, Travis, and Brian, it was this odd, but also warm kind of tradition that made opening gifts more intimate, and made the experience last longer.It felt more... familial. Homely. It drew him even closer to his parents, his brothers, and his uncles. He found himself yearning for it again, which is probably why he was so mad he didn't get to go home to begin with.When he emerged from the shower, dressed in his favorite Metallica shirt and humble, torn up, acid washed jeans, he found Travis and Brian, tired, but patiently waiting with all of their presents stacked in between two beds. They grinned and chorused, "Merry Christmas!"Returning his own lopsided grin, they all sat, cross legged in a circle. Travis, being the oldest, opened James and their Dad's gift first. He almost cried at seeing a raggedy old baseball enclosed in bullet proof glass, signed by old Babe Ruth himself. Brian opened his gift from Mom first, and happily cheered as held aloft a book of guitar tabs on the latest Metallica album. James neatly unfolded his gift from Hagrid, a box of his infamous rock cakes.On it went. Workout gear. Guitar strings. A brand new, high quality skateboard. Hand knit sweaters with their initials on them, made special at the hands of Molly Weasley. Rock cakes. Sweets. New, Ravenclaw specific robes. Books. Every gift picked in perfect detail to make their hearts smile a bit, and make the gray, cold world seem a bit more colorful, feel just a bit more warmer.It wasn't as perfect as last year, but it would do.…The castle was almost completely deserted, now, so James didn't get the usual harassment for riding his new skateboard down to the Great Hall. It had been decorated by Hagrid, McGonagall, and Flitwick into a winter wonder land, with charmed snowflakes falling from the sky, boughs of holly strung up all around, and garishly bedecked pines stuffed into every corner one could be shoved in. The entire Hall was warm with blazing fire, but had a dazzling, snow-white glow that made it look like an ice palace.Taking seats at the Gryffindor table, they joined Harry and the Weasley's for breakfast. They had promised Hermione they'd all search for Nicholas Flamel, but had been too wrapped up in the Christmas atmosphere and the free time to really do any digging, and as such, spent most of break in either of their respective Common Rooms, plotting ways to get Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle expelled, getting slaughtered by Ron at wizard's chess, and other antics.Today, they just sat and enjoyed breakfast in comfortable silence, for the most part. Percy looked uncomfortable in his Weasley sweater. Fred and George forced him into it and made him sit with them, for a change, but despite his awkwardness, managed to make a bit of small talk.After breakfast, they took to the grounds and got into a snow ball war. Fred and George sided with the Ravenclaws while Hagrid led Harry, Ron and Percy into creating a huge snow fort, forcing their opponents to think creatively on how to attack. The snow ball battle came to a climax when Fred and James came up with the idea to formulate an air attack with brooms. This would've worked, it not for Ron heroically coming up with an idea to weaponize Fang's drool and project it at them with the Leviosa spell, like miniature flak ice.Dripping wet from melting snow and dog drool, they broke for lunch in Hagrid's hut with soaring spirits. James and Fred regaled an appalled Percy with tales of their most memorable pranks, from within Hogwarts and at the orphanage while Hagrid passed around a beef stew.The rest of the afternoon was spent ice skating across the Lake, at Hagrid's behest. James, Harry, and Brian had two left feet when it came to it, and begrudgingly had to take lessons from Percy while everyone else all but raced around the frozen lake.Christmas dinner was the excellent night cap they all could've hoped for. Hundreds of fat, roasted turkeys joined baked and boiled potatoes and many other goodies. Dumbledore himself provided the few students and all the faculty with wizard crackers, which exploded in clouds of red and green dust and gifted party favors. James himself scored his own miniature wizards chess board, a rememberall which he traded away for a deck of enchanted playing cards, and a magic snow-globe that accurately told the time, date, and location of where it was.Dumbledore had traded his usual pointed wizards hat for a pretty floral bonnet capped with holly berries, and had loosened the school's rules regarding alcohol for the staff, leading to the professors partaking in his personal stock of wine. Flitwick happily abandoned the staff table, joining them for dessert and drunkenly regaled them with tales of when he was younger, and told them in exquisite detail of his dueling days. Hagrid led a loud, boisterous toast to the Potter twins for their "contributions to society," making James and Harry uncomfortable as all gathered in the Great Hall cheered them. Hagrid then swooped down and gave McGonagall a wet, sloppy kiss on the cheek, making her own flushed face darker and leading her to giggle girlishly.McGonagall. Giggling. Girlishly.As the feast wound down to a close, Dumbledore, Hagrid, and Flitwick joined their table and James, Travis, and Brian taught them how to play five card poker, which wouldn't have even been possible given the usual rules, but Dumbledore had been insistent on James teaching them with his new deck of cards. Using turkey bones and snapped wizard cracker pieces as chips, they played poker well into the early morning hours, until Hagrid, of all people, cleared them all out of "chips."…The next day, Harry sat by a weary eyed, groggy James at the breakfast table."Meet me in the Gryffindor common room later, I need to show you something," he whispered into James ear before tearing into his bacon.James planned on going up there anyways, so when he finished breakfast, let Brian sleep in and didn't bother tracking Travis down, and headed straight for the Gryffindor common. As soon as he gave the Fat Lady her password, he was grabbed by Harry and led to his dorm. It was cozy, with dark reds and small windows, giving it a warmth the Ravenclaw dorms forwent in favor of vaulted ceilings and more open visuals."Check this out," Harry gushed as he pulled a note out of an envelope. In the note, in elaborate, loopy handwriting, it was written,Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well. A Very Merry Christmas to you James quirked an eyebrow, looking at Harry, clueless, as his twin held up a dark purple cloak from his trunk."Its... a satin cloak?"Harry grinned, and flung it over his shoulders, promptly making his body disappear. James's eyes bugged out of his head."OHMYGODOHMYGODOHMYGOD!" James squealed."Isn't this wicked?!""Gimme gimme gimme!" James flung himself into the cloak and holding up his now invisble arm in wonder."We can sneak out every night and never get caught!" Harry cried victoriously."We can sneak into anywhere into the castle!" James agreed."We can knick sweets from the kitchen!" Harry laughed."We can steal books from the Forbidden Section of the library!" James sobbed joyously."We can go stargazing without being nabbed by Filch!" Harry dreamed."We can pulled pranks right in front of people's faces!" James roared."We can explore the Forbidden Forest!" Harry clapped."We can raid Snape's potions stores!" James cackled."We can see what's beyond the door Fluffy's guarding!" Harry gushed."We can-" James paused and gave his twin an impressed look. "That's brilliant.""What?" Harry asked."Harry, that is brilliant! We don't have to find Nicholas Flamel, we can just get to the package immediately!"Harry gave James a look of wide eyed wonder. "Tonight, then?"James gave a rare, full mouth smile. "Tonight."…"Well, that didn't work out liked I planned," James gasped as he and Harry sank against the door Fluffy was once again secured behind."How did he see us?" Harry cried quietly."He didn't," James muttered, yanking the invisibility cloak off them. "I think he smelled us. I am so stupid! Why didn't I think of that?""What's that noise!" the familiar voice of Argus Flich called out."Oh no," James whispered as he tugged Harry to his feet as his twin yanked the cloak over their heads. "C'mon!"Filch came around the third door corridor, Mrs. Norris at his feet. Her lamplike eyes pierced his, even under the cloak, making him seize. Harry grabbed his elbow in a painful pinch, and urged him forward. Filch passed them by, sweeping his lantern in frantic motions looking for them while Mrs. Norris never took he eyes off of them. Filch caught on, then, and swept the air where they stood, missing them only because Harry pulled them back."Peeves!" Filch thundered suddenly. "Stop pulling the wool over me eyes, you damn creature!""C'mon," Harry urged James, and they took off, James purposely stepping on Mrs. Norris's matted, furry tail as they passed before running as fast they could away. Mrs. Norris seemed to have them pegged, though, and followed them as they tried to get away. Filch wasn't anywhere near, having ran for the dungeons, but she dogged them around every corner, every staircase, and every turn.James, tired of it, pulled Harry into an abandoned room, the only one with a wide open door. Slamming the ajar door into Mrs. Norris's face, James shucked the cloak off and gasped fresh air into his lungs, nerves frayed from being chased by the mangy, skeletal cat."S'pose we got a good minute or two before Filch realizes Norris ain't with him, 'nother before she runs off to go find him," James muttered quietly, but Harry wasn't responding. Instead, he was standing, cloak around his left arm, in front of an oddly placed, tall mirror in the center of the room. "Um, Harry? Maybe you shouldn't stare into the obviously magical, weird mirror?""C'mere," Harry waved at him."Aw, hell nah," James pointed a finger at him. "This has 'terrible choice' mixed with 'obvious plot device' written all over it, and I don't trust it."Harry didn't respond, just looked at the mirror, smiled, and turned behind him, frowning. He repeated this process a few more time before James began to worry about his mental health. Harry then tapped the mirror's reflective surface, and gasped. "Seriously! C'mere, I see mom standing up on her own and everything!"Raising a suspicious eyebrow, James inched forward, and took the mirror in, in its entirety. It reached clear to the ceiling, had a perfectly reflective surface with no mars, dots, smears, or age-related imperfections like other ancient mirrors he'd seen. It was trimmed with ornate, intricrately moulded gold, and had written on the top, "Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi." When James looked back down at his reflection... he saw nothing. Him and Harry. "I thought you said you saw mom.""I did!" Harry insisted pointing at the reflection over his left shoulder. "I do! Her and dad are happy and standing, with Grandma and Grandpa and everyone else with us, happy!"James cocked his head a bit, and squinted. Harry watched him with bated breath, but James merely lunged forward and poked his nose. "Man! I gotta black head!""How do you not see them?" Harry demanded. James's answer was cut off by the distant sound of Filch's wheezing. James slugged Harry on the shoulder. "We'll have to discuss your mental health later, right now, that's our sign to get outta here."…"Okay, pass me some of the rat spleens," Fred instructed later the next night. "And some of the tuna."James handed the twin the ingredients, and sat back against the wall, working on his drawing for their potion's label. He and Harry agreed to return to the mirror with Ron later that night, when things weren't so hot. Moaning Myrtle popped her head out from her toilet and looked at him suspiciously. He stuck his tongue out at her, and she sobbed her way back into the S-bend of her toilet."How did you come across this piece of lovely real estate, Fred?""Hm?" Fred asked, popping his head out of his "trouble cauldron" and looking at James through a pair of goggles. "Oh, Myrtle's bathroom? Katie Bell mentioned it to me back in first year, we've been using it ever since for our experimental stuff. You have that catnip?""Yeah," James answered, handing him the bag of bruised flowers and leaves. "So this place is completely abandoned?""Well, a girl may come in here if they have to drain their beaker really bad, but they usually keep it in, because of her," Fred motioned his head to the sobbing toilet. "She does a good job of keeping the girls away by reputation alone.""Huh," James grunted as he doodled around on his notepad some more. The words KitteeKrak were imposed in bubble letters, and a couple of oddly cartoonized cats rolling around the letters covered the page. He started filling in the bubbles with a light hatching pattern, and looked up. "Almost done?""Just a-boot," Fred answered, holding up a ladle of the oily, slightly viscous fluid. It reeked of fish, mint, and half-rotten meat. "Wanna try some?""No, thanks.""Too bad. Though I suppose it wouldn't work on a mouse, though, would it?""Shut up!" James scolded, playfully tossing the notepad at Fred, who caught it."What's this? KitteeKrak? Is that what our concoction's called, now?""Well, it does take the euphoric properties of catnip and enhances them, just like a narcotic. Why not?"Fred looked down at the picture and grinned whimsically. "Hey, you mind if I keep a copy of this, mate?""Go ahead. Well, is it done? Is it ready for a test run with our favorite cat we all love to hate?""We can do it right now, if you want."James shook his head and looked down at his watch. "Nah, I gotta go meet- crap, I'm an hour late! We'll go through with this the day term starts, aight?""Sounds good, mate. G'night.""Night."James sprinted towards the Ravenclaw common room door. As soon as he got there, he whispered, "Harry?"No answer. Harry had been stood up.…The next day, Ron had decided that the mirror was dangerous. He couldn't stop thinking about what he had seen, telling them as much and urged them not to go back.But, Harry and James, being Harry and James, told him they wouldn't and actually did.There were too many questions James had about the mirror. Why did Harry see his family, and Ron see glory, when James couldn't see anything? Why was something like that even at Hogwarts? Why did its maker write the inscription in a code?So, the following night, Harry and James, joined by Travis and Brian, found themselves kneeling in front of the teasing mirror, Harry with his hand on the glass in admiration, James poking it with his finger in investigation."So you don't see anything?" Brian asked as he, too, gazed into the mirror."Nope," James responded, as he wrote notes down in his pad. "What do you see?""I'm a famous musician," Brian said. There was obviously somethinng else, but it seemed to disturb him, so James didn't press."Interesting... What about you, Travers?"Travis shook his head. "Nah, man, I'm with Ron. I ain't looking at that thing.""Harry, what do you think this thing does?" Brian asked, as he poked his reflection."Dunno," Harry slurred in answer, gazing dreamily at the mirror. He looked torn between extreme happiness and utter despair. Their grandparents were right there, in the mirror, so close he could touch them. But they weren't actually there. James noted this on his notepad. He had brought it so he could jot down notes on the mirror to reference later, and possibly help in researching what the mirror really was.James was struck by inspiration, then. He began writing the letters on the inscription backwards. "I show not your face, but your heart's desire," James whispered, as Travis looked over his shoulder.They had only been there a half hour when a kind, mystical sounding voice called to them "So back again, James? Harry? I see you have found and unraveled the great pleasures of the Mirror of Erised."James froze on the spot and looked at the mirror. "Harry, did grandpa just talk to us?" And then he saw the reflection of the tall, thin, and at that moment imposing figure of Albus Dumbledore."No, but I think he did," Harry answered between gulping in fear."So sorry, Professor," James stammered, grabbing his notepad and Harry as he stood up. "We didn't-"Dumbledore waved his hands in nonchalance. "Not a matter, James, not a matter. Though I must say, how nearsighted we all come when we become invisible.""Indeed, sir," James answered, playing along. If it meant not getting in trouble, why not say you were an ignorant idiot?"No need to agree with everything I say, James. You are not, indeed, a fool. You only got caught because I knew you would come to find this wonderfully dreadful piece of magic.""Right, er… sir.""So, you four, like hundreds before you, have found the delights offered by the Mirror of Erised.""I guess," Harry replied, holding his gaze to his feet. "Well, not exactly… I didn't even know that was what it was called.""Oh?" Dumbledore asked inquisitively, looking down his crooked nose at them with twinkling eyes."Well, James hasn't really…""What do you mean?""James doesn't see anything," James answered in third person. "He only sees himself, as he is."Dumbledore chuckled at James' brand of sarcastic, annoyed humor. "You do not see… anything?""Nope. Zero. Zilch, nada… you get the picture."Dumbledore gazed at James thoughtfully, as if he had grown another head and that it hadn't surprised him, but rather made him want to study it. "And you, Harry, see your family, as Mr. Gates sees himself as a prominent musician and family man, as your friend, Ron Weasley, so wrapped in being the forgotten Weasley son, sees himself surpassing his brothers in a swath of glory.""How-""It doesn't require an Invisibility Cloak to make me disappear.""You were spying on us," James stated simply.Dumbledore gave James a "studying" look again. "In essence, I guess I was.""What are you up to?" James demanded. "You set this up, didn't you?"Dumbledore turned his head a bit and frowned, looking down his nose slightly at James, regarding him. "Whatever do you mean?" he asked softly."The mirror is yours," James answered, partly as a question."That's correct," the old Headmaster responded stoicaly."Which means you put it here""Also a good assumption.""More than an assumption. I've read all about you. Nobody does anything you don't want them to."Dumbledore gave a small, sad smile. "If only that were true.""May not be completely true," James riposted with a pointed finger, but waved his hand at the mirror. "But when it comes to your stuff, I'm sure you wouldn't just let Filch or Hagrid dump this hunk a junk here without telling them to do it."Dumbledore held his hands up. "I concede your point.""You also have loopy handwriting, don't you?"Dumbledore cocked his head and grinned, as the light bulbs exploded in Harry's head."It was you!" Harry exclaimed, pointing his finger at the headmaster. "You were the one to give me the cloak!""Guilty as charged, I guess," Dumbledore held his hands up. "Yes, I borrowed it from your father years ago. I merely felt it was right to return it to its rightful owners... you.""Bull," James called, eyes narrowed. "You knew we'd use it, and throw this-" he motioned at the mirror again. "-in here, hoping we'd find it.""A bold assumption," Dumbledore shot back with a smile and a quirked eyebrow. "Tell me, clever boy, have you figured out what this mirror does?""It shows people something they want," James replied not a second after Harry yanked James's notes from his hands. "'I show not your face, but your heart's desire,' it's the inscription on the top, only backwards.""Yes, indeed," the Headmaster agreed, turning his face to look at James. "Your clever prowess continues to amaze the staff and I as well, James.""Thank you," James shrugged. "Now about-""No thanks are needed. A simple statement of fact… but I digress. Allow me to explain the powers behind this mysterious mirror."Dumbledore turned and rested himself upon a desk, motioning for them to follow. James growled at his questioning being waved off, but they sat, and Dumbledore proceeded to account for Erised's power."The happiest man on Earth could gaze upon that scratched and dented pane of glass and see himself, as he is. Does that help?""Not really," Travis muttered."Yeah, sure," James muttered sarcastically. "You're telling me that I'm the happiest man on Earth?""You're not even old enough to be considered half a man," Brian joked, punching James in the arm playfully.James swatted at his brother. "Watch it!"Dumbledore chuckled and waved for them to calm down. Harry then sat and thought for a moment. "So it shows us what we want. Whatever we want.""Yes," Dumbledore bobbed his head around, as if the answer sounded fishy and he was looking for a better answer. "And no. It shows us nothing more than our deepest, most desperate desires in the world. You, Harry, who have never known the eldest part of your family, looked into the mirror and saw them with the rest of your family, as if they had not left this realm of existence, with your mother happy and healthy as she should be. You, Mr. Gates, sees your biggest passion as a means to make a living, being happy and free of that which shackles you to reality. Ronald Weasley, who has always been in the shadow of his eldest brothers and almost forgotten due to his younger sister, saw himself in a position of power and glory, having stepped out of their ever lingering shadow.""To put it poetically," James agreed."Indeed," Dumbledore acquiesced. "And you, James. You are the most puzzling, because no man is truly the happiest, or so happy to have no lingering desires. You do not see yourself as Mr. Weasley, for you see no one's shadow to encompass you. You never even saw a picture of your grandparents, never knew your mother as healthy and don't even see her as disabled, so wishing them to be here, in their prime, has never crossed your mind. You seem to just live your life, day to day, as it comes, with no ambitions but to live the life given to you, day to day."James realized with a start that the batty old coot may have had a point. James had been perfectly happy living in the now, and just… going with the flow."Ah… the understanding has come to its peak," Dumbledore smiled. "You now know after the hours you have spent this day why you, of all people, do not see anything but yourself in that mirror. You have everything you ever wanted," Dumbledore elaborated, pointing at Harry, Travis, and Brian before patting a long, slender finger on James Dean's chest, just above his heart. "You have that."James looked down at the desk, slightly troubled. "I have everything I want… but doesn't that make me selfish? Shouldn't I want my grandparents alive? Or to see my mother out of a wheelchair, or-""My boy, that is anything but selfish. You are a follower of the Christian faith, yes?""Uh... not really. I just grew up in it.""Then at the very least, you know that things outside of your control happens, with or without reason, and that what has happened, can't be undone. That is why you live for now. You know better than anyone to just… what's the muggle expression? 'Grin and bear it?' Sound about right?"James nodded, but not feeling any better about it."I now must encourage you all to not return. Staring at a mirror full of unattainable dreams is not in anyone's favor. Even if you were to come back, you'd find the mirror has been moved to a better, more favorable position, and it wouldn't do to have any students caught out of bed after hours."Harry and James stood and went for the door, knowing that they were dismissed."And James?"James turned and regarded the headmaster, who had not moved a muscle from his spot on the desk. He made it look frighteningly small to James. "Yeah?""Living for the now is a very good philosophy for happiness, but I fear there will come a day when you will have to inevitably live for the future, and have to concern yourself with the machinations of people you want nothing to do with. I hope, for the sake of all that we hold dear, that day comes soon. However, I also wish, for the sake of your own happiness, that day never has to come.""Right," James nodded, not understanding Dumbledore's prediction."Sir, may I ask a question?""You already have, Harry, but I will grace you with another.""What do you see in the mirror?"Dumbledore looked long and hard at Harry. He seemed to have gone off to another place and time, and was having bitter memories about it. "A pair of socks. No one can ever have enough socks."
