Wow, I'm back. The world is crazy right now, but I'm excited to start writing again. This plot bunny has been bugging me for a while. It demanded to be written!Fair warning here, this story is different. I mean really different. So if you've been brought here because you followed one of my other stories, brace yourselves. We're in unchartered territory. And if you're a fan of K-drama you'll appreciate this one. I've been inspired by a couple of classic K-dramas I adore (let me know if you're a K-fan and you recognise them!). So get ready to hop onto the angst-train. Yep, that's right. Angst ahead! As always, this will be a slow burn between our two favourites.I hope this first chapter doesn't scare you off. Let me know what you think!Characters belong to JKR.…Chapter One………As the sun dipped low in the evening sky, Draco sat wearily at his desk, gripping his hair in his hands and trying to ignore the tension in his neck and shoulders. After a long day at work, he'd been more than ready to pack his bags and go home. It'd been a day full of meeting after meeting as they signed the contracts for a new venture they were exploring. He'd been swarmed by an endless stream of lawyers tidying up every last detail of the contract for hours now.Malfoy Enterprises had grown in leaps and bounds these last few years. Once he'd trimmed the company's less reputable connections down and removed the corruption that had been prolific under Lucius's tenure as director, he'd finally been able to capitalise on its potential. With the economic boom that had begun shortly after the war, he'd made some smart investments in new start-ups and markets, and now it was one of the most successful companies in wizarding Britain.His mood that day had been optimistic, buoyant even.And now this.Theodore Nott sat opposite him, shuffling some papers around as he laid out the forms that the Ministry of Magic had sent over via owl that afternoon."So that's it? The appeal was just…denied?"Theo nodded with a sneer."Bloody bastards," the other man quipped as he drew out the correct document from the bundle, "Here – you can see for yourself what their justification was..."Draco snatched the paper and devoured the lines that Theo had highlighted with a tab. His hands were shaking with anger as he read it aloud.The Ministry of Magic Prisoner Reform Program hereby DENIES the appeal for the release of Prisoner 36743, Narcissa Aurora Malfoy into familial custody.The Wizengamot appreciates that the prisoner has shown evidence of personal rehabilitation, however it is clear that the nominated representative from her immediate family* does not currently meet the requirements for acting as a parole custodian. It is the opinion of this court that Mr D. Malfoy's own former ties to the group formerly known as the Death Eaters makes him an unsuitable candidate to take custody of the prisoner for the duration of her parole period.*Note: No other immediate family available as substitute.Sincerely,Mafalda Hopkirk Draco scrunched the parchment up and threw it with deadly accuracy into the fireplace nearby, slamming his hand down onto his desk in anger as he watched the paper burn with a grim satisfaction. Theo raised one eyebrow questioningly, gesturing to another sheet nearby."Good thing I already made copies," he muttered, observing his friend and waiting for the inevitable tide of outrage that would come."What the bloody hell am I supposed to do now?" Draco yelled, standing up and starting to pace across the mantle."You may just have to wait. Your mother only has five more years left on her sentence…""She won't survive another five years! You saw her last week; that place is killing her.""We tried appealing on medical grounds already," Theo sighed, "Apparently the Wizengamot feel that chronic pneumonia isn't deadly enough to warrant action. Wankers."Draco leaned against the fireplace, cradling his head in his hands."She's dying, Theo! She doesn't deserve this. My mother was forced into this bloody mess just as much as I was. But because she wasn't a minor at the time she gets Azkaban and I get pardoned? It's not fair."Draco tried to take a deep breath to calm himself. He'd been fighting this battle for years. It had been six years since the final battle that had seen the end of Voldemort. It had been more than five years since the ministry had aggressively prosecuted all the former death eaters and purged the wizarding world of their evil.Draco had been very lucky indeed. If it hadn't been for the reluctant testimony of Harry Potter, he wouldn't have made it at all, he knew. But his mother had not been so fortunate. She had housed the Dark Lord in her own home for months. All the events that had taken place at Malfoy Manor could be tied back to her as the manor's hostess, no matter how little she'd actually wanted to be involved. And with Lucius killed during that final battle there was nobody else to blame. She was a scapegoat of sorts.But she certainly didn't deserve to die a slow, painful death behind bars.And now he was being told that he was the reason she couldn't be released. They'd pursued this new reform eagerly when it had been announced. It allowed low-risk prisoners with pristine records to be released to an immediate family member for a parole period. But because of his own murky past, he now wasn't good enough to be her custodian?Draco wanted to throw something else in anger, or better yet storm down to the Ministry and start hexing people.Instead he collapsed into his chair once more, his elbows landing on his expensive mahogany desk with a distinctive thunk."What am I going to do now?" he groaned.Theo contemplated his notes for a while, his expression thoughtful. The other former Slytherin student had been his close friend now for many years. Both of them knew what it was like to have a sadistic murdering bastard for a father. After the war had ended they had rekindled their casual acquaintance from school and it had grown into a genuine friendship. When Theo had received his legal degree from Pendragon University, Draco had immediately hired him as his personal attorney. The other man was clever, cunning and never gave up until he'd won. A consummate Slytherin.Theo leaned back, observing Draco over his linked fingers as he took a steady breath."Well… I suppose there are really only two viable solutions if you're determined to get her out on a custody bond.""What are they?" he asked eagerly.Theo held up his index and middle fingers to count the two options as he spoke."Option number one – you find the right person to bribe or blackmail in the Wizengamot. It's illegal, obviously, and carries some risk of being arrested yourself... but it's a tried and tested method I'm sure your father used on numerous occasions."Draco closed his eyes for a moment as his heart thudded. The thought of doing something so corrupt, something so much like Lucius would have done made him feel sick."And the other option?""Simple. Clean up your image."Draco gave him a dubious look."Theo, I'm one of the richest bloody people in Britain and I employ hundreds of wizards and witches across my different companies. I treat my employees well. I make profits honestly and ethically. I don't smoke or drink to excess. I don't sleep around. What more do they want? All they see is this."He pushed up his sleeve impatiently. The dark mark was no longer quite so black as it used to be, but it was still very evident there, seared onto his skin forever.Theo clucked his tongue, pointing at the mark with a jab of his finger."Exactly! This is about your moral image. Yes you were a Death Eater, willingly or not. So you need to do something to change that perception.""Like what?" he growled."You could give a big donation to that Muggleborn Restitution charity? Or start an organisation to help war veterans or something?""It can't be that easy," Draco grumbled, "and anyway, it's not like I go around kicking puppies or anything. I give plenty of money to charity.""Yes but you still come across as just so… pureblood."Theo said the word sarcastically, with a quirk of his eyebrows. The term had almost become an insult in the years following the war. The wizarding world had changed a lot since then, mostly for the better."It is rather trendy to adopt a more muggle lifestyle," he agreed, wondering how on earth he could do so in a short space of time, quick enough to save his mother from her hellish situation.The two friends were quiet for a while, both contemplating the question. Then Theo suddenly snorted and slapped his hand to his forehead."Now that's an idea…" his friend exclaimed thoughtfully as a mischievous grin stretched his lips like the cat that got the canary."What?" Draco asked with a trickle of apprehension."Oh you're not going to like it. But it certainly would be the easiest and most effective strategy!""What is it Theo?" he demanded."You could just marry a muggleborn!"There was an awkward pause after Theo had announced this, during which Draco looked at him darkly."What?""Don't look at me like that! It's an ideal solution.""You've gone insane."Theo grinned, leaning forwards eagerly."Come on, surely you're not still pretending you're put off by muggleborns are you?""Of course not! But how exactly do you expect me to find a decent muggleborn witch, date her, fall in love and get married all in time to save my mother from certain death?"Theo scoffed loudly, rolling his eyes."Fall in love? What are you, twelve years old? You can just pay someone to marry you."Draco gave him a look of disgust."Pay someone? Are you out of your mind?""Well why not? It would just be a contract! A business arrangement. It wouldn't have to be a real marriage or anything. You can stage the wedding, pay the witch an allowance for a couple of years, then get divorced."Draco actually threw his hands in the air, feeling thrown by the suggestion."That's crazy! It's totally out of the question.""It would work, I bet," Theo insisted, gesturing down at the papers in front of him, "then you'd have someone in the household who directly contradicted your image as a former death eater. An actual muggleborn witch! An heroic survivor of the war against You-Know-Who!""Enough!" Draco yelled with a disbelieving expression, "I am not marrying some stranger and paying her to keep quiet!"Theo sighed."Alright, but for the record it's a brilliant idea.""It really isn't!"The other man shrugged."You may as well. It's not like you give any other witch the time of day. All these years you've barely dated anyone.""I've been busy! I've been building this company back up from the cesspool Lucius created-""Still! You could have dated a bit more. There have been plenty of witches who've shown an interest."Draco snorted, running his hands through his hair."And every time you've set me up with one, they've always been the same. Boring. Desperate. Or just plain stupid. Why can't you find me a woman who can hold a decent conversation?"Theo looked at him like he was crazy."Conversation? Now I know you've got issues. Just have some fun!"Draco sighed and looked towards the fireplace."Easier said than done."Theo stood and began to gather the documents together into a pile."Well you're going to have to agree to something. I'll look into our options, bend the ear of some court officials and see whether a few charitable donations would be enough to help. Otherwise… you might need to consider 'Plan B' a little more seriously."Draco tiredly rubbed at his eyes."Merlin I hope it doesn't come to that… I can only imagine in my worst nightmares the kind of desperate witch you'd have me marry in that scenario."Theo just laughed as he left the office, calling back over his shoulder,"You'd be surprised what money can buy, Draco my man! Just wait and see!"……...Hermione sat nervously in the sterile hospital room, staring blankly at the four white walls around her. There were a couple of bland landscape paintings adorning the walls, but otherwise there was nothing to occupy her mind. Instead she ran through a list of things she needed to buy for the week.Groceries, a new pair of shoes, that phone bill…Doing the maths in her head, she wondered how much would be left over.Not enough."Miss Granger?"With a jolt of surprise, Hermione realised that someone was calling her name. The nurse smiled at her distraction and led her down the hallway and into one of the pristine consultation rooms. St Mungo's was a sprawling maze of different wings and wards. She'd completely lost track of where they'd sent her today.As she waited for the medi-witch to arrive, she sighed, fidgeting with one loose curl that had escaped her braid.What a lot of fuss, she huffed to herself, all over a simple fall. She admitted she'd been eating rather poorly lately, and had clearly been dehydrated and under a lot of stress. Was it really any surprise that she'd collapsed in the middle of the local park yesterday afternoon?A rushed trip to the hospital and a few unnecessary tests later and she was home and fine again! So why was she being called back today? There were definitely better things she could be doing with her time.Hermione drummed her fingers impatiently on the table top in front of her.She supposed it was Sophie who'd finally convinced her to go to this appointment. Her daughter had been terribly upset and distressed by yesterday's events. She'd sat next to her mother sobbing hysterically until someone had been alerted and had come over to help. Fortunately a kindly neighbour had been nearby to hear the little girl's screams.And as much time as she'd spent reassuring her daughter last night that she was fine, she knew little Sophie was too stubborn to let it drop until she had incontrovertible proof.They only had each other, after all.And Sophie was like a protective little lioness.Hermione loved her daughter more than anything on this earth. To say she was a bit of a surprise was an understatement. She certainly hadn't been planning to have a child at the very young age of twenty. But it seemed that fate (and one faulty contraceptive potion) had other ideas. And now she wouldn't have it any other way.Her thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of a Medi-Witch, her bright lime robes swishing around her portly form as she came in to sit opposite Hermione. The woman had a kindly but serious expression on her face."Good afternoon, Miss Granger. I'm Doctor Seeley. Thank you for making the time so soon to come in.""Of course," she replied politely, "I just want to get this over with to be honest. I've certainly learned my lesson about skipping breakfast."The Medi-Witch sighed, leaning forwards to lace her fingers together."Miss Granger… the tests done yesterday would indicate that there is something else going on. I read through your records. There were some notes made by your obstetrician from when you were pregnant. For how long before that had you been experiencing dizzy episodes? Muscle spasms?"Hermione blinked in surprise, thinking of the tremors she would get in her fingers occasionally, her terrible headaches and the cramps she suffered in her arms and legs."Uh…well… it's been about six years or so in total now.""Six years," the doctor repeated thoughtfully, her quill taking notes independently as she observed her patient thoughtfully over her interlaced fingers, "Forgive me for asking, Miss Granger but, knowing you of course by reputation, is it possible that these symptoms could be linked to an injury sustained during the war?"Hermione swallowed, squirming a bit uncomfortably in her seat."Well…maybe, I guess. The tremors started sometime after…I think… well, there was this one incident…"Her stammering voice trailed off as she choked on the words, the memories overwhelming her a bit as she gathered her courage."I believe you were tortured by Death Eaters," the doctor prompted gently, "If indeed the many stories written after the war are to be believed," she added.Hermione nodded. She drew in a deep breath and answered weakly,"Yes but… but it's been years since then…"The doctor nodded with a grimace."Indeed. However, there are certain curses that can continue to produce complications years later. Especially after a single, prolonged exposure. The body fights back at first and can succeed for a while. But these things cause damage we might not be able to see or even feel at first that re-emerge later.""So…what does that mean? What's wrong with me exactly?"Doctor Seeley leaned back in her chair. Her expression was tender but professional as she observed her patient."Let me be frank, Miss Granger. I was called in by my colleagues after your tests came back yesterday due to the nature of your illness.""My… my illness?"The Medi-Witch nodded solemnly."I specialise in Terminal Curse Wounds. I often help patients to assess their options and cope with trauma caused by inoperable masses of dark magic.""Woah… hold on. What the hell are you talking about?""Miss Granger… Hermione," she said more softly, showing some sympathy in her features now as she leaned forwards, "the torture you endured has left a dark mass in your brain. It's probably been growing there for years. It's spread through your core magic and is also infecting your nervous system. Am I right in assuming you don't actually use magic very much?""Uh…no," she answered blankly, "I mean yes… I hardly ever use magic at home. I'm…I'm a…""It's quite common for muggleborn witches and wizards to use less magic in their day-to-day lives. It's likely that living a more muggle lifestyle has actually helped prolong your good health this long. Increased magic use may have allowed the darkness to spread more rapidly."Hermione knew her mind was shutting down in several key areas as she tried to absorb all this. She felt fuzzy and confused."But… but what can we do about it? How do we get rid of it?" she asked in a shaky voice. The Medi-witch paused for a moment as if giving her time to prepare."There is currently no viable option to remove the mass using surgery or aggressive anti-curse spells. It's too intricately wrapped around your brain and any attempt to do so might prove fatal.""What are you saying?" she asked desperately, her head spinning wildly, "what can we do then?"Doctor Seeley sighed, pursing her lips sadly."Your best course of action is starting a treatment of potions to try and reduce the spread. But I should stress that it is likely to only give you more time…"Hermione's body began to feel numb. As the Medi-Witch continued talking, she found herself nodding unconsciously, the other woman's voice fading into a hum as she listed statistics and chances, each more depressing than the last. Hermione's eyes grew blank as she stared ahead, not really sure what she was supposed to do, or how to act. Her back was stiff and straight as she absorbed the information listlessly.Ten per cent chance of recovery if we can reduce its growth…6 months, maybe a year…Rigorous treatment…Side effects…nausea…vomiting…High cost due to the rare nature of the ingredients…Hermione blinked and pulled herself out of her trance-like state as she absorbed the last detail like a shock to her system."Wh…what did you say?"Doctor Seeley cocked her head to the side and looked at her sympathetically."The treatment is very expensive unfortunately. The ingredients are incredibly rare, and a single course of potions can cost around twenty thousand galleons."Hermione felt a twisting sensation in her gut and for a brief moment she thought might actually be sick all over the witch's pristine white desk."Twenty thousand galleons?" she repeated dumbly, her face turning pale as her jaw clenched shut to stop herself from crying out."Your medical insurance should be able to cover about 10% of that amount, so you'll only have to contribute another eighteen or so yourself.""Eighten?" she echoed again, her voice hollow.And then it was all over. The appointment came to an end with the professional witch rushing her through the details and making follow up appointments. She insisted that Hermione consider her choices quickly and return to book in a time to start her treatment once she was able to access her funds, urging her to start as soon a possible.Hermione wandered from the office in a daze.For a moment she couldn't even remember how to get out of the building, slowly retracing her steps through the endless winding corridors until she recognised a particularly dull painting of a herd of sheep in a wide green paddock. The shepherd gave her a cheerful wave as she hurried past, tipping his hat to her in a merry fashion.Hermione picked up her pace, escaping through a set of large bronze doors and out into the entrance hall of the hospital. The air felt slightly cooler out here and she gulped in a few breaths as people rushed around her, going about their business as they jostled and bumped her shoulders. The blur of motion was too much and for a moment she leaned against a nearby railing, trying to draw breath into her lungs and failing miserably.A cheerful gong sounded through the hall, reverberating from the tall grandfather clock next to the portrait of founder Mungo Bonham that graced the main wall of the entrance.Hermione blinked at the clock in surprise.Eight o'clock!She gasped and clutched at her handbag, her heart skipping unpleasantly as she realised how late it was.Sophie…She had to get home. Hermione had left her daughter hours ago with a promise to return soon. The little girl was probably worrying herself sick over where her mummy had got to and what was the matter with her.Oh god…Sophie…No. She couldn't think about it now. Not now. Not in front of her daughter. There was no time for theatrics at the moment or silly displays of emotion. She just needed to get home.Hermione rushed outside to the apparition point, drawing her wand into her clammy palm and trying desperately to focus on the location where she wanted to appear. She really hoped she didn't splinch herself.With a crack she found herself outside her home and breathed a sigh of relief that she'd made it in one piece. Looking up at the little old cottage on the hill, Hermione felt herself shudder violently.She clenched her hands into fists and focused on one thing and one thing only.Sophie.Her daughter needed her. As she rallied herself and tried to control the trembling in her legs, Hermione made her way up the winding path to the front door of the cottage. The windows were cracked and there were tiles falling off the roof in several places. There was so much to do. They'd only just moved in. And even though the place was practically falling down around them, it was the best she could afford. Sophie needed a proper home. She was hoping she could fix it up and make it look nicer over time.Ignoring the rotting wood on the front door, she gently turned the key, forcing it open when it got stuck halfway.It was suspiciously quiet inside. The usual sounds of Sophie laughing and playing were not to be found. Hermione closed the door behind her, smelling something slightly burnt but still welcome coming from the kitchen."Mione! You're back!"Hermione took a deep, steadying breath as she turned to face the curly haired smile of Lavender Brown. The girl was still strikingly pretty despite the deep scar the marred her left cheek, a cruel gift left to her by the werewolf Greyback during the final battle. Somehow, though, she still always managed to look both confident and glamorous anyway."I'm so sorry Lav! I had no idea I'd be gone so long, and then I had to wait for ages-"Lavender waved off her stream of apologies with a dainty hand, shrugging nonchalantly."That's okay, silly! Everything's fine here. Sophie's just gone to bed actually. She waited up as long as she could, but the little squirt just couldn't keep her eyes open after a while. Don't worry, I gave her a bath and we've eaten dinner too. I'm a crap cook, but pasta was easy enough! I left you some under a stasis charm in the kitchen."It took every bit of Hermione's strength not to break down sobbing in her friend's arms. Instead she just gave the other woman a huge bear hug, clinging onto her tighter than usual."What did I ever do to deserve you?" she whispered, practically shaking with the effort of keeping it together."You mean apart from saving my life?" Lavender joked, pulling back and observing her closely, "No! Let's not start that argument again. I always win anyway. But you know we spent six years hating each other at school. It was about time we tried being nice to each other.""True. You've been my rock these last couple of years!""Well your kid is pretty cute," she joked, giving Hermione a light shove, "and I guess you're alright too."Hermione laughed, but it came out a little choked, as if she couldn't quite breath properly."Is everything alright? What did the doctor say?" Lavender asked with a concerned frown.Hermione dredged up enough courage from somewhere deep within to force a slightly strained smile onto her face."Everything's fine. She just said I was a bit malnourished. It seems I've skipped too many meals."Lavender rolled her eyes."You goose! I told you to look after yourself. You've been so stressed lately, what with having to find another job and… you know… everything else."Hermione hummed sadly, trying not to think of the other problems looming in her life lest she break down completely.Luckily they were interrupted by a sleepy voice coming from the bedroom door."Mummy?"Hermione forced a warm smile onto her lips, her heart clenching as she saw her daughter teetering in the doorway in her yellow pyjamas, rubbing tiredly at her eyes."Hi sweetie," she whispered, moving her bag to the hook next to the door. Lavender gave her a quiet little wave."I'll see you this weekend!" she mouthed, creeping past and out the front door."Thanks Lav! You're the best," Hermione whispered back, before making her way over to her daughter. As she did, she heard her fried disapparating from out the front of the house and knew she was gone."Hey sleepy head," she chuckled, bending down to sweep Sophie up into a tight cuddle. The little girl threw her arms around her neck, clinging on tightly."You're late!" she scolded in her drowsy voice."Am I?" she asked in a bewildered voice, "But it's only 2 o'clock in the afternoon! It's still daylight!"Sophie giggled, the sound muffled against Hermione's shoulder."No it's not, mummy! It's dark outside!""Oh my goodness, you're right. In that case it's way past your bedtime, young lady."Sophie giggled again and burrowed in deeper to her arms."Will you tuck me in? Auntie Lavender doesn't get the sheets right like you do.""Is that so?" she mused, carrying her daughter into the bedroom and laying her gently on the low children's bed in there. It was the one piece of furniture she'd spent time and money transfiguring to be warm, cosy and to always bring her daughter joyful dreams. The yellow, sunny patchwork blanket was the only thing she'd kept from her parents' old house and it was a treasured item. Sophie couldn't sleep without it."There we go," Hermione murmured softly as she placed her daughter under the blanket before tugging the sheets in tight around her. She pulled them taut and tucked them deeper into the bed frame."Now you're snug as a bug!"Sophie laughed, wriggling her arms until they escaped the tight sheet and lay on top."You missed dinner mummy! Auntie Lavender's food tasted kinda funny."Hermione clucked her tongue, tapping her daughter softly on the tip of her nose."Auntie Lavender was very kind to cook for you. I hope you said thank you.""Yes mummy, I did."Hermione stroked her hand over the little girl's hair, thankful that her daughter hadn't inherited the full bush of curls from her mother, just a few silky dark waves."Are you feeling sleepy now, little bug?""Uhuh…" Sophie hummed as her eyes started to droop."Well you'd better hurry up and pick a toy."Sophie nodded, her little nose scrunching up as she thought about this very problem seriously."You guess!" she eventually declared with a cheeky smile, showing off a couple of missing baby teeth."Hmmm," Hermione considered this solemnly, tapping one finger on her lips, "I think Sophie wants to sleep with… umm…her otter!"Sophie beamed, nodding enthusiastically."Yes please!"Hermione picked up the brown stuffed toy from the floor. Sophie immediately grasped it and held it close to her chest. It had been a gift from George Weasley when she turned two years old, and she loved it more than anything because it looked like her mummy's patronus."Alright, sweetie. Time to dream. Say hello to the stars for me!"Sophie smiled lethargically as her eyes closed."And you say hello to the moon!" she murmured in reply.The familiar words tugged at Hermione's heartstrings. They'd been saying the same phrase to each other for as long as she could remember. Just like her mum used to do at bedtime when she was little.With one final kiss to the little girl's forehead, Hermione quietly moved away from the bed, switching on the charmed lantern near the door to give the room a soft twinkling light.She paused in the doorway, looking back on her baby girl sleeping peacefully in her bed. Watching Sophie sleeping, wrapped up securely in her sheets and clutching at her otter, Hermione felt the emotions finally come crashing down.Making a hasty retreat, she hovered in the living room for a moment, her eyes moving over the half unpacked furniture still sitting around in a mess in the living room and trembled slightly. One of the couches needed replacing and she'd had to sell some of her parents' old paintings and rugs just last month, so there wasn't much to furnish the walls or floor with.Eighteen thousand galleons…Hermione's stomach clenched violently again and before she knew it she was launching herself towards the front door and stumbling outside. Gulping for air, she barely made it to the patch of garden near the footpath before she was falling to her knees and vomiting the meagre contents of her stomach into the bushes.It took her a while to recover, wiping her hand across her lips and spitting up the bile that had burned its way up her throat and into her mouth.Sophie… my little Sophie…There was no use holding back the wave of misery now, Hermione realised, as it swept through her like a bolt of ice.The ice froze her heart and shattered it into a million pieces all at once as she whispered the bitter truth inside her head.She was dying.Bellatrix Lestrange must be cackling beyond the grave, she thought with a deranged sob. The crazy bitch might not have killed her in person at Malfoy Manor, but now the consequences of her malice were coming back for revenge. The hour or two she'd spent writhing on their drawing room floor in pain was nothing compared to the total agony of what she was facing now.Because now there was a tiny, innocent soul sleeping peacefully in her bed who relied on her mother completely. Now there was this precious life in her hands, who she loved more than anything in the world. And she didn't know what the hell she was supposed to do. Even if she could afford the potions she needed, there was still only the slimmest, most minute chance that she would defeat this.Hermione collapsed forwards onto her hands, her face turning up to the sky as she howled with impotent rage, thankful for the silencing spells that protected Sophie from overhearing her despair.She couldn't afford the potions anyway, so all the hope she might have held were instantly dashed.Her poor, sweet Sophie had already endured so much in her short life-time. She'd already had to be so brave with each new trial they faced. She didn't deserve to lose her mum as well.When Hermione had fallen pregnant, she'd been terrified but also delighted. The connection she'd felt to the baby inside her had been instant and so powerful.But Sophie's father, on the other hand, hadn't been as thrilled.Viktor Krum had come back into her life like some kind of heroic angel after the war. He'd literally swept her off her feet. And maybe she'd been looking for love, or maybe she'd just needed to escape, but she'd happily gone with him back to Bulgaria where he'd continued his Quidditch career with roaring success while she studied her university courses by correspondence. He'd always admired her intelligence, after all, and he'd been so encouraging and supportive.But he certainly hadn't counted on an unexpected pregnancy. He was at the height of his career, and they were still both so young. They weren't even anywhere near married yet, just dating happily and enjoying their time together after all the darkness she'd faced.A sort of distance had grown between them those first few months of her pregnancy. But she'd always hoped that when the baby was born he'd come around. That he'd fall in love with their daughter like she already had.Then the accident had happened and everything had changed.He'd been out drinking with his team mates. He'd drunk a lot while she was pregnant. Hermione suspected that he was trying to drown his nagging doubts and pretend he was a bachelor again, with no family on the way to tie him down. But that was how the accident happened. He was completely pissed and flying his broom when he fell fifty feet and cracked his head on the stone turret of his old training ground.He was dead within a couple of minutes.While the whole of wizarding Bulgaria went into mourning, Hermione remembered just feeling numb about the whole thing, like maybe it hadn't really happened. People had tried to console her but she just couldn't bring herself to accept it. It had been too sudden. Too shockingly mundane to lose him to such a silly accident when she'd recently survived a war.That was, until the first bill came in.They'd been young and in love, and she'd just never worried about things as asinine as money. Viktor supposedly made a bloody good salary playing for his country. He was their star seeker after all.But it seemed he liked gambling even more than he liked flying.As more and more notices and demands came in, Hermione had been forced to confront the shocking revelation that Viktor owed an unfathomable amount of money to the bank. And goblins forgave nothing, not even after death.It wasn't fair. They hadn't even been married, but apparently he'd filed some kind of paperwork for his club naming her as his next of kin, and she was pregnant with his offspring, so in some cruel twist of fate and Goblin law the debt fell to her.And she had to pay.So she'd gotten a job. And even as she ran herself ragged trying to work, still studying part time and seven months pregnant, she could barely afford to pay any of it back. Every time she managed to make a repayment it seemed she'd been charged more interest than she'd managed to return.And now, four years later, she was still paying his debts and her credit rating was completely ruined.She'd come so close. Only three thousand galleons remained of the original amount. And even after the company she was working for had closed down, she'd been incredibly lucky to find a new job. She was supposed to start next week.But now…Now she was dying.She was fucking dying.And the only hope she had was a treatment that would cost another eighteen thousand galleons."Why… oh god why, damnit?" she screamed up at the stars, the same stars she had told her daughter to speak to in her dreams. Now they laughed down at her, taunting her.Your daughter is going to be all alone. You've failed her. "Are you happy, you bitch? Are you fucking happy?"She collapsed, tears streaming freely down her cheeks as she struggled to take in deep gasping breaths.Hermione had always been a rational person, but nothing had prepared her to sort through the mess of thoughts swarming her now with panic, desolation and confusion fighting for control as she was forced to confront what was happening to her.Even if she managed to pay off the last of Viktor's debts, who would look after Sophie? Her daughter would be left with nothing, not a single galleon to her name, with no mother, no family at all really, and a broken heart. She was only four years old for Merlin's sake!It was too much.Hermione found herself dry heaving again, her stomach so empty now she couldn't vomit. There wasn't even enough bile to expel from her body, so she just sat there curled up, her body convulsing as she tried to keep sucking in enough air to avoid losing consciousness.Then, when the fit of emotion had passed and only exhaustion lay in its place, Hermione slumped back on the ground; her head feeling heavy like a great weight was anchoring it to the ground.She stared up blearily at the stars above, wondering what else the cruel strings of fate had in store for her. It was clear she was entirely at their mercy now.The only thing left to do was hide the awful truth from the little soul sleeping peacefully inside. There was nothing more important now than shielding her daughter from this terrible pain.And by Merlin she'd do anything to protect her.……Well there it is. The first chapter. And a long one too! What a rollercoaster. Let me know what you think – as I said, it's a very different story! 

Well thank you all for your positive reactions to Chapter One – I know it's nothing like my usual pieces so it will be interesting to see whether you enjoy this rollercoaster. We had one clever guest reviewer guess my K-drama muse!Looking forward to getting into a writing routine again!As always, JKR is the creator and I'm the borrower.Chapter Two......With a frown, Hermione scribbled some numbers in the margins of her ledger. There had been an error in the initial projections done by the finance department, but with some minor adjustments she was able to get a reading on it.A gnawing hunger distracted her from her writing, and Hermione realised with a sigh that it was past lunchtime. Deep within the labyrinthine offices of the large company she'd started working at this week, it was easy to lose track of time.Pushing her papers to one side, Hermione rose to her feet, deciding to make her way to the kitchen to fetch herself a sandwich.There was no point starving herself, no matter how hopeless things seemed. She needed to keep her strength after all.Hermione wandered the hallways, trying to remember how to get to the kitchen in this enormous place.She'd been here for about a week and was finally starting to settle in. Although the place and the people were unfamiliar, the work itself was very easy to adapt to. She'd been hired as a Risk Assessment Advisor for a big company, using Arithmancy to determine the durability and safety of certain charms on wizarding products they made. It was the kind of work that Harry and Ron would have found dreadfully boring back in their school days, but she rather liked it. She enjoyed breaking down the components of different spells and evaluating their make-up. And it paid the bills. For the most part.Hermione whistled softly, impressed as she turned a corner into a long marble hallway. It was possible she may have gone the wrong way. It was all rather confusing. The London based company was so modern and it had clearly spared no expense in making its staff comfortable.She was finally earning enough money to pay rent on the new house, while also hopefully paying off the remainder of Viktor's debts within the next year.If she even had that much time.But the least she could do was try her hardest to ensure her daughter wasn't left with the shadow of Krum's debts hanging over her head as she grew up. The goblins certainly wouldn't spare any mercy, not even for a young child.As for where she'd find the rest of the money she needed, well that was a chilling thought indeed. She'd barely slept a wink this last week. Hermione spent her waking moments completely focused on her daughter and her new job, and every night she lay awake haunted by every nagging, horrible fear that crossed her mind.Her first thought had been to go to Harry. But while they were still close, the two friends didn't exactly see each other as much as they used to, and he certainly couldn't afford to give her such an exorbitant amount of money, not with his first baby on the way with Ginny.Her parents still lived in Australia and had no idea who she was. She'd never been able to restore their memories after the war, so she'd left them to live in peace. They were happier than they'd ever been down in Sydney, beginning to enjoy an early retirement.There was always George. She'd pondered over the notion of telling him the truth once late at night while lying awake…He was really the only Weasley who had kept in touch with her these last few years since she'd returned to Britain. Uncle George often came over and played with Sophie and would babysit her occasionally. He was really the only member of the Weasley clan who hadn't been terribly offended that she'd started dating Krum again after the war instead of falling into a relationship with Ron like everyone had expected. Things had been so strained between her and Molly (and Ron of course) that after a while it had been easier to just forego the occasional obligatory invites to the Burrow. Ron was no longer angry or resentful with her, but it was hard to see that glimmer of sadness in his eyes whenever he looked at her.So even though they had become firm friends these last few years, she knew that George could only do so much. His business was doing well, but he had nowhere near the kind of money she needed.Hermione frowned as she opened a door that she'd thought might have been the kitchen. But it definitely wasn't the staff kitchen! She was in a round room lined with black leather couches. On one side was a crackling fire and there were shelves with exotic items and whiskey decanters lining them. It was clearly an office lounge for someone important.Hermione looked around curiously, wondering at the art works that lined the walls. They weren't the usual moving portraits you tended to find in wizarding establishments, but rather big abstract muggle canvases.Not realising that she'd wandered so far into the room to observe her surroundings, Hermione got a shock when a door opened from somewhere off to the side. Her heart twisting, she realised she'd probably strolled into somewhere she wasn't allowed to enter. And it was only her first week on the job!I can't lose this job!The door she came through was too far away now, Hermione noted in a panic. Seeing a heavy black screen nearby, she ducked behind it without thinking, crouching down as she listened to the sound of footsteps approaching from a door higher up in the room, down a spiralling staircase and into the lounge area just beyond where she was hiding.You idiot, Hermione! Now you're stuck here. You should have just made your excuses politely and left.But it was too late to reveal herself, she realised. She'd look like a total fool if she walked out from behind the screen to apologise now after just ducking out of sight like a lunatic.As she listened, the person who'd entered let out a long, weary sigh. The tinkling of glass told her that they'd poured themselves a tumbler of something from one of the many decanters around the room. Then the door opened again with another set of footsteps approaching and a vaguely familiar voice began to speak."I'm telling you, it's the only solution!"The first person that'd entered merely snorted in derision, prompting the second man to keep speaking."My sources in the Wizengamot said that a charitable donation or start up foundation wasn't enough. It's about your personal domestic situation. Your home life needs to be viewed as less... how do I put this…less pureblood."Hermione's ears perked up as she wondered what the two wizards were discussing. After a long pause, the first man who'd entered spoke, sending an immediate, visceral chill down Hermione's spine."Honestly, Theo, how exactly do you think this is going to work?" he muttered crossly, pausing to toss back his drink in one go, "some relatively half-decent looking muggleborn witch is going to put her whole life on hold for at least a year or two to marry a complete stranger? It's insane."Hermione felt her pulse racing as she listened to the man's response. There was simply no mistaking the timbre of his voice, nor the sarcastic drawl with which he spoke.It was Draco bloody Malfoy.Creeping forwards until she was pressed up against the black screen in front of her, Hermione pressed her eye to a crack in the middle where it folded, peering out into the room beyond.It took a moment to tilt her head just right to see him, but sure enough there was the distinctive blond head of Malfoy pacing back and forth, his glass already re-filled as he scowled at the other man. His features were pulled into an unenthusiastic sneer that Hermione knew very well indeed."It's not entirely outlandish!" Theo protested, waving some sheets of paper in front of his friend's face, "see here! I've already found three likely candidates."Malfoy groaned and snatched the pages from him. He flicked through them quickly, his expression turning from cynical to disgusted."Seriously? Not a chance, Theo! Just look at these cheap, tacky glamour shots. They scream fame-hungry! They're just airheads looking for a few seconds in the limelight! Hardly the kind of wholesome muggle domestic scene you're imagining."Theo shrugged, taking the forms back and giving them another quick glance before chucking them in the bin with a frustrated huff. Hermione didn't remember Theodore Nott very strongly from their days at Hogwarts, apart from a brief recollection of seeing his mischievous face winking at all the girls from his place at the back of the Ancient Runes classroom. He'd certainly never ended up following in his father's footsteps, disappearing completely sometime before the war escalated in their seventh year. It turned out he was working for Malfoy now, she surmised.But even more disturbing was the revelation that Draco Malfoy of all people probably owned the company she'd just started working for. Which meant he was technically her boss.Just my bloody luck.She turned back to look at the two wizards as Theo spoke again."Alright, I'll admit that our options are a little slim. It was hard enough just finding these three desperate old hags!"Draco snorted again."And yet for some reason you seem to think you're going to track down the perfect, upstanding little muggleborn wife, one that will impress the wizengamot SO much they'll completely change their minds about releasing my mother from prison. And all without attracting the most horrendous simpletons and attention seekers for the job? It can't be done.""Everything can be done for the right price mate!" Theo insisted with a cheeky grin, slapping his hand on the side table, "and it's not like you can't afford it, whatever the lucky witch demands."Hermione leaned back from the partition, breathing heavily as she felt a throbbing in her head. It was too much to absorb, she thought, trying to still her movements to avoid detection.If she was hearing correctly, then it seemed as though Malfoy was trying to appeal for his mother Narcissa's release from Azkaban as part of the ministry's new Custodian Laws. She'd read about it a lot recently, wondering what it meant for a number of the former death eater associates incarcerated there. And it also sounded as if they'd denied his request. She felt almost sorry for him. Azkaban was a cruel, horrible place. And she knew from Harry's account of the final battle that Narcissa Malfoy had even helped him fool Voldemort in the forbidden forest. She certainly didn't deserve her fate. No wonder her son wanted her released so badly.But were they serious about the rest?Was Theo really trying to convince his friend to marry some poor muggleborn witch just to help improve his image?How pathetic, was her first thought.But then another thought struck her. She gnawed on her lip, considering Theo's last comment, about everything having a price.It's not like you can't afford it, he'd said.Hermione felt a sick twinge in her stomach as she closed her eyes and listened again to Malfoy bickering with his friend."You may as well give it up, Theo," the blond man grumbled, "I'm not going to just marry some cheap, desperate witch looking for a quick splash or two on the front cover of the Prophet. We'll just have to find another solution."Theo hummed in resignation. She could hear the slapping of two glasses hitting the counter top, and then their footsteps slowly meandering their way towards the door."You could always reconsider the blackmail option. I do happen to have some dirt on Miss Hopkirk and her various extra-curricular activities-" Theo chuckled, slapping his friend on the back as they made their way towards the door on the other side of the room near the circular stairs."Don't even joke about it, Theo," Malfoy warned, "I'm not going to handle this with threats and intimidation. I'm not Lucius.""Well you're going to have to agree to something," Theo reasoned more seriously, "The alternative is losing your mum to that goddam prison.""I know, damnit," Malfoy growled, breathing heavily as he closed his eyes as if in pain, "I know."The two wizards had reached the staircase and started to climb up towards the door. She could hear their voices fading away slowly.Hermione clenched her eyes shut, her heart pounding and her stomach rolling with nausea.Her head throbbed again. Time seemed to slow down.No, don't even think about it, Hermione, she told herself, It's stupid….SO stupid… don't do it!But there was something else compelling her to act. Some deep desperation that lay within, that had been festering inside her ever since discovering her fate.An image of her daughter's face swam behind her stinging eyelids. And the same thought that had plagued her ever since she'd come home from St Mungo's one week ago rang in her ears.Sophie.Oh god…what would happen to Sophie?There was one piece of information that kept taunting her, calling out for her to act. The knowledge that Draco Malfoy had money. Lots of it. And she was in the perfect position to help him out…for whatever price she named.Oh god no, don't do it!Hermione buried her better judgment deep inside her thumping heart. With a slight whimper of terror she launched herself out from behind the partition where she'd been hiding."I'll do it," she called out, her voice cracking nervously. Her mouth was dry and she swallowed as she gazed up at the two wizards halfway up the stairs before her.They wore identical looks of shock and horror as they spun around to stare at her. She could only imagine what was going through their heads, knowing that she'd overheard them, that she knew what they were plotting to trick the Ministry of Magic. It was certainly illegal, after all. Though perhaps not as illegal as blackmail, which she'd also heard them mention. Malfoy in particular positively gaped at her, a look of absolute stunned surprise on his features."Gr…Granger?" he stammered awkwardly, still frozen with one foot half on the staircase. She held her ground, clenching her jaw to keep her nerves in check while she waited. He finally seemed to snap out of it."Fuck…Granger! What the hell are you, of all people, doing in here?" he shouted, his cheeks flushing a light pink as the two wizards descended back onto the floor level with her."I work here," she explained brusquely, "I started a week ago.""You work…here? Really?" he spluttered, not seeming to be able to gather his wits as he asked, "And what…what do you do exactly?""I'm the new Risk Assessment Advisor for the Charmed Products Department."Malfoy nodded kind of numbly as he absorbed this information, before his eyes narrowed once more and he stepped back into the room towards her."Okay…but what the bloody hell are you doing in here? Were you spying on me?" he demanded angrily, gesturing around the room."I didn't even know this was your company until about five minutes ago. I got lost," she murmured sheepishly, shrugging her shoulders and hoping with everything she had that she wasn't about to be fired for her audacity.At this point Theo stepped in, raising his arms in a peace-keeping gesture and looking intently at her, like a collector who'd just found his next prize."Woah, woah, woah. Hold on. Let's back up a step. Firstly… a very warm hello to you, Granger! I don't believe it. Hermione Granger. Pleasure to see you again. You're looking marvellous. Now if you'd be so kind…what was it you just said before?"Hermione frowned."I work here?""Before that."Her heart thudded again, and she desperately tried to swallow the lump in her throat."Um…well…" she drew her courage around her like a cloak again and managed to get out the words for a second time, "I'll…I'll do it.""Do what exactly?" Theo quizzed her, looking excited."I'll marry you," she directed this part at Malfoy, knowing that her face would be pale and drawn. She was feeling a bit dizzy from the frantic pace of her thoughts and the swirling doubts that had filled her. The two wizards in front of her reacted in such dissimilar ways it would have almost been comical if she weren't so terrified. While Theo clapped his hands together in glee, Malfoy looked almost sick with anger, a muscle twitching in his temple."Are you mad?" he shouted, hands clenching into fists by his side.Hermione just blinked and return his stare calmly. With everything else that had happened to her lately, she refused to be intimidated by him."Maybe," she replied with a shrug, "but my offer still stands. You need a muggleborn wife. One with a good reputation in the eyes of the ministry. I seem to fit the bill rather nicely, don't you agree?""Holy shit," Theo commented, beaming from ear to ear. "She's right! This is perfect! Married to Hermione fucking Granger? The muggleborn friend of Harry Potter, who fought alongside him against the evil Lord Voldemort! There's literally no better candidate in all of wizarding Britain!"Malfoy held up a hand, closing his eyes for a moment with a slight groan."That will do, Theo. I get it. She's a bleeding saint.""She's also as smart as they come, and gorgeous too," he added with a charming smile in her direction that made her feel slightly queasy instead of flattered. It had been a long time since she'd worried about her appearance after all, and it was making her feel self-conscious."Enough! Can you leave us to talk for a few minutes alone, please?" Malfoy asked through gritted teeth. The request was directed at his friend, but as he said it, he never looked away from Hermione, their gazes locked with worrying intensity.Theo looked somewhat deflated at first to be dismissed, but then he rallied himself and smiled encouragingly as he made his way towards the door."Of course! You two just talk it out. Come to some kind of agreement. I'll be right down the hallway in my office."And then with one last meaningful wink at his friend he was gone, the door closing with a resounding click behind him.And somehow Hermione suddenly found herself alone in a room with an angry and confused Draco Malfoy, Prince of Slytherin and former Death Eater. Someone she hadn't seen in almost six years.And to make matters worse, she'd basically just proposed to him.Oh fuck… what the bloody hell have I gotten myself into?……Once Theo had left the room, Draco felt the tension in his body lift up a notch. Standing here now, alone with Granger, was definitely one of the more awkward moments of his life.Especially since they hadn't seen each other in several years and she had essentially just offered to marry him.Wanting to play it cool, Draco wandered over to the side table ready to pour himself another glass of fire whiskey."Drink?" he offered, lifting a glass in her direction.Granger blinked, her brown eyes wide open as she shook her head in refusal."No thank you," she responded tightly, and he enjoyed the way she fidgeted nervously under his gaze.Draco made a big show of pouring one for himself and taking a long sip. While he did this, he seized the opportunity to study her closely.Hermione Granger had somehow just burst back into his life with all the finesse of a steam train. He looked her up and down subtly, noting the differences in her appearance. She'd always been short at school, and she'd had her fair share of clumsy teenage problems, never quite managing to shed her buck teeth and baby fat in their younger years. But during the war she'd grown a bit taller and thinner. Merlin only knew what the girl had eaten while on the run with her two moronic friends, but by the time he'd stumbled upon them during the final battle she had seemed older somehow. Although her appearance had been unkempt, her frame was more lithe and muscular.Standing before him now, however, she was very slender, almost gaunt. She still had very dainty, elegant features, but somehow she seemed to have shed even more weight, enough to make her look wraith-like. But aside from that, she was all grown up now, he mused. Her hair was managed somehow into a professional style and she was wearing simple, pretty clothing that suited her colouring.She looked… sensible.Which was what made her unexpected offer all the more outlandish. It certainly sounded too reckless and impulsive for the always fastidious and annoyingly rational Hermione Granger he remembered from school.Draco placed his glass down, approaching her slowly as he turned his thoughts to the offer she'd just blurted out.I'll do it… I'll marry you…To say that he was totally gobsmacked by her words would be an understatement. Given their history, he simply couldn't fathom why on earth Granger would want to approach him like this, not even with a ten-foot pole. And yet now she was chomping at the bit to enter into this scheme of Theo's.What the hell was she thinking?Surely she must despise him. As hard as it was for him to admit it, he'd been a right little wanker to her at school. And she certainly had never struck him as the mercenary type, nor the kind of person to seek out the limelight. In fact, she'd actively avoided any press these last few years. Ever since…Krum!Draco paused, blinking in surprise as he remembered the last time she'd appeared in the Daily Prophet. He'd always been drawn to her name there, always curious to see what she was up to. There had always been something intriguing about Granger, something that had provoked him to harass her in school and think about her afterwards. Maybe it was jealousy; that she'd always seemed to handle her magic with such ease. Or perhaps it was born out of a sense of guilt. He had watched her being tortured for longer than he cared to admit at the hands of his psychotic aunt, after all. Some other part of him, long buried and ignored, thought that maybe he'd been curious about her simply because he'd never met a witch quite like her, and her innate moral strength alone made her interesting.As it stood, the shock of her offer had almost made him forget why she'd last appeared in the Prophet, splashed on the front cover in callous fashion. It had been a few years ago and she'd been dating Viktor Krum. The seeker had died in an infamous drunken accident, and she'd suddenly been worms meat for the paparazzi. After that, he'd been frustrated to discover that she'd gone a bit underground, avoiding all publicity and denying any requests for interviews. He hadn't heard much about her at all since then.Except learning that she now worked for him apparently. He'd only discovered that strange fact about ten minutes ago."So," he began, watching her dubiously as she continued to squirm under his gaze, "You're our new Risk Assessment Advisor."She nodded, pulling herself together and meeting his gaze with her deep brown eyes."That's right. You…uh… you didn't know?"Draco shrugged."I have several companies under my name. It's hard to keep track of all the new recruitments," he explained, realising a bit belatedly that he may have come across a tad arrogant, making him wince."Right. Of course," she muttered, before falling silent again. Was she really just going to wait for him to address the elephant in the room? Draco sighed in frustration and ran one hand through his slick blond hair."Look, Granger…I never intended for anyone to overhear Theo talking about his idiotic plan. It certainly wouldn't be the first time he's tried to nag me into following some hair-brained scheme of his."Granger nodded thoughtfully, her brows pulled together in a frown as she regarded him seriously."You said the Wizengamot denied the request for your mother's release," she prompted softly, causing Draco to purse his lips, annoyed."Yes, not that it's any business of yours, but they don't consider me a suitable candidate to act as her custodian."Granger considered this deeply for a long moment, her nose scrunched up slightly as she cocked her head to one side."How long is there left on her sentence?"Draco gritted his teeth together, not altogether happy to be going into such personal details with bloody Granger of all people."Five years," he grumbled, "though I doubt her health will make it past another one, maybe two at the most."The former Gryffindor's eyes widened almost comically large, and he was surprised to see an expression of outrage creep onto her features."That place is barbaric," she almost growled, but Malfoy didn't have it in him to agree with her. Not when it hurt him too damn much to think of what his mother was enduring. Instead he dropped into one of the nearby couches with an abrupt wave of the hand and a glare in her direction."Nevertheless, I will find another way to meet the Ministry's requirements. Your offer is not necessary."He stared at the ground fixedly, wondering if she'd leave now, hearing the clear dismissal in his tone.But she didn't.She actually moved closer and sat opposite him."Theo's idea might be a bit...unorthodox… but he's also not entirely wrong, is he?" she murmured, her voice a bit shaky."What?" he shot back at her in disbelief."Well…if you did marry me, you'd probably have the Ministry tripping over themselves trying to release her. As loathe as I am to admit it, I am your best shot at improving your image."Draco lifted his eyes to stare at her in disbelief."Granger, you can't seriously think this is a good idea! I mean, I'm not blind. I can see the benefits from my side, objectively. Marrying the bleeding princess of Gryffindor and Harry fucking Potter's muggleborn friend is a no-brainer. I'd be a bloody hero in their eyes. But… what's in it for you? Why the fuck would you want to marry me?"Granger visibly swallowed and her eyes flickered down to stare at a spot somewhere on the floor. He raised one eyebrow curiously."You're not in love with me or anything are you?"Her head shot up with a look of utter disgust. Draco inwardly laughed and continued,"Not harbouring any long time obsessions?" he taunted, a slight smirk on his lips."No chance in hell, Malfoy," she shot back, her face still screwed up in distaste, "I can assure you with total honesty that I am not in love with you."Draco lifted his shoulders, his face showing his confusion and frustration."Then why? What do you get out of this?"Granger was quiet for a long time, as she seemed to debate with herself about what to tell him. Eventually she met his intent stare with a sheepish expression of her own, her cheeks flushed pink as though she were completely mortified."I…you…" she stammered, before taking a deep breath to steady her nerves and proceeded in a voice so quiet he almost didn't hear, "your friend Theo said that you… that you'd pay someone."She whispered the last part as though it were a terrible secret. Draco blinked at her in shock. He certainly hadn't been expecting that.She wanted money? Prissy, perfect little Hermione Granger was looking for an under-the-table cash pay-out in return for marrying someone she hated? He couldn't believe it."Are you kidding me?" he almost shouted, before remembering to lower his voice at the last minute, "It's the money you want?""Yes," she answered tightly, "as Theo said, it's not like you can't afford it.""Well yeh but…" he stumbled a bit, running one hand through his hair, "I just never thought that you'd be the kind of witch do something illegal for a quick buck."Granger's flush only deepened, but she still managed to return his gaze evenly."Needs must," she explained with an awkward shrug.Draco leaned back on his couch, folding his arms over and giving her a measuring look."I don't seem to recall you ever being destitute in the past when we were at school, Granger. So what suddenly brought this on?""None of your business, Malfoy!" she growled, but he shook his head with one finger held up warningly."Oh I don't think so. You threw yourself out here demanding money, so I have every right to know exactly what nefarious scheme my galleons would be funding.""I didn't demand money-""Nevertheless, I'd feel better knowing what your motivation is. This reeks of a trap. How do I know you're not tricking me into agreeing to this farce Theo came up with, just to report me to the ministry."Granger frowned, looking almost hurt."Do you really think I'd do that?" she argued, "I'm humiliating myself here, admitting to something shameful in needing your money. But I'm also offering to help you save your mother!""So then just tell me what you need the money for," he demanded, not backing down. He watched avidly, as Granger seemed to struggle with herself. Then her shoulders slumped as her face dropped in a picture of defeat."Fine!" she breathed, pausing before continuing, "A few months after the war ended, I was… in a relationship with Viktor Krum…""I'm aware," he replied tersely, and her eyes flickered up to his briefly in surprise before she moved on."Anyway, as I'm sure you already know, he passed away after a flying accident several years ago…""A drunken blunder if I recall."Granger pursed her lips but nodded."Yes well, after he died, it turned out that he had rather large… um… gambling debts.""Gambling debts?" Draco repeated flatly, rather surprised by the revelation. The man's reputation had been squeaky clean in the papers, with the one exception of that alcohol-fuelled incident that had caused his death. Personally, Draco had always thought the Bulgarian seeker was a bit of a moron. Magically strong, and a damn good Quidditch player, but rather thick headed."Yes, I was shocked too," she muttered, fiddling with a curl that had fallen loose of the twist at the back of her head, "even more so when the bank insisted that the entirety of the debt would pass to me."Draco drew in a short intake of breath. He narrowed his eyes as he thought back to any previous dealings he'd had with the goblins that ran the wizarding banks in Eastern European countries like Bulgaria. They were notoriously more ferocious than even the worst muggle loan sharks."That can't be right," he said sharply, "You were never married, were you? So you'd only be liable for the debt in the eyes of any goblin run bank if you shared significant common assets totalling a million galleons, or you had some kind of joint common law bond or… oh!"He blinked for a moment as he lifted his gaze to stare at her in horror. There was really only one logical explanation for why she'd acquired his debts when it came down to it."You… you've got-" he stammered, and Granger nodded hesitantly."I was pregnant when Viktor died."Draco blanched."You've got a kid?" he asked rather faintly, shocked that it hadn't been reported in every minute detail in the Prophet."Her name's Sophie. She's four years old," Granger explained in a small voice, and he felt his stomach turn slightly."Have you completely lost your mind?" he asked her in a rasping whisper, "You want to marry a man you've always hated and uproot your entire life for a couple of years… and you have a kid?"She simply nodded, her face scrunched up in a stubborn frown."I'm not signing on to be some brat's step-dad! No way," he yelled, his heart thudding as he considered this new development. He'd almost been convinced that it would be a mutually beneficial plan, despite their history, but this took things to a whole new level."Well when you think about it," Granger retorted, "it'll only help to improve your image. Dedicated family man with a muggleborn wife and an adorable four year-old girl who wants to meet her new grandmother? They'll probably release Narcissa within a few minutes of submitting the appeal and send a full written apology and a fruit basket!""A girl?" he repeated dumbly, almost to himself, appalled at the idea. But then he thought of what she'd actually said. And strangely it almost started to make a messed up kind of sense. With a kid around, there was absolutely no way that the ministry would deny his appeal. She was right, damnit. They'd probably release his mum with a full pardon if she were slated to become the grandmother of Hermione fucking Granger's spawn.But then cold reality hit him again and he turned to her in disbelief."But would you really put your daughter through all that?" he asked incredulously, "move her into a new house and throw a step-dad into her life who you sure as hell don't love, apparently, and who you'll end up divorcing in a year or two once my mother's parole period is over? I don't want to traumatise the kid!"Granger considered him solemnly for a long moment from where she sat tensely on the couch in front of his. She was looking at him with such a piercing gaze that he almost felt like she could see right to the very heart of him."Firstly, your concern for my daughter's welfare makes me confident that this isn't a completely terrible idea. So thank you," she told him seriously, surprising him even as it pleased him. She obviously no longer thought of him as a total scumbag or an evil death eater."Secondly," she continued primly, reminding him of what she'd been like in school. He almost smiled at the nostalgic impression of her old teenage self she seemed to be channelling, "I've been paying back Viktor's debts for over four years, Malfoy. I've been forced to compromise her future every day since she was born, because I have to pay almost every knut I earn towards those damn goblins. I'm offering to do this for her. Because she deserves to have nice things… and to wear clothes I didn't have to transfigure, and to have money put aside for her schooling and… and…"Granger seemed to choke up and he was worried for a second that she was going to cry. In all his years of knowing her, and after all the shit they'd both been through, he'd never seen her this shaken. That alone reached a place deep inside him he didn't realise actually existed. And the knowledge that she needed his help just as much as he needed hers quickly began to melt away all his other doubts and concerns. There was a moment of extremely charged silence between them before Draco leaned forwards, resting his arms on his knees and staring into her wide, desperate brown eyes."This is probably a monumentally stupid mistake, Granger," he began with a wry smile and an embarrassingly shaky voice, "but it sounds like maybe this could benefit both of us."She inhaled sharply and looked at him with something in her brown eyes that he thought might have been hope. It likely mirrored his own expression. Because going through with this would almost guarantee that he could save his mother's life."Really?" she whispered, her fingers curling into tight fists in her lap."I need your image to help me free my mother. And you need my money to help your daughter. It sounds like a mutually beneficial arrangement.""It certainly does," she echoed, smiling sheepishly and glancing around at the opulently decorated office lounge as she attempted to avoid his gaze, "so what now?"Draco shrugged, sitting back on the couch with a troubling sense of calm as he observed Granger with speculative eyes."Well…" he murmured, shrugging one shoulder casually, "I guess now we have a wedding to plan."Simple, he thought, a fifteen minute conversation and I'm engaged!And to Hermione Granger no less. Hermione Granger! Former school rival and the most famous muggleborn witch in Wizarding Britain. And every screaming thought in his head that warned him that this whole terrible idea was doomed to fail was buried under a heavy veil of denial.………And that's chapter two done! I'm trying to get into a good regular pattern with my writing and stay ahead of the game. But reviews certainly do help to inspire me and give me ideas! Thanks all.

So there has be quite a few reviewers demanding to know if this story will end HEA. I can neither confirm nor deny this! Haha sorry. But the suspense is half the fun people! No spoilers from me on that front.I can, however, 100% guarantee that Draco and Hermione will be getting a good dose of romance, not to mention some smooching. Eventual lemons. Lots of fluff and angst. No more information forthcoming than that, I'm afraid.As always, JKR has loaned me her characters temporarily.………Chapter Three…"Mummy will you plait my hair, please?"Hermione turned towards her daughter with a tense smile on her lips. Sophie was fidgeting in her yellow dress, hands on hips as she swayed breezily from side to side."Of course, sweetie. Come here."She forced herself to stop needlessly tidying up the living room for the tenth time that hour and gestured for Sophie to come over and sit in front of her. As she gathered the three strands of her daughter's hair to plait, her jaw kept twitching with nerves as she gnashed her teeth together.He's running late. Maybe he's changed his mind…Hermione pushed this thought away, scolding herself for being silly. Really, he was barely even 3 minutes past the time they'd agreed on. Malfoy had offered to come over to her house to meet Sophie this afternoon, and Hermione was tying herself in knots about it.After that first dramatic meeting at the office, things had snowballed rapidly. Pulse fluttering, she recalled their conversation that day and how things had escalated to the point where she suddenly found herself engaged to be married to Draco bloody Malfoy of all people.I'm doing it for Sophie, she told herself firmly as she twisted her little girl's hair, one strand over the other, brushing out the ends carefully.There was no other choice. Somehow fate had handed her this opportunity and she had seized it with both hands. It was a chance to set her daughter up for life, to make sure that Sophie was financially taken care of, if or when she was no longer around to ensure it herself.And if that meant accepting help from one of the most arrogant, spiteful boys she'd ever had the displeasure of knowing, then so be it.But that wasn't entirely true, she reminded herself.Malfoy was all grown up now. He was no longer the snobby little brat he'd been at school. He'd measured her offer rationally, but at the same time his actions were driven by his deep love for his mother and his need to protect her. Also the fact that he'd expressed concern almost immediately for her daughter told her that he wasn't cold or unfeeling like she'd first feared.Maybe this wouldn't be a complete disaster, she prayed.As the plait was quite long now, Hermione tugged it into an elastic tie and finished it off."There, all done!""Thank you, mummy," Sophie sang, leaning up to press a soft kiss to her cheek before racing back towards her bedroom.Hermione sighed, watching her go. She'd told the little girl that they were expecting an 'old friend from school' for afternoon tea. She had absolutely no idea how she was supposed to break the news to her daughter that this old friend was also going to be marrying her mother and would essentially be her new step-dad.It still sounded crazy to her. She could hardly wrap her mind around it.They'd continued to discuss the basic outline of their plan long into the afternoon the other day. It had been surprisingly…cordial. She'd thought that they might argue more or there would be more hostility, but it had all been so business-like and professional. They had both just mutually started treating it as a transaction, leaving their emotions and resentments behind. It was such a relief to be able to do something maturely.They'd agreed on a time frame, how they would approach the ministry appeal and their living arrangements. Now they only had to settle on an exact amount for him to pay her, and figure out how on earth to deal with the problem of what to tell Sophie.Hermione couldn't wait to get this over with. The quicker they finalised their arrangement, the sooner she could pay off her debts and start her course of potions. She needed as much time as the treatment could possibly give her.She felt almost detached now about the whole thing. Hermione knew enough muggle psychology to understand that she was probably going to experience a whole range of different emotions as she contemplated the likelihood of her impending death. She was caught somewhere between denial and bargaining right now, trying to negotiate her own survival while pretending that everything was fine.A knock at the front door signalled the arrival of Malfoy, and Hermione's stomach flipped uncomfortably.I guess he hasn't changed his mind… she thought as she nervously made her way over to the door. She opened it to reveal his equally anxious face as he shifted from foot to foot on the front porch. His eyes were tracing the building critically and he surely noticed the small size and flaws in the house."Uh…hi," she greeted him awkwardly as she smoothed her sweaty palms along the front of her jeans."Good afternoon," he replied politely with a nod of his head."Come in," she gestured inside and directed him towards the breakfast bar where she'd set up a couple of stools. Malfoy's eyes darted around the room, rubbing the back of his neck self-consciously."Where's your…uh…""In her room playing. She's quite shy around new people so she'll probably try to hide in there for as long as she can. Would you like something to drink? Tea? Pumpkin juice?"Draco smirked wryly."Do you have anything stronger?""No," she told him with a slight glare."Then tea will do," he almost chuckled with a shrug.Hermione prepared them each a cup, trying to calm her nerves by concentrating on the menial task. Eventually they sat across from each other at the kitchen bench, sipping at their tea and both wondering what to say next. It was Malfoy who broke the silence first."I brought the prenuptial agreement. Have you had time to properly consider your side of the deal?""Yes," she hummed, thinking about the different calculations she'd made these past few days and how much she was going to need. She'd ultimately decided that, in addition to Viktor's debts, she was going to need to ask for enough extra to cover for her potions treatment and Sophie's future, while not giving away the fact that she had an illness. So if she had to exaggerate one or two figures, then she thought she just might be able to get away with it."How much do you want?" he asked, jumping right to the heart of the matter. Hermione withdrew a slip of parchment onto which she'd written all her estimated amounts. She wanted to be organised as per usual."Here. I need another…uh …five thousand galleons to settle Viktor's debts. And then also…well…""Your daughter," he murmured, looking over the figures."Yes. I want her to benefit from having access to the money I haven't been able to save for her these last few years."Malfoy ran his eyes down the page. She'd embellished some of the numbers in order to account for the money she'd need to pay for her medical treatment, but was hoping he wouldn't question each amount too closely."School tuition, basic necessities like clothes and books, and enough to provide her with a trust fund for when she's older, as well as an additional amount in case she decides to go on to do further study-" he noted quietly, chewing on his bottom lip and tilting his head to the side as he considered it, "fifty thousand galleons in total."Hermione's pulse raced as she watched him. Was he going to throw it back in her face and tell her it was too much? Was he going to scoff and accuse her of being some kind of money-hungry gold digger?Eventually Malfoy pursed his lips and looked up to meet her eye. There was a slight hint of confusion in them, but nothing vindictive or scornful."Is that all?" he asked, and she almost spluttered in shock at the question."What do you mean?"Malfoy shrugged a bit nonchalantly."I mean is there anything else you need that's not included on here? Or is this the full amount you want?"Hermione gaped at him for a few seconds, her eyes flicking down to the parchment and back up."Isn't that enough?" she asked incredulously.His lip twitched up on one side as if he was trying to stop himself from smiling. "Fifty thousand galleons? It's a fraction of what most witches would have asked for.""You can't be serious," she spluttered, her voice rising a little in pitch.Malfoy looked at her with narrowed eyes then, his expression serious but not mocking or cruel."Is it possible that… uh… do you… maybe not understand how wealthy I am?"Hermione paused for a moment, blinking in sudden uncertainty."How wealthy are you?" she asked in an embarrassingly weak voice.Malfoy gave her a level look."Let's just say you could charge me that much a hundred times over and it would still hardly make a dent in my bank vault.""Huh," she breathed softly, her head spinning with this information, "I mean, I knew you were rich obviously. But I guess this explains a lot. Like why you were such an arrogant little snot in school."She immediately flushed, regretting the words, but Malfoy just chuckled."I was wondering when the claws would come out, Granger," he joked."Sorry," she mumbled, "that wasn't fair.""Maybe not, but it was probably true. I spent the vast majority of our Hogwarts years with my head up my own ass."Hermione laughed, surprised by his words. He really had grown up a lot and clearly took himself less seriously now."But in all seriousness, Granger, are you sure this is all you want? I honestly thought that you would take the opportunity to at least be a little bit mercenary. What you've written here seems to be just basic living costs and a small trust fund. Most witches would seize the chance to splurge a bit and take me to the cleaners. Fur coats and diamonds and all that.""Yes well… I'm not most witches," she retorted tightly."That's for damn sure," he muttered, shaking his head in bemusement, "The prenuptial agreement I've brought actually also includes a settlement payment of another twenty thousand galleons in the event of a divorce, which in our case is already guaranteed. So that would bring the total to seventy thousand.""Seventy thousand," Hermione repeated in a whisper, the number making her almost dizzy. She was sure her face had drained of all colour, because Malfoy frowned at her and leaned closer on the counter."Are you alright, Granger? You look like you're gonna be sick!""It's just so much money," she murmured weakly, "and all for something as absurd as pretending to be your wife for a couple of years. It seems… unscrupulous somehow.""That's what makes you perfect for the job," he snorted while shaking his head, making her wonder what other even more terrible scenarios he had imagined could happen if she hadn't made her offer."How long will it take to get a marriage licence?""Only a few days. We can aim to have a small wedding next weekend. Just a celebrant, a few witnesses, a photographer who can accidentally leak the pictures to the Prophet-""Pictures?""Of course. We need the ministry to believe that it's a real marriage don't we? Some er… shall we say romantic wedding shots would do the trick."Hermione nodded numbly, wondering how on earth she was supposed to break the news to Harry and the Weasleys that she was suddenly going to marry Draco Malfoy of all people, totally out of the blue."In that case I should probably warn a few people first. So they don't find out about it for the first time in the papers."Malfoy made a scoffing noise under his breath."Your friends won't be too happy I take it?" he asked with a sneer that reminded her strongly of their school days, sarcasm dripping from his lips."Not exactly," she agreed with a wry smile, "I'm hoping that my friends will just believe that we've been secretly dating behind the scenes for a while, and we haven't told them because…well, because it's you.""Fair enough," Malfoy agreed with a snort, "I agree that our best approach is to keep up the illusion that this is a real marriage, even to those closest to us."Hermione nodded, thinking about how Harry and Ron would react to the news that she was actually doing this for money. That would mean telling them why she needed the money, and she wasn't prepared to share her illness with the world yet. It would only cause more problems and heartache. Harry might try to offer her the money himself, but she knew he couldn't afford it, despite the inheritance his parents left him. He lived comfortably but he didn't have thousands of galleons to throw around now that he was starting a family. Not enough to pay for her potions and Sophie's future. It was better if they just believed that she'd fallen in love with Malfoy, as strange as that sounded, so that she could protect them from the horrible truth."What about you?" she asked, tilting her head to the side as she looked at him with open curiosity, "aside from Theo, obviously, are you going to tell anyone the truth?""Hell no. I'm a Slytherin, remember? I know the value of keeping my secrets hidden. The more people who know, the more loose ends there are, and the greater the chance there is of the Ministry finding out that this is a sham.""What about your mother?"Malfoy let out a long breath and ran his hand through his slick blond hair, messing it up."That's… complicated. I would prefer not to lie to my mother, but if she knows the truth she might not be willing to go along with it. I think she'd object to me entering into a fake marriage just to keep her safe."Hermione's eyes widened in surprise."So we have to convince your mother too? I'm not sure I'm that good of an actress."Malfoy chuckled."I guess we'll find out. What about your parents?""They're not in the picture," she replied shortly, and although he looked intrigued, Malfoy kindly didn't press the subject further. Instead he looked at her a bit sheepishly, his cheeks flushing a little pink as he sipped awkwardly from his teacup."And er…I hope this isn't going to be an issue in terms of…how should I put this… exclusivity?""What?""Well, in the interest of keeping this a secret, you wouldn't be able to date for a couple of years. Is that going to be a problem?"Hermione stared at him blankly for a moment. Then she burst into laughter, chortling into her own cup as she shook her head."It's really not an issue," she told him through her giggles, causing him to raise a questioning eyebrow."No?""Definitely not. My focus these last few years has been entirely on my daughter. I'm really not interested in dating right now."Not to mention she was hardly going to drag some poor unsuspecting wizard into the mess that was her life right now. Between her debts and her more recent diagnosis, it wouldn't be fair to get involved with someone else now. She didn't need another reason to be angry at the universe. At least with Malfoy, she knew that there were no feelings there, there was nothing between them except a mutually beneficial agreement. It was possible he was going to have to play the role of the grieving widower at some point if the treatment wasn't successful, but he wouldn't be heartbroken or anything. Hermione shook her head to rid herself of these thoughts and turned her attention back to him. She noticed he was watching her closely and a thought struck her."But surely you're more… er…active in the dating scene than I am," she commented with an embarrassed half-smile, "won't this affect your chances of having a relationship? Or were you planning to… you know… be discreet?"Malfoy's face turned a bit dark and he actually glared at her a bit."Do you really think I'm going to quietly shag some witch on the side? This might not be a real marriage, but I'm not a total bastard. I'll be faithful to our vows even if they're fake. Besides, like you, I've been busy building my empire back up from the corrupt swamp that Lucius drove it into. Dating hasn't been high on my list of my priorities either.""Huh. Well… alright then."Hermione let out a breath and her gaze dropped from his. What she saw made her freeze. In his frustration, Malfoy seemed to have impatiently pushed up his sleeves. And there it was. Right there on his right forearm.The Dark Mark.Her stomach twisted a bit as she let out an involuntary gasp. Malfoy's eyes dropped as well to see what had caught her attention."Shit," he muttered under his breath, brushing the sleeve back down to cover it up. Hermione instantly felt guilty. It's not like he'd willingly taken the mark. He'd been a victim of that damn war just like the rest of them, a scapegoat for his father's failings."No, it's okay. I'm sorry. It just brought back some memories. It was a shock to see it again.""You shouldn't have to," he muttered, and she could hardly mistake the expression of shame on his face, "I'll try to keep it covered up.""Really, it's fine. I understand."There was an uncomfortable silence between them after that, and Hermione wasn't sure what she could say to make it better. She wasn't totally put off by the appearance of the Dark Mark. She'd known it was there. And he clearly felt a great deal of remorse about his role in the war, not that he'd had much choice about it anyway."Even though neither of us is doing this out of the kindness of our hearts …still, you must despise me," he told her quietly, his eyes darting up to hers, showing his wariness. Although it was a statement, she heard the underlying question there and drew in a slow, steadying breath to respond."Life's too short to hold grudges," she murmured, shifting uncomfortably on her stool as she fiddled nervously with the handle of her tea cup, "So much has happened… it seems silly to be angry with you now after all this time.""You're such a Gryffindor," he joked, rolling his eyes."Honestly I'm more surprised that you're so willing to go through with this crazy scheme. Despite what Theo says, I really thought you hated me enough to not even consider marrying me, no matter how much it would help your mother."Malfoy smirked slightly, shrugging one shoulder casually."It's certainly… odd. But no, I don't hate you. The war taught me that hating is corrosive; it just eats you up from the inside. Although it is quite possible that you're still an irritating pain in the ass. But I guess we'll have to wait and see."Hermione chuckled, shaking her head. She was mildly surprised by his attitude, but was it really so difficult to believe that his experiences during the war had changed him for the better? He'd certainly endured more psychological suffering than most people. He'd literally had Voldemort living in his home. That had to have been traumatising. Her thoughts were interrupted when Malfoy cleared his throat, reaching into his pocket."I should probably give you this," he muttered, his normally pale cheeks flushing a dark pink. Hermione gaped at him in shock as he handed her a velvet box. It's distinctive size and style immediately alerted her to what it was. Easing it open, she spluttered at the sight of the elegant diamond ring sitting there. It's curved golden band, twisting up around the stone, was quite unique and clearly several generations old. The central diamond was also framed by a band of smaller emeralds.Typical Slytherin, she thought wryly, noting the humour in his grey eyes."I think you're supposed to wear it, not just stare at it," he drawled after a while, and Hermione gave a small tut of annoyance before sliding it onto her ring finger. It was charmed to shrink to fit her perfectly.I daresay it's the only engagement ring I'll ever get, so I may as well appreciate how pretty it is, Hermione thought moodily as she traced the delicate shape with her eyes."What's that, mummy?"Hermione's heart thudded and her head shot up as she noticed Sophie standing just outside the kitchen. The little girl's brown eyes were fixed on the ring she'd just put on, her expression suspicious."Oh…uh…"Hermione tried desperately to calm her nerves. This was a significant moment after all. She'd never really blatantly lied to her daughter before. She'd twisted the truth sometimes to explain things because of Viktor's debts, like why they had to move house or why they weren't able to buy something nice. But she'd never directly told her a falsehood. Pulling herself together, Hermione put a smile on her face and turned fully to face her daughter."Sophie, this is my old friend Mal…er… Draco," her eyes flickered over to his and she could tell that he felt just as weird about hearing his first name coming from her mouth as she did."Draco, this is my daughter Sophie Granger."She looked at him and almost laughed at the strained, awkward smile he gave. It was painfully clear that he felt uncomfortable around kids."Hi Sophie," he said, and she noticed the slightly hoarse tone to his voice.Sophie gave him a level, piercing look. She was a fierce little spitfire when she was annoyed about something. Just like her mother."Hello," the little girl answered coolly, "mummy said you're her special friend and I have to be nice to you.""Sophie!" Hermione scolded, as Malfoy blinked in surprise. But her little girl just looked up at her with innocent eyes."What? You did!" she protested, before continuing innocently as though nothing untoward had happened. "Is it a present?" she asked, sidling closer to inspect the ring on Hermione's finger. She let her daughter touch it delicately, a look of awe in her eyes."Uh…yes. Draco very kindly brought me a gift, since it's my birthday soon.""Your birthday isn't for two months!" Sophie pointed out with a frown. Hermione silently cursed herself for teaching her daughter to read their bloody calendar so well."I couldn't wait that long," Malfoy explained quickly, a charming smile on his face, "I saw it and thought it was so beautiful, just like your mother."Hermione's stomach rolled strangely, looking at him in shock. It was unlikely that he actually felt that way, which meant that he must be one bloody good actor. That boded well for this whole situation."Do you like it?" Hermione asked her daughter, noticing how entranced the little girl was by the stunning ring on her finger."I guess. The green is pretty.""Maybe she'll be a Slytherin," Malfoy joked with a grin.Hermione shot him a glare, warning him not to get any funny ideas, but he just smiled wider. Sophie glanced between the two of them."What's a Slithering?" she asked. Hermione sighed."You know how mummy talked about her house at Hogwarts?"Sophie nodded, her eyes wide and excited."Griffydoor?""Gryffindor, yes. Well, Draco here was in a different house called Slytherin, and their primary colour was green."At this, Sophie's face dropped. She frowned up at the blond man next to her, her nose scrunching up slightly as she did."Auntie Lavender says Slythering men are bad guys who break people's hearts."Hermione groaned and lifted her eyes briefly to the ceiling."Auntie Lavender dated one Slytherin guy who turned out to be a scoundrel, Sophie. She was angry when she said that."But her daughter didn't seem to be able to absorb this message. She glared up at Malfoy for a long moment, her little knuckles curling into warning fists. Then without another word she suddenly turned and began to stomp from the room with exaggerated steps. The two adults were left a little bit stunned in the kitchen, before Hermione turned towards the blond wizard with an apologetic grimace. Malfoy was blinking as though he'd been knocked backwards a bit. He turned to her, his expression bemused."Well that went well," he muttered, running his hand through his hair again until it was sticking up in all directions.Hermione closed her eyes and exhaled slowly.So it turned out Sophie wasn't a huge fan of her soon-to-be step-dad.They'd just encountered their first hurdle. And it was a big one.………Draco dragged his feet as he wearily made his way across the living room, falling down with a huff to slump on the nearest couch.With a flick of his wand he summoned a glass of fire whiskey from the charmed decanter across the room. The yellow liquid burned its way down his throat as he leaned his head back and stared blankly at the ceiling above.Today had been… interesting.On the one hand, talking to Granger had certainly been illuminating. Draco had been surprised that first day when she'd made her shocking offer of marriage. He'd barely had a chance to really take note. But today he'd seen a whole new layer to her. He'd always known that she was very moral and upstanding (in fact it had irritated him immensely when they were at school), but he certainly hadn't been able to predict the minimal nature of her financial demands. She'd barely asked for anything. Just a reasonable amount, enough to provide for her daughter for the foreseeable future. Nothing fancy, no excessive or unnecessary frills. A thousand other witches would have drained him dry.He had to admit he was impressed. She'd approached everything calmly, was making rational decisions and she didn't seem to completely hate him like he'd feared. His own feelings towards her were complex. They'd had such a tense history at school, and the less said about what happened during the war the better.He certainly didn't hate her like everyone expected him to. He realised he'd never really known her well enough to genuinely hate her. It had been the superficial prejudices of a young boy overwhelmed by his father's attitudes and misguided teachings. It had actually bordered on an unhealthy obsession, in retrospect. What he did know about her was that she was intelligent, fiercely loyal, unfailingly kind, and she loved her daughter more than anything.Now that was the other side of the story.Sophie Granger was excellent for his public image. She was cute as a button dressed all in yellow – her favourite colour, he'd learned – and was the spitting image of her mother. There were a few traces of Krum in her. She had slightly darker hair and a heavier brow, and her hair was wavy rather than the riotous, vibrant curls that belonged so distinctively to her mother. But everything else was pure Hermione Granger, from her pale skin to the upturned nose, and especially those deep chocolate brown eyes.In short, she provided the perfect addition to his domestic image. In the eyes of the ministry, he would appear to have the ideal little muggleborn family.If only the girl had actually liked him it would have all been going according to plan. But it turned out that Sophie Granger was rather difficult to please. She was precocious and far too clever for her own good, just like her mother. She had been suspicious of him right away, the moment they'd met. And for the rest of the afternoon she'd been stubborn and far too hard to win over. Granger had tried saying nice things about him and encouraging them to talk, but the little girl had continued to pout at him as if he were threatening to steal her mother right out from under her.He supposed it didn't really matter. They didn't need to get along like a house on fire to make this work. As long as she didn't make the ministry suspect them with a throwaway comment or her overall attitude. It's not like Sophie wouldn't benefit from all this in the end. Her mother was quite literally putting her life on hold to fund the girl's entire future. And she'd get to move into a big fancy house and have nice things for the duration of their agreement.If anything, maybe it was best that she didn't warm to him. Once the contract was fulfilled they would get divorced, and he would no longer be in the girl's life. He didn't want to get too attached…did he?Regardless, things were looking fairly promising.Granger hadn't freaked out about marrying a former death eater yet, never mind one who'd tormented her at school, and actually they'd been getting along quite well. It helped that she was easy to look at, and was also smart enough to hold an intelligent conversation. Much smarter than he was, actually, which for some reason was strangely appealing to him.All in all, he wasn't dreading his upcoming marriage as much as he thought he would be.Now they just had a wedding to plan.It was time to call in Theo and get this thing started.………Next chapter it's wedding time! Hope you enjoyed this one – please review to inspire me! 

Hi everyone, back again with a wedding chapter, yay! Probably more awkward than romantic though. I'm glad you all like Sophie – she will certainly be one tough cookie to crack. I had one really nasty guest reviewer last chapter who basically said the whole idea was disgusting and exploitative. I mean... just... don't read it...? Haha I'm only writing this for fun so calm down mate. Nobody is making you follow this story. Too cowardly to review under a username obviously. The rest of my reviewers are lovely as usual and always motivate me and say wonderful, positive things. Much appreciated :)As always, JKR is the original creator and I am the borrower.………Chapter Four…The soft light of dusk had begun to creep over the sky as Hermione sat in front of her dressing table. She examined herself appreciatively in the mirror, turning her head back and forth with a slight smile of satisfaction."Wow, Lavender, I'm impressed."The blonde girl stood behind her, hands on her hips as she proudly examined her work."It was nothing. You're already so naturally beautiful! I just added a few finishing touches. Doesn't your mummy look nice, Sophie?""Mummy looks...very pretty," Sophie sighed, her chin propped up on her hand as she watched her mother getting ready for the wedding. The little girl was already wearing her best yellow sundress and Auntie Lav had braided her hair with daisies scattered in amongst the gently bound waves."You look very pretty too, darling," Hermione told her tenderly, turning to brush a finger over one of the flowers in her daughter's hair. Sophie just shrugged."I guess. But do you have to stay with him tonight? Can't you come home after the wedding?""No can do, sweetie. Mummy needs a special night with her new husband," Lavender teased with a smirk and a wink at her friend in the mirror. Hermione rolled her eyes subtly."Why is it special?" Sophie asked innocently, her mouth pursing in a sulky pout at the thought of her mother having fun without her. Hermione shot Lavender a warning look before answering,"Because we need to get Draco's house all ready for you to move in! We're going to set up your room and make it really special so it feels like a proper home."Sophie frowned, crossing her arms in front of her chest."Do we have to live at his house?" she mumbled crossly. Hermione sighed, knowing that her daughter was, unsurprisingly, having a hard time with the sudden change in their lives. Luckily for her, Lavender jumped in and for once actually helped to sell the situation with her usual charm."Don't frown, grumpy gus! You're so lucky! Just check this place out. Draco's house is huge and fancy, with heaps of rooms to play hide and seek in. You'll basically be a princess."Sophie couldn't argue with that logic, so she fell quiet. Hermione let out a steadying breath, glad that she wasn't causing too much fuss. The little girl wasn't happy, but Hermione thought that maybe with time she'd be able to win her over to their new circumstances. And Lavender was right; Malfoy's London house was even more enormous than she could have possibly imagined. Draco… Draco's house, she reminded herself, knowing that she'd have to get used to referring to him by his first name. She doubted a loving wife would call him Malfoy, like they were still childhood enemies or something. It would certainly raise some eyebrows."You'll have to play some hide and seek of your own tonight," Lavender muttered with a sly smirk, giving Hermione a meaningful look in the mirror and wiggling her eyebrows up and down. Fortunately Sophie didn't hear her, because she'd become distracted fawning over the simple white wedding dress that lay stretched out on the bed ready for her mother to put on. Hermione snorted and met her friend's cheeky gaze."You're such a perv.""What? Can you blame me for letting my imagination wander? Draco Malfoy is hot. Like… crazy hot. No wonder you've been keeping him all to yourself.""I told you why I did that!" Hermione protested awkwardly."Yeh yeh, blah blah blah everyone hates Malfoy the Death Eater. But come on! I'm not one of your thickhead friends like Harry and Ron. I can't believe you kept your naughty secret to yourself all this time.""I'm sorry, Lavender," Hermione sighed, "I just wasn't sure where this was all going. I didn't want to upset anyone if it was all for nothing."The lie came to her easier than she thought it would, but she still felt a sharp twinge of guilt for deceiving her best friend. Lavender had come back into her life shortly after she'd returned to Britain in the wake of Viktor's death. The other girl had been a regular patient at St Mungo's while Hermione was in the later stages of her pregnancy. She'd been receiving on-going treatment for the wounds caused by Fenrir Greyback in the final battle as the doctors worked to reduce the scarring on her face. They'd bumped into each other a couple of times, and one or two stilted conversations had somehow turned into afternoon tea, and then lunch another day. And the rest was history. It was remarkable to think that after years of living in the same dorm-room hating each other they'd found so much common ground. But both of them felt like they'd been left behind somehow, victims of a horrific war and forgotten by the world at large."Don't worry, I'll find a way for you to make it up to me," Lavender told her with a knowing smile, making Hermione chuckle and narrow her eyes."What are you planning?""Oh nothing. Just the chance to visit his gorgeous mansion more often, and maybe to meet a few of his rich, eligible friends."Hermione laughed outright then, amazed at how understanding her friend had been this whole week since she'd told her she was marrying Draco Malfoy out of the blue.Harry and Ron had definitely not taken it quite so well.Her relationship with the two boys had already been a bit strained in recent years. Her decision to leave the country to be with Viktor after the war had certainly left a hole in their friendship that hadn't yet healed over.She knew that Ron had been expecting the two of them to start up a relationship and begin dating properly after everything wound up following the final battle. But she couldn't do it. Faced with the prospect of a real relationship with Ron, she'd discovered that the thought of changing their friendship into something more had terrified her. Did she really want to be with him in that way? Permanently? And would they lose everything if they ever broke up?So she'd told him kindly but firmly that it was never going to happen. And then she'd met Viktor at a ministry event and he'd managed to make her smile again, even laugh. Next thing she knew she'd fled with him to Bulgaria and never looked back. It had been her way of coping with the war, with everything that had happened and her own post-traumatic stress.After that, hanging out together just made Ron miserable and made her feel guilty. It was easier to communicate by letters and occasional birthday gifts.Harry had kept in touch and remained friendly as always, but he was also still very loyal to Ron, and to Ginny as well who hadn't exactly been thrilled when Hermione had abandoned her brother. She still saw Harry fairly often. He came by for dinner occasionally and always offered to help her out, and told her he loved her. It wasn't the same as when they'd been at school, but he was still like a brother to her and she knew he'd always have her back.Speak of the devil, she heard his voice out in the hallway and blinked in surprise."Hermione?" he called nervously from outside the door, hesitant to just walk in when she was getting ready."Come in," she answered, her voice a bit shaky."He better watch his damn mouth," Lavender muttered under her breath as the door opened to reveal Harry, his brown hair just as messy as always."Uh…hi," he greeted sheepishly, sidling into the room, "Hi Sophie," he added, seeing the little girl there, still tracing the shape of the lace pattern on her mother's dress with her fingers."Hello Uncle Harry," she responded melodically, giving him a brief smile before returning to her task."I take it Won-Won isn't coming?" Lavender asked in a crisp voice, her lips twisted into a mocking sneer that would have probably given Draco a run for his money."Er…no. No he was… unavoidably busy.""Sure," the blond girl drawled with an exaggerated roll of her eyes.Hermione didn't mind. She hadn't been expecting Ron to turn up anyway. It was for the best. She knew watching her marry Malfoy would be cruel and would only hurt him, and she didn't want that. He didn't deserve that.Brushing aside her nerves, Hermione turned away from her mirror to face her old friend. She gave him a weak little smile, her jaw twitching with trepidation."Wow, you look great, Hermione," he commented with a forced smile, causing her to raise one eyebrow in a cynical expression."Drop the act, Harry," she told him dryly, "we both know you're not thrilled about this."Her friend shrugged, avoiding her eye."Well can you blame me? You told me only six days ago that you were marrying Draco bloody Malfoy! It's not like I've had time to absorb it."Hermione breathed deeply and rubbed one hand over her forehead, careful not to mess up the small amount of make-up that Lavender had just applied."I know you don't like him-""That's an understatement.""-but this is my choice. He's changed a lot. You should give him a chance."Harry groaned and sat down heavily on the edge of the bed."He's just so…so… Malfoy!"Sophie looked up at him with her big brown eyes and nodded seriously."Did you know he was a Slytherin?" she asked as if it were a grand secret."Yeh, among other things," Harry murmured in reply with a slight scowl in Hermione's direction."At least he's handsome," Lavender chimed in, trying to ease the tension in the room, "not to mention as smart as a whip and deliciously wealthy."Hermione laughed at the slightly queasy look on Harry's face at this pronouncement. She stood and made her way over to him, placing her hands on his shoulders. The sudden flow of blood to her head from standing quickly made her a bit dizzy but she pushed through it."Harry James Potter. I know you're just worried about me and I think it's sweet. But you have to trust me when I say I know what I'm doing. I'm going into this marriage with my eyes open."Harry frowned and looked up at her, still unhappy, but with a hint of resignation in his eyes. Eventually he sighed and relaxed minutely."Just tell me you love him and that he makes you happy. That's all that matters."There was a pause as Hermione gathered her thoughts. It wasn't easy to lie to her friends, but she knew she was doing it for a damn good reason. Lifting her chin, she thought about her daughter. And about the life she would be able to provide for Sophie because of this agreement. About the legacy she could leave to ensure her little girl's future. A life that she might not get to see unfold, but would now continue to grow and be prosperous with or without her, thanks to Draco Malfoy."Yes, Harry," she replied in a quiet voice, no less sincere than if she'd actually been telling the truth, "I do love him. And he does make me very happy."Harry observed her for a long moment before finally nodding in acceptance. Lavender rolled her eyes and muttered something that sounded like "bloody men" before she swept the dress off the bed and held it up for everyone to see."Enough of the soap opera! Let's get this party started. We need to make you look so incredibly stunning that you knock Malfoy off his broomstick.""And that's my cue to leave," Harry muttered, giving her a rueful smile and rising to his feet, "I'll just wait outside, shall I? It's probably best if someone keeps an eye on George anyway. I think I heard him say something about fireworks earlier.""Oh god, please remind him that I will officially un-invite him if he so much as mentions fireworks again. This is the world's smallest wedding. We don't need any party tricks.""Will do," he assured her with a small salute, before exiting the room. Hermione let out the breath she had been unconsciously holding. She was starting to feel a bit faint in the head. But at least everything else seemed to be going relatively okay.Her parents weren't around to give her away, and her daughter still seemed to dislike her soon to be step-dad just on principle, but she had Harry, Lavender and George all here by her side to act as witnesses and support her.Maybe this day wouldn't be a total disaster after all."Are you ready?" Lavender asked her excitedly, and even Sophie seemed interested in the proceedings now that there was a beautiful dress involved (even if she had actually transfigured it out of some old bed-sheets).Hermione closed her eyes for a moment, breathing deeply in and out to calm her racing pulse. Her head throbbed and her stomach was rolling.But she was ready.Looking down at her daughter, Hermione smiled softly, a wave of determination giving her that last encouraging push she needed."Yes," she uttered in a strong voice, free from even the slightest tremor of nerves, "yes, I'm ready."……Draco was waiting anxiously at the bottom of the garden of his Kensington home, tapping one foot on the ground in a sign of impatience. They'd chosen the spot for a traditional hand-fasting ceremony because of the pretty little pergola that sat there, surrounded by leafy trees and interwoven with vines.It wasn't the usual pre-wedding jitters that were making him nervous, he presumed, from what little he knew about such things anyway. And it wasn't anything as asinine as cold feet. He was just painfully aware that in a few short minutes he would be married to Hermione Granger, and he'd be a step-dad to her daughter Sophie. The kid didn't even like him. She was as stubborn as her mother, he mused wryly.Maybe he was nervous because the thought of marrying Granger set off a rather unsettling feeling in his gut. It was true that it made perfect logical sense as a way to resolve both their situations, but there was just something that felt… dangerous about it all. Like he was getting himself in too deep.Draco glanced down at his watch, wondering why time seemed to be ticking by so slowly. He felt a hand clap down on his shoulder and turned to see Theo grinning at him like a fool."Bloody brilliant," his friend commented, "the prince of purebloods marrying the wizarding world's most famous muggleborn witch! It's a miracle. This will shake the socks off some of those stuffy old wankers who still insist on living in the Dark Ages. I love it."Draco glared at his friend."Spare me your enthusiasm. You know very well that this marriage isn't real.""Yes but they don't know that," Theo argued gleefully. Draco just shook his head and lifted his eyes briefly upwards. His friend had been ecstatic about the whole thing, which was kind of weird. He had been instrumental in drawing up the prenuptial contract that would protect him when they inevitably divorced (not that Granger was the sort to take advantage of him anyway). He was also taking his duties as best man far too seriously. It seemed that throwing a token wedding for a sham marriage wasn't going to stop Theo from supporting his best friend with a level of excitement that was troubling."I still can't believe she only asked for fifty thousand, plus the extra twenty from the divorce settlement," Theo muttered in bemusement, keeping his voice low so they wouldn't be overheard. Not that there were many people attending the wedding anyway. Just a couple of Granger's friends, a photographer and that eccentric girl from school - Luna Lovegood – who was apparently authorised to conduct the hand-fasting ceremony."All she wanted was trust money for her daughter for the future. I tried to ask her if she needed more-"Theo snorted."You tried to convince her to accept more money?"He shrugged and smiled wryly in return."Well she is putting her whole life on hold and lying to her friends and family for this. Any sane witch would have demanded millions, not just a few thousand. But we're talking about the most morally perfect little know-it-all on the planet here," Draco drawled, even as he tried to fight off an inexplicable blush that rose on his cheeks."Huh. Interesting. Maybe I've underestimated Granger all these years. How long until you can divorce her again?""Don't even think about it, Theo," he warned, shaking his head.Their conversation was brought to a halt when an extremely unwelcome but familiar face appeared from the house. Harry Potter had reacted to their engagement with predictable shock and outrage. But the moron had managed to pull his head out of his ass quick enough to decide that supporting his friend and attending her wedding was more important than his own petty grudges. Draco personally wasn't exactly thrilled by Potter's presence at his home. But he understood it was a necessary evil. Even Theo had gently reminded him sometime earlier that morning that this contrived connection to the Chosen One, especially if he appeared in their wedding photos, would only help Draco's case with the Wizengamot.With one hand twitching restlessly, Draco tried really hard not to draw his wand as Potter approached, but he couldn't stop the sneer from curling at his lips."I see you finally deigned to turn up, Potter.""I'm here for my friend," Potter told him with a slightly sulky glare.Draco snorted in disbelief. He'd noted that it had apparently been too much effort for any of the infamous Weasley family to show up. Except for one of the twins, he noticed – the one who'd survived the war, though Draco couldn't recall which one."Look, Malfoy-"Draco rolled his eyes with an exaggerated groan while Theo started chuckling in amusement at the obvious conversation about to take place."Let me guess. You're going to warn me that if I hurt your friend you'll hunt me down and make me pay for it!""Something like that," Potter grumbled, visibly peeved that Draco had anticipated him."You needn't bother, Potter," Draco drawled, looking bored, "Hermione is more than capable of looking out for herself. If I do hurt her, I'm sure she'd quite easily hex me sideways without any help from you."Potter seemed to reluctantly accept this point, and he could see the other man clearly struggling for how to follow through with his threat now."Yeh well… er…still! You'd better take care of her, ferret!""Why don't you go work on your insults instead of belatedly trying to play the protective friend role? Surely we've moved on since fourth year?"Whatever dumb retort Potter was about to spit out was interrupted by the arrival of the Lovegood girl. Her blonde hair was twisted into a bizarre plaited style, and her necklace appeared to be made out of a string of strawberries."Good evening, Draco. I can tell from all the Finklewarts in your garden here that this union has been magically blessed."Theo and Draco exchanged a dubious look. Before he could say anything, the Weasley twin burst out from the house with a goofy smile and bounded down towards them."You're eyes are gonna fall out of your head, Malfoy you lucky bastard," the other man chuckled, giving Draco a vigorous slap between the shoulder blades. He was starting to get sick of people striking him on the back with such enthusiasm. The Lovegood girl chimed in with her light airy voice,"Does that mean Hermione is ready to begin? Perhaps we should all remove our shoes and start the ceremony?"Draco nodded. They'd decided to go for a blend of wizarding and muggle traditions. So while they were doing a typical pureblood hand fasting, they'd also decided to wear muggle suits and dresses instead of robes. It would look fantastic in the photos for improving his image. And Draco had to admit that the clean-cut, tailored muggle suit in charcoal grey was very appealing to his figure anyway. He hated the more bulky traditional wizarding dress robes.The four men who were gathered there underneath the apple trees quickly removed their shoes and socks and placed them to one side. Theo gave him one more supportive thump on the back, a moment that was snapped enthusiastically by the photographer they'd paid for. The man was hovering nearby on the outside of the ceremonial circle, keeping a low profile as instructed.A slightly awkward moment passed while they waited. Draco's nerves increased a notch, and he had to remind himself that this wasn't even a real wedding. Not emotionally anyway. Then some figures emerged, bathed in the glow of the evening sunset. A light melody drifted down into the garden from the house.Draco blinked up anxiously as the three people approached.First came Lavender Brown. He'd been surprised to learn that the slightly vapid girl from Hogwarts was now best friends with Granger. But he'd met her the other day and she seemed to have grown up a lot. Despite the scar still etched on her face, she was a confident, funny young woman who really brought Granger out of her shell.Lavender was wearing a very pale yellow dress with a dainty white flower woven through her blonde locks. Walking down alongside her, clutching at her hand, was Sophie. The little girl was also wearing her favourite shade of yellow, a bit brighter, but despite the sunny colour, her face was twisted into a reluctant pout as she looked up at her mother's soon-to-be husband.Draco tried to smile at the little girl, but she hid herself behind Lavender. He knew she was shy and withdrawn around strangers (and him in particular), but he hoped it didn't cause any problems today. It was vital that the photos looked legitimate in the papers.But these first two arrivals didn't really grab his attention, not when he caught himself staring past them at his bride, jaw slackened in shock.Hermione seemed to float down across the grass, her bare feet making for a soft tread as she meandered calmly towards him. She looked almost ethereal, he thought, blinking rapidly to try and gather his cool. But he found himself transfixed.Over this past week, he'd allowed himself some time to ponder Granger's general attractiveness. He was marrying her, after all. She'd grown up a lot and, although she was overly thin from overworking herself and all the stress she'd endured, she was admittedly very pretty.But tonight she looked stunning.Her dress was clinging to her body, accentuating every dip and curve, before falling in flowing waves to the tops of her calves. The sleeves were long, down to her wrists, but elegant.He didn't quite understand it. The dress itself was very conservative by today's standards, and she wasn't showing much skin or anything. It just enhanced her beauty in all the right ways and he found that it held some kind of strange power over him as he traced her figure with his eyes.She'd left her hair down and natural, which he liked, merely sweeping the curls to one side to fall down across a single shoulder.As she approached him, Draco could see that she was watching him with a curious, inquisitive expression.Snap out of it you blithering fool, he scolded himself, realising he probably looked a bit gobsmacked, just as the Weasley twin had predicted. This close, he saw that she was wearing a little makeup, which was unusual for Granger, but it was light and natural, and drew attention to the appeal of her big brown eyes. He swallowed and remembered just in time to take hold of her hands to draw her into the hand fasting circle. Granger gave him a soft, tender smile. It was the kind of look you'd give to a lover, sharing some unspoken memory of whispered conversations and cherished embraces. He wondered for a moment if she'd gone crazy, but then he saw her eyes flicker sideways to the photographer who was madly snapping pictures and he gave himself a mental prod.Pull it together!She was just acting the part of the love-struck bride and doing so very convincingly, he mused.Well, if she could pull it off then so could he.Draco gave her a sappy, gleeful smile. He squeezed her hands and drew her closer, lifting one to his lips and pressing a kiss to her knuckles.Click went the photographer.Luna began the ceremony, but Draco started to tune it out a bit. He heard the occasional snort of laughter from Theo when the Lovegood girl kept referring to the power of the Finklewart spirits, but he was too busy watching Granger.Malfoy, he reminded himself, realising that he could no longer really get away with calling her by her maiden name. In front of her friends and daughter this week he'd started to force himself to us her first name, but it was a difficult habit to get used to.Hermione. Hermione Malfoy.They reached the part of the ceremony when their wrists and hands were bound by magic cords, and he wondered faintly whether she could feel his fingers trembling.He never thought in a million years that he'd be married by now. It was a pursuit that other purebloods often grew obsessed with, but he'd never had any inclination to find some witch to marry. He was happy by himself. It wasn't like he dated much or slept around at all. It was just easier getting by on his own. The war had taught him to trust nobody, and he'd carried that lesson with him ever since.He'd certainly never imagined that he'd be marrying someone as part of a pre-arranged contract. Draco wasn't the sort to fall in love with any witch, but he'd at least hoped to find some kind of mutual affection with his future spouse.Looking at Hermione now, with her compassionate brown eyes gazing up at him unblinkingly, he thought maybe things hadn't turned out so bad after all. He certainly respected her. She was intelligent, which he'd already known of course, but was just starting to truly appreciate. She'd already argued with him on several topics this last week, during which he'd found himself often losing to her superior powers of persuasion and her infallible logic.The cords wound around their hands and linked them together, glowing for a brief moment before the shimmer faded along with the setting sun. The strings of lights around the garden lit them in a golden glow, and that was it.They were married."You may now seal the magic of your bond with a kiss, and be presented as husband and wife," Lovegood sang in her mystical voice, and there was a split second where his eyes met Hermione's and they shared a visceral reaction that could only be described as panic. He could practically hear her thoughts because they mirrored his own.Oh shit. We forgot about this part.It wasn't like they could just skip it or refuse to do it. Their friends, except for Theo obviously who knew the truth, would think it fairly odd if they didn't kiss.So, summoning up the courage to power ahead, Draco lifted his hands to press his palms to Hermione's jawline until he was cradling her face gently. He gave her an apologetic but reassuring smile as he leaned towards her, and watched with slight trepidation as her eyelashes fluttered and she closed her eyes.Distantly he heard the Weasley twin give a low wolf whistle as their lips met, but his mind was occupied by other things. Like how bloody long it had been since he'd kissed a woman. And the heady scent of her shampoo… or maybe it was her body lotion. He wasn't sure. It also hadn't escaped his notice that he'd never kissed someone else so tenderly, just a pleasant caress of his lips against hers.Draco felt her breath on his cheek as she exhaled shakily, and he stroked her bottom lip between both of his.On some level he knew this would probably make a fantastic front page of the Daily Prophet. But every other part of his brain was unable to really appreciate this fact. It was too busy concentrating on the feel of her lips, kissing him back hesitantly, so soft and sweet against his own."Ew, gross!"They broke apart quickly at the sound of Sophie's disgusted tone. The adults gathered there all laughed when they heard the little girl's words, turning to see her nose scrunched up in horror as she watched her mother kiss her new husband."It's not gross, Sophie. It's romantic," Lavender told her, still chuckling."No, it's icky," she told everyone with a pout, tugging at her mother's dress as if to rescue her from the situation."They haven't even gotten to the really icky part yet…" Draco heard the Weasley brother muttering in a sly voice and Theo gave an amused snort in response.Draco followed all this a bit blearily, his head still spinning. He looked down at his new wife and saw that she was blushing with embarrassment. Her eyes flickered up to his and she gave him a sheepish smile that he quickly copied back to her. He resisted the urge to lean down and kiss her again. Clearly the whole fake wedding ruse was getting to his head."You have now fastened your hands and are bound in love, honour and duty to each other. I hereby present you as husband and wife."At Lovegood's words, a round of applause spread through the small group gathered there, although Potter seemed to go along with it more reluctantly than the others who were now cat-calling and cheering.Seemingly out of nowhere, Weasley produced a bottle of champagne and several glasses, which was met with a great deal of excitement as the celebrations began.…It was sometime later that Draco stopped and just sipped at the bubbly drink in his hand, staring pensively out at their friends who all chatted in animated fashion around him.George and Harry were currently entertaining Sophie by getting her to spin around in her yellow dress, which she did with a happy giggle. Theo had sidled closer to Lavender Brown, a charming and slightly goofy smile plastered on his lips. Lavender gave a few coy looks as they spoke, and Draco smiled in bemusement at their flirtation. Hermione, however, was fairly quiet just like him."Any regrets?" he murmured to her, just low enough that nobody else would hear them. She blinked and looked up at him, tugging nervously at one of her curls."Not really. It's just… surreal.""I know what you mean," he agreed with a wry smile, which she returned."Your garden is beautiful," she told him softly, "I guess this is exactly what I always pictured my wedding would look like whenever I felt sentimental enough to contemplate it. Although the groom is a bit of a surprise."Draco laughed. He noticed the photographer focusing on them, drawn to the sight of him smiling and laughing with his new bride. Seeing this, Draco quickly stepped in closer and wrapped his arm around Hermione's slender waist. He tugged her slightly towards him, hearing her gasp softly. Then he bent down and pressed his mouth to her ear so that nobody could hear them or discern his lips."You really do look lovely by the way."He had timed it just right and said just the right thing to make Hermione flush with pleasure and smile just as the photographer took his shot. She glanced up at him with an all too perceptive smile."Well played, husband."He tightened his grip on her waist, seeing the playful expression she was wearing."Why thank you, Mrs Malfoy. I imagine the Prophet will have a field day with these pictures.""You've certainly arranged it all quite ingeniously to make your point.""Indeed I have."Their friends spotted them standing close and whispering into each other's ears. It was Theo – the conniving bastard – who started to call out for them to have their first dance. The Weasley brother somehow contrived to get a slow, jazzy song to start playing inside the house, the sound drifting down into the garden. Objectively it was the ultimate romantic setting. The leafy hedgerows were swaying to the rhythm of the music, dotted with a pattern of flowers and fairy lights. Hermione chuckled under her breath, shooting him a wry, ironic grin that he couldn't help but return. Gallantly he held out his hand for her to take, sweeping her into his arms as they began to sway to and fro.The other guests paired off as well, all laughing and conversing merrily, champagne flowing in their veins now. Theo had managed to get his arms full of the curly blonde maid of honour and they were moving in close synchronicity together. Harry was doing an awkwardly polite two-step with Lovegood, while Sophie was standing on 'Uncle George's' feet as he bounced her around like it was a foxtrot.Hermione sighed, her cheek pressing closer to his as the camera snapped another photograph of them. Draco closed his eyes for a brief moment as the scent of jasmine drifted across his senses."Your daughter is not exactly my biggest fan," he mumbled in her ear as he noticed Sophie scowling at him from afar. Hermione blushed, smiling in embarrassment."She's only just met you," she reassured him in a gentle tone, "Sophie's quite slow to warm to new people. She doesn't trust easily. And you are the dashing man who swept in and married her mother out of the blue. That takes time to get used to."Draco smirked, leaning back slightly. He swayed them just enough to the side to lower her into a dip, supporting her back on one arm as he wiggled his eyebrows suggestively."Dashing, hey?"Hermione snorted, shaking her head as he drew her back upwards. They fell silent then, just swaying back and forth. The song continued on, and it was one of the more bizarre moments of his life. Slow-dancing at his wedding with Hermione Granger, who he used to despise and envy in equal measure when he was at school, was not something he'd expected out of life.His musings were interrupted by a sharp little gasp as his new wife reached up and touched one hand to her head as if in pain."Are you alright?" he asked her carefully."Ow… just…just a sudden headache," she mumbled, rubbing at her temple as she closed her eyes for a moment.Draco peered down at her, inspecting her face for any more troubling signs, but she just gave him an awkward grimace and waved away his concern."I'm fine, really. It's just been a long day."Draco nodded, though he couldn't help but worry at the way she winced when she spoke and the sudden pallor in her cheeks. It had indeed been a tiring day and evening, and he'd be lying if he said he wasn't exhausted himself. An idea struck him and he leaned back in to whisper in Hermione's ear."Do you trust me?"She tilted her head up and blinked at him, her deep brown eyes filled with curiosity rather than suspicion."That depends… what are you plotting?"Instead of answering her, he gave her a wink and turned to the friends gathered there. Wrapping his arm around her waist and tugging her closer, he managed to hide his face in behind her hair, appearing to the others as though he were kissing his way up her neck."Play along," he murmured against her skin.Hermione caught on instantly. She was obviously very weary because she clung to him tightly."How long until we can wrap things up?" he whined restlessly into her neck, nuzzling her shoulder as he spoke loud enough to be heard. Copying his lead, she gave a sultry, secretive chuckle that was similarly audible to everyone."Not yet, Draco," she purred, swatting the hand that was wandering at her waist before sighing dramatically, "I guess we'll have to wait."Her voice sounded disappointed; as if she was sad she couldn't jump his bones right this instant. It was Lavender who caught on quickest."Oh! Riiiight. Don't worry Hermione. We'll get out of your hair and leave you two to dance the night away."She gave the others a meaningful look and they nodded in agreement."Don't celebrate too hard guys," George joked.Visibly relieved that their friends had got the message, Hermione gave his hand a squeeze of gratitude before stepping away from him and over towards her daughter."Any plans for tonight?" Theo asked sneakily while the others were distracted getting their things together and saying farewell. "Need any pointers?""You know very well that nothing is happening tonight, Theo," Draco muttered a little bit resentfully, wondering how many wedding nights ended with the bride and groom sleeping fully clothed in separate bedrooms."I dunno… you were getting pretty hot and heavy over there with each other. And that kiss…""I'm a good actor," Draco told him dryly, avoiding his friend's knowing gaze."Not that good," Theo teased him before walking away to say goodbye to Lavender, who he'd been glued to all evening. Draco sighed and tried not to think too much about Theo's insinuation. Instead he looked over to where Hermione had pulled her daughter to one side to say goodbye.Draco watched them for a little while, a slight rolling feeling coming from his stomach. The two of them were hugging with so much love it was palpable. And even though Sophie looked a bit desolate, she gave her mother a big, affectionate kiss on the cheek and didn't cause a fuss."Say hello to the stars for me," Hermione told her in a bright, comforting voice. Sophie grinned toothily."And you say hello to the moon."The guests and the photographer disapparated away then, yelling their goodbyes and congratulations. Lavender was the last to go. She gave her friend a wink before taking Sophie's hand. The little girl waved at her mother, her eyes shining with love. And then they vanished too.He watched Hermione as she stared at the empty spot where they'd been. Her shoulders were tense and there was a slightly melancholy expression on her face. He just stood regarding her silently, waiting for her to be ready.Eventually she turned to him, a long figure, so pale in her white dress against the endless dark of the night sky. They gazed at each other seriously for a long moment, before Hermione finally broke the silence."So… what now?"… …… …… …And now they're married! Plenty of drama to come. We've got a long road ahead of us. Please leave a review – they inspire me to write!

Thanks for coming along for a ride on the angst train. Hopefully I'll be keeping up a regular writing routine – it's going smoothly so far. Weekly updates is about all I can do. Let's see how I go haha. I do always finish a piece once I've started though! Thanks for the lovely reviews – keep 'em coming! They inspire me.As always, JKR is the brains of this outfit.…Chapter Five……Hermione was sitting in the library, nursing a hot cup of tea and sipping slowly as her headache eased. She was peering around furtively at her surroundings as she waited for Draco to return. He'd handed her the tea before excusing himself with the promise to come back soon.Hermione fiddled with the hem on her sleeve, letting out a deep, calming breath. She was a married woman now. And to Draco Malfoy! That was sure to give anyone a headache right? But despite this excuse, she knew the truth. Her vision had grown dizzy and her head had ached all evening, an occurrence that had only become more and more frequent these last few months.And she'd been stupid enough to think that it was just stress causing these symptoms, nothing more insidious.What a total fool she'd been.Her mind was drawn back to the present when Draco re-entered, carrying a plate of fruit along with his own cup of tea."I thought you might like something to eat," he offered awkwardly, placing the tray down on the table between them. Hermione stared at the clumsy arrangement of strawberries, watermelon, pineapple and cherries with a growing smile."That's really thoughtful of you, thank you," she murmured, reaching forwards to select a piece. Maybe some natural sugars would actually do some good and ease her dizziness. Draco settled into the opposite couch, nibbling at some watermelon and looking rather awkward as he did."When will you file the new petition for your mother to be released?"Draco swallowed his mouthful and let out a deep breath."As soon as possible," he replied, running a hand through his blond hair, "I'm sure once the photos from today have been leaked and published in the Prophet, I'll have a bloody good chance of winning the appeal.""It was a beautiful wedding," Hermione agreed with a sigh, "I only hope for your sake that it wasn't in vain. That it will be enough to convince them."Draco smirked, sipping his tea and contemplating her steadily."As irritating as he is, Theo's right," he conceded eventually, "the Ministry will be wetting themselves to release my mother when they find out I've married you."Hermione frowned, pursing her lips and staring thoughtfully at the fireplace nearby."It's so strange. When I was younger the Prophet would write the most despicable trash about me. With your help if I recall," she added, shooting him an accusing look."Guilty, I'm afraid," he agreed sheepishly, but Hermione just snorted and continued,"Well, anyway, after the war they seemed to trip over themselves to get exclusive interviews and when I refused they just published these glowing puff pieces without a scrap of truth to be found. I suppose it was nicer than the horrid lies they used to print about me when we were in school, but still…it's one of the reasons I left with Viktor and kept such a low profile all these years."Draco nodded, munching on the last of his watermelon."I did wonder sometimes over the years why I hadn't heard any news about you in the papers…"Hermione blinked; surprised that he'd admitted that much."Really?""Well yes… I couldn't even swing my broomstick without hitting on some story about you in those first few months after the war."Hermione smiled wryly, remembering how crazy things had been back then. She'd been swamped by reporters every time she went outside. Fleeing to Bulgaria had certainly been a relief at first, despite everything that had happened afterwards. Then she wondered if that meant Draco had been looking for stories about her in the paper, but she quickly dismissed the thought.Feeling another twinge in her head, Hermione lifted her hand up to massage her temple, wincing in pain."Are you sure you're alright?" Draco asked with a concerned frown. She blinked across at him in surprise, wondering again when he'd grown up so much."I'll be fine. Just tired.""Would you like to retire for the night?"Hermione blinked."You don't mind? It's still quite early."He shrugged, a wry smirk on his face."It's supposed to be our honeymoon night. I think it's expected that we choose to uh…go to bed rather earlier than usual."She snorted."True."For a moment, Hermione wondered what it would be like if this were a real marriage. Would her new husband sweep her off her feet and shag her all night long? Would they laugh and talk, naked limbs entwined as they recovered from each round of love-making?Shaking her head, she tried not to look up at Draco, knowing that his cool good looks and handsome smile would only make her regret the depressing state of things; that she was in a fake marriage with this person and none of it was real.Not that she wanted to shag Draco Malfoy specifically. It would just be nice if she felt wanted again. She'd been totally celibate since Viktor died, after all.With a nod, Hermione rose carefully to her feet, fearing the headaches that had plagued her all evening. She tried not to think about the cause.Silently, she followed Draco as he led her through the enormous house and its maze of hallways and rooms. The bedrooms were on the second floor. There was a slightly tense air between them as they walked. She knew that her belongings had been taken upstairs earlier, but she hadn't seen it herself. She'd gotten ready for the wedding in a downstairs room, and this would be the first time she'd laid eyes on her new bedroom. She tried to focus on where he was taking her, learning the steps rather than dwelling on conflicting thoughts of honeymoon nights and her pounding head.It wasn't long before they reached a set of closed doors side by side."This is your room. Mine is the one next door," he explained with an awkward smile, pointing to the door entrances."Okay," she replied quietly. He shuffled slightly from foot to foot before speaking again, running a hand through his hair."There's a connecting door inside between the two rooms as well. I think this house was built during a more… conservative time for pureblood marriages. The master and mistress always had separate rooms in those days.""Right, okay," she repeated."Good…well, I'll just leave you to get settled in then.""Thank you," she murmured, grasping the doorknob before pausing and turning back to him, "I'll…uh…see you in the morning then?""Yeh, of course. I'm a fairly early riser-""Me too.""Alright then…"Hermione chuckled, shaking her head."Well this was awkward," she commented, causing Draco to smirk."Indeed. I don't think there's a typical or customary way of behaving in this situation…""No, I daresay there isn't."Draco smiled and took a step backwards to give her space. She slipped through the door, turning back to peer at him before she closed it. He was standing patiently in the hallway, watching her with a strange look on his face."Goodnight, Draco," she told him quietly."Goodnight," he replied weakly, and then she could no longer see him as she'd closed the door and was turning around to rest her back against it with a sigh.It certainly wasn't how she'd always pictured her honeymoon night.But all thoughts of Draco and the strange moment were cut off abruptly when she registered the sight in front of her. Hermione gaped at the luxurious space she found herself in, mouth open as her eyes passed over the decadent four poster bed, the light cream seating area against the window and the hint of marble in the bathroom to one side. Stepping hesitantly further into the room, her gaze roved around, taking it all in. The enormous walk in wardrobe, the ornate dressing table, positively dripping in perfume and jewels, the lush fluffy carpet.It was the kind of thing she'd only ever seen in designer magazines.She was instantly in love with it. Not only was it the fanciest bedroom she'd ever seen in her life, but all the colours and personal touches just suited her to a tee. The light, airy hues, with touches of royal blue and gold, were very much to her liking.It was perfect.Hermione's eyes filled with tears. She'd never imagined she would live somewhere like this. And even though it was only temporary, she could certainly think of worse places to spend what remaining months she might have. Living with Draco Malfoy was a small price to pay indeed to have some comfort and a beautiful roof over her head when she'd been struggling to make ends meet for so long. Sophie would indeed feel like a princess, she mused, just as Lavender had told the little girl.The thought of her daughter brought up a well of emotion. She missed her. They had rarely been parted like this before, and certainly not during the time when she would normally give Sophie a kiss and tuck her in.Hermione wandered back to the bed and collapsed down onto it. The mattress felt like a cloud beneath her and the blankets were soft and welcoming.A sudden wave of exhaustion swept through her again, and not even the vague idea of having a hot bath could convince her to move now.I could get used to this… she thought to herself drowsily, eyes fluttering closed.And that was how she began her first night as Mrs Hermione Malfoy.………When Draco woke up the morning after his wedding, nothing had changed. He was still alone in the centre of his king size bed like normal. He still wore his dark grey pyjama pants and his hair was still a bit mussed from sleep. All ordinary, routine things. The only thing that was different was the nagging sense that his dreams had been rather strange, but for the life of him he couldn't remember what he'd actually dreamed about.It wasn't until he'd cleaned himself up, dressed in casual jeans and a jumper and emerged curiously from his bedroom, that he noticed something different.There was a definite smell coming from downstairs. From the kitchen to be precise.Following his nose, he made his way there, spotting Hermione the moment he walked in. She was buzzing around with more energy than was probably acceptable for this time in the morning, but there was purpose to her movements.The now heady aroma was coming from the stovetop, where she appeared to be frying something. And Draco wasn't fool enough to deny that it smelled amazing. As she spun around to chop something on the counter top closest to him, he caught a glimpse of her face. Her nose was scrunched up adorably in concentration and she appeared to be miles away."Good morning," he greeted quietly, not wanting to frighten her.Hermione jumped a bit, but raised her head and gave him a pleasant smile."Morning," she said cheerfully enough, though her expression was still tense."What are you doing?" he asked."Oh…well…I tend to cook when I'm stressed. It helps to keep my thoughts focused."Draco cocked his head to one side as he approached the kitchen bench, perching on one of the stools there."What are you stressed about?"He noticed her go pale a bit and there it was again; the slight crinkling of her nose across the bridge as she smiled nervously."Just today… moving Sophie here.""Will she cause a fuss?""No of course not! She blusters and pouts a lot, but really she's very sweet, I promise. I just hope she doesn't hate me too much for uprooting her life once again. I can't count the number of times we've moved houses lately."Draco frowned."Why so much?"She shrugged, moving to add whatever herb she'd been chopping to the frying pan."At first it was to avoid the goblins from the bank. They couldn't harass and threaten me as much if they didn't know our address. More recently it's because I've been moving jobs and with the better salary now I could afford bigger rental places."He nodded, pleased at least that his company paid his employees a decent amount. He'd visited her little cottage and it was still quite run down and in desperate need of repairs, so he dreaded to think what kind of place they'd lived in before that. Draco was dying to ask more questions about her debts and what she'd been through, but sensed that she wasn't ready to open up about it. Instead he asked,"What are you cooking?"Hermione's smile brightened as she laid out two plates next to the frying pan."Oh just an omelette with a few special touches. You'll love it, I promise.""You cooked for me too?" he asked incredulously. She blinked, taken aback by his surprise."Of course. Is it so unusual for a wife to cook breakfast for her new husband on the first day of their marriage?"Draco snorted."In our case, yes."She just shrugged as she scooped the omelette onto the plate. He had to admit it looked divine, especially as he watched her sprinkle chives over the top as well as some salt and pepper.Following her lead docilely, he moved to the table where she had laid out some cutlery. Her bouquet of flowers from their wedding the previous day was sitting prettily in a vase in the middle of the table. As they sat down, her eyes glanced up towards him furtively, and he realised she was waiting for him to pass judgment on her efforts. He scooped up a piece on his fork and ate it, suppressing the urge to groan out loud.It was bloody fantastic."This is delicious. Where did you learn to cook?""Oh I just taught myself after Sophie was born. I needed to keep busy and I wanted her to eat well even if we couldn't always afford the best ingredients. I learned to improvise a bit. Of course, your fridge is significantly better stocked than what I'm used to, so I can't take all the credit."Draco was impressed once more, and his curiosity only grew at her comments. He ate another couple of mouthfuls before sighing."I can't remember the last time I sat down and ate a proper breakfast.""Really?""Mmhmm," he mumbled around a piece of omelette, "I'm usually in a hurry so I just grab a coffee before I go to work. Although on weekends the house elves sometimes make me porridge if I happen to be around and not at the office."Hermione's fork clattered down to her plate, her expression shocked, causing Draco to pause with his own fork halfway to his mouth."What?" he pressed, concerned by the horror on her face."You have house elves?" she whispered, a slight look of disgust curling at her lips. Draco pondered her questioning carefully for a moment, wondering why she seemed so appalled. He had a vague memory about something to do with her and house elves from when they were at school."Well…yes. All pureblood families do."He watched her shudder slightly as her eyes dropped to the table."Doesn't it bother you?" she asked in a quiet voice, and it suddenly struck him what she was thinking. Of course. How could he forget? The whole Slytherin common room had been in stitches laughing about her elvish welfare protection club. The name was something like BARF or HURL or something."Hermione, all the old Malfoy elves were freed the moment my father died," he explained, "the ones who serve me now are all paid employees."Hermione blinked, her brown eyes staring up at him with such a look of hope that it twisted something inside him."Really? You pay them?""Of course. Sometimes I have to argue with them about it, since they don't really like being paid, but I usually win. Convincing them to take time off is another story. I've yet to increase their leave time successfully. Somehow they always manage to sneak back in and do chores on their days off."Hermione chuckled, though the sound was rather choked. She looked at him with a shaky but tender smile."I'm sorry I underestimated you," she told him, but Draco just smiled and waved her off."I've given you no reason to do otherwise. In case you hadn't noticed, I was a little bit of a pureblood snob at school after all."Hermione chuckled before digging into her food again."A massive one," she told him thickly through her next mouthful and he laughed outright.………Moving Sophie in that afternoon hadn't turned out so badly. It could have gone better, Hermione mused, but the enormous bedroom they'd prepared for her helped to soothe her stubborn temper.The little girl still treated Draco with cold indifference, and glared at him every opportunity she could. But she was nevertheless visibly amazed at the yellow walls and daisy pattern in her new room. Draco had also managed to buy the biggest teddy bear Hermione had ever seen, and Sophie had promptly named the bear "Sunny" because of the spotty yellow bowtie he was wearing.Really, her new husband was being very sweet and considerate about everything. A week after the wedding, they'd developed an easy routine. Hermione would cook breakfast for the three of them every morning, which they'd eat together, before they went their separate ways for the majority of the day. Draco kept to his study and Hermione entertained Sophie, setting up her shelves in her room, doing puzzles together and teaching her basic lettering and numeracy. In the evening sometimes Hermione would cook again if she was in the mood, or Draco would call up and order takeaway from the local restaurants. He was always very thoughtful about what they wanted, and never let her pay a cent for food. Once or twice he had joined them in the living room for a movie night. Hermione had brought their television with her, and the pureblood was soon rather drawn to the strange muggle device. Even though they only watched children's films for Sophie, she noticed him laughing along to the story lines and hanging around to see what happened next."I don't understand, wasn't the Beast only eleven when she cursed him? Who curses an eleven year old for being a brat?" Draco muttered incredulously when they were watching Beauty and the Beast one night. Hermione chuckled, shaking her head."Well, you know, some eleven year olds can be really big wankers," she told him quietly, tilting her head and giving him a meaningful look. Draco snorted, knowing she was referring to him and the way he'd behaved as a snooty little first year."Whatever, at least I was always beautiful."Hermione laughed again, falling quiet when Sophie turned to them angrily to shush them as her favourite part came on.It wasn't so bad, Hermione mused, spending time with Draco like this. Both of them were waiting a suitable amount of time before returning to their jobs to create the illusion of a 'honeymoon' period. She was sure there would be nasty rumours around the office when people found out she was married to the big boss, but hoped that her work at least would speak for itself.It wasn't until the following Friday that the first story dropped in the Prophet. The photographer had leaked the pictures, as arranged, and the newspaper appeared to have jumped on it with their usual fanaticism. When Draco had unrolled the parchment at the breakfast table, he'd instantly let out a loud snort of laughter. While Sophie just ignored him, Hermione looked up from her food curiously. He passed it over to her and she let out a little gasp at the sight. Right there on the front page was a full moving photograph of her and Draco snogging. As she watched, the moment kept replaying, with the blond wizard cradling her face tenderly and pressing his lips to hers. She looked flushed and happy and was smiling when he drew back before it started all over again.Beneath this were a few smaller images of them dancing, her hugging Sophie at the end of the evening while Draco looked on fondly, and even one where Draco and Harry appeared to be chatting casually with big smiles on their faces."I don't remember this," she told him, trying to ignore the more eye-grabbing kiss shot and pointing at the one of him laughing with Harry. Draco snorted again."I do. I believe he'd just warned me to take good care of you or else. I found it amusing. Potter's about as threatening as a pumpkin pasty, after all."Hermione chuckled, shaking her head."He was just trying to be protective," she scolded lightly, turning the page to read the story that had been written. It was as inaccurate as it was romantic.She reached a passage that made her pause, narrowing her eyes.When asked about the infamously tense history between the couple from their school days, Mr Malfoy commented to our reporter 'I've always harboured a crush on Hermione. Even at Hogwarts I knew that no other witch could compare to her. I suppose my heart was just waiting for her to forgive me and maybe even feel the same way...'Hermione blinked, cocking her head to the side."Did you really say this?" she asked."Hmm?" Draco peered over the paper to where she was pointing, smiling sheepishly and nodding."Too much?" he asked with a blush of embarrassment."Uh no… I guess I just didn't realise you could be so…poetic."Draco looked a bit affronted."I'm not a bloody inferi you know.""I know!" she agreed, "but I didn't realise you were such a romantic. You always seem so pragmatic about everything."Draco just snorted again and buried himself in the business section of the paper while Hermione met her daughter's eye and smiled, rolling her eyes exaggeratedly."Look, Sophie – your dress is so pretty in this photo because you were spinning around!"Sophie examined the picture of herself closely, before looking over the article as a whole."Why does everybody want to read about you and Draco getting married, mummy? Are we famous now?"Hermione shook her head, tugging on one of her daughter's plaits."Not famous, really. But you might get a bit more attention now when we go places. People might say hello to you or ask you questions."Sophie seemed to consider this, frowning as she stared at the paper."Is it because I'm a princess now? Like Auntie Lavender said," she asked brightly after a while. Hermione laughed."Not exactly. But people might be excited to meet you because you're so special.""Okay," her little girl agreed with a shrug, "Can I go play with Sunny now?""Of course."Sophie left the table with a goodbye to her mother. She didn't say anything to Draco, who looked up curiously after she'd gone."What are your plans for the day?" he asked. Hermione sighed, looking down at the paper."I don't know really. We might go visit George later at his shop, or have lunch in the park. Why?"Draco cleared his throat and looked back down at his newspaper as if he didn't want to meet her eye."Well I was thinking you might like to go to the bank today.""The bank...?""Yes. We can…er…we'll need to pay those debts in person and sign off that they're settled."Hermione felt her mouth go dry and she nodded numbly, fiddling unconsciously with her fork."Right… yes. Uh…yes we could do that. There's no point putting it off."Draco was quiet for a moment."Is that okay? I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."She took a deep breath and met his eye."No, I'm fine. It was part of our agreement after all, and the longer we leave it the more interest they'll charge…""Good. Are you sure you're alright?""Yes, I'm sure," she told him, feeling a bit embarrassed. But she was determined to be honest with him, given their circumstances, "I'm relieved of course. But it just feels odd, you know? This debt's been hanging over our heads for so long. I haven't come to terms with the idea that it will all be over soon."Draco smiled. His hand twitched as if he was going to reach over and touch hers, but then he pulled it back suddenly."Maybe we can get some lunch and make a day of it? Now that the Prophet's broken the story, it might be useful to be seen in public as a family. And I happen to know a little French restaurant near Diagon Alley that's to die for."Hermione felt a small flutter in her chest but reminded herself it was all for show. They were trying to look good for the ministry to help his mother. It certainly wasn't a date, and just because she hadn't been treated to a meal by a man in four years didn't mean it was anything more! It was Draco Malfoy! Fake husband or not, one fancy French meal didn't carry any special connotations. He probably ate at snooty French restaurants all the time. Pushing aside these thoughts, she grinned and nodded in agreement."That sounds lovely, thank you Draco.""You're welcome. I'll call and make a reservation now."The two went their separate ways and Hermione frowned as she ascended the stairs towards Sophie's room to get her ready.It was surreal, she thought as she made her way through the house. By the end of today she would be absolved from all their debts. She'd be free to do what she wanted, and could finally think towards the future, for her and her daughter. She'd always imagined when this day finally came it would be cause for celebration. But the victory was bittersweet. Because hanging in the back of her mind was the knowledge that there was more to come. With the debt gone, all she had left was a pretend marriage, an innocent little daughter and an untreatable illness.The time for all-out denial was rapidly coming to an end.………The debt was resolved easily once they visited the bank. Malfoy Enterprises had a fairly large presence there from its various loans and start-up programs, and his own personal vault was one of the oldest and most valuable to be found.The goblins knew when to cut their losses.As he suspected when Hermione had first told him, the little beasts had set a totally unreasonable interest rate on the debt, and she'd probably paid thousands more than she would have if Krum had just borrowed his money from a muggle bank. Draco had a number of contracts with muggle banks across London – something he'd become interested in once he'd taken the business on a new path as far away from Lucius's corrupt former influence as possible.The Bulgarian Seeker had really done a number on the poor witch. The thought of what she'd been left to deal with made Draco furious. He was almost surprised at the force of his anger when he thought about it. He probably wasn't supposed to feel such a possessive sense of outrage on her behalf when their marriage was only a pretend one, but there was no denying the sudden urge he felt to protect her from the other man's devastating legacy.And so he'd ranted and raged at the goblins while Hermione sat meekly watching, brown eyes wide and amazed. He wasn't used to seeing her so overwhelmed, since she was without a doubt one of the strongest people he'd ever known. But this had been a burden she'd carried for years and it had clearly damaged her, not just financially but emotionally too. That only made Draco more determined to see an end to it. He'd finalised the account with a flourish of his quill, relinquishing the few thousand galleons remaining with barely a blink of the eye. It was a drop in the ocean for him at the end of the day, after all.While he was there, Draco also arranged to move a significant sum of money to Hermione's own personal vault. She seemed stunned by the move, but accepted it reluctantly after he won the first argument with ease. He owed her more, but had allowed her to talk him down to giving only thirty thousand on the condition that he could transfer more at a later date.The rest of the day had been significantly more difficult. Arguing with goblins and negotiating deals was something he was used to. It was just a normal part of his job. Having lunch with his new wife and step-kid was something else.They'd picked Sophie up from where she'd been spending time with 'Uncle George' at his joke shop before making their way to the restaurant. He'd realised belatedly that he probably should have picked a more family-friendly venue, but Sophie seemed to have a fairly open palate and she enjoyed the onion soup entrée and beef cheek main quite well. And the chocolate mousse was a definite favourite.What he hadn't anticipated was the strange feeling of intimacy, sitting with this new family and sharing a meal. It was all so domestic. So cosy.He watched Hermione lean over and wipe her daughter's face with the corner of a napkin where there was a chocolate smudge."Are you enjoying your dessert, Sophie?" her mother asked once her face was clean."Yes, mummy."The witch's eyes flickered over to his and she smiled sheepishly."It was very nice of Draco to bring us out for lunch don't you think?""Yes, I suppose," her daughter murmured, concentrating on the glass where she was trying to scrape every last morsel of mousse from the bottom corners. Hermione shot him a slightly apologetic look."We're not very accustomed to going out to nice places like this," she explained, trying to make sure her daughter didn't break the glass in her desperation to clear it out."Is it too much?" he asked with a frown, worried that she would feel embarrassed if he kept unconsciously throwing his wealth in her face."No, not at all… I… it's been lovely…" she took a deep breath and met his eye with a timid smile, "it was wonderful, actually. Everything was so delicious. I haven't had food like that in so many years.""You're welcome. Maybe we can make a weekly date of it," his eyes widened as he realised what he'd said, "Not a date date. Just…uh…have a meal out together, I mean."Hermione blinked a bit at his panicked backtracking before chuckling and turning to the side."Would you like that Sophie? To have nice meals together like this?"Sophie shrugged."You mean all three of us?" she asked with a wary flicker of the eyes towards Draco and Hermione swallowed visibly before nodding."Yes, of course."The little girl appeared to think about it very hard before finally nodding."Alright," she announced reluctantly before returning to her mousse with renewed determination."Okay then," Draco repeated with a pleased smile, glad that the girl hadn't just dismissed him outright, even if she'd lacked enthusiasm. But before he could say any more, he noticed something out of the corner of his eye. A reporter he recognised from the daily prophet was standing across the street, snapping pictures through the window at them. He was too far away to be intruding on them, but close enough to get good shots of them eating as a family. This was why he'd suggested a public outing… wasn't it?Making a snap decision, Draco reached across the table and took hold of Hermione's hand, turning it up to link their fingers together in a loving gesture."Maybe after you've both finished your dessert we can go for a walk in the park… the one across the street," he said the last part with a meaningful look, and Hermione was of course bright enough to pick up the hint. She glanced subtly to the side and saw the reporter with her own eyes before smiling affectionately at Draco and giving his hand a squeeze in return, running her thumb gently along his knuckles."That sounds lovely, darling," she told him with a convincingly sappy tone. Draco smirked a bit at the endearment."Darling?" he repeated teasingly."Too corny?" she asked with a chuckle."Too… too something…""Honey? Baby? Sweetheart?"Draco laughed as each option got more unpleasant than the last. Sophie looked up at them with a slight expression of disgust, which only made them laugh harder."Let's just stick with Draco, shall we? It's odd enough hearing you say that," he suggested finally once they'd calmed down.By the time they'd finished their desserts and Draco had requested the check, it had certainly not escaped his notice that they'd continued holding hands the whole time, and he was a bit sad when she let it go to help Sophie put on her coat.Maybe the intimate family lunch wasn't such a great idea.………It was during the middle of the night directly following their lunch outing when Hermione stumbled into the bathroom attached to her bedroom at Malfoy's London house. With a great heave she expelled the contents of her lunch, wincing at the tinge of blood she tasted as she gasped for breath.Body trembling, she clutched the porcelain bowl with white knuckled fingers and closed her eyes.And this was when she knew for sure.She was running out of time.………Oh no! But on the bright side, I think H&D are starting to get along quite nicely. Sophie still needs some work though…Hope you enjoyed – please review!

Back again! Weekly routine going strong. A lot of reviewers are very cross that Hermione hasn't told anyone about her illness! All in good time. Hopefully you'll forgive her for wanting to keep it to herself for the moment.Thanks for sticking around. As always, JKR created it, I'm borrowing it!……Chapter Six…Hermione rushed nervously around the kitchen, swiping mindlessly at the countertop with a cloth, rubbing away invisible spots and stains. She straightened a tea canister for the tenth time, burying her face in her hands and giving herself a small pep talk to try and pull it together.She was going crazy.Draco had been upstairs for a long time now, long enough to make her anxiety build to a worrying level. She had no idea when her new husband would be returning downstairs, with her new mother-in-law in tow. They'd arrived home from Azkaban prison the day before, and Narcissa gone straight upstairs to her suite for several hours to sleep, appearing almost comatose at first. The appeal approval letter still lay on the kitchen counter, tossed there by an ecstatic Draco as he'd rushed out the front door earlier that day.Everything had gone quickly but smoothly since their most recent pictures from Diagon Alley were published in the Prophet. The world now knew that they were married and the Wizengamot had reacted with predictable enthusiasm to the match. They'd been desperate after the war to re-design their public image to be more 'muggleborn friendly' after the disaster that had occurred under Voldemort's reign. The fact that they'd been so easily infiltrated and that ministry officials like Umbridge had actively supported and aided them in creating the muggleborn registration committee was a bit of a black mark on their reputation.Draco's marriage to her was just the trigger he needed to have the ministry scurrying to release his mother, with a flowery written apology sent in letter form, begging forgiveness for the delay.And now Narcissa would be living here with them.And Hermione was somehow supposed to convince the woman that not only did she love her son, but that their marriage was totally legitimate and not at all a financial arrangement just to improve his public image.That made it all sound so… tacky.But things had worked well so far, she mused, tapping her fingers on the bench top and blowing a curl impatiently off her face from where it had fallen rebelliously. They'd had one or two outings in public, and everyone seemed to be wholly convinced that they'd married in secret after some long, romantic affair had taken place behind closed doors. Her best friends even believed it!She just needed to act like she was totally and completely in love with him. Easy. It was a performance that had been worryingly simple to pull off so far. She tried not to think of the implications of that development, wondering when in Merlin's name the Slytherin prince himself Draco Malfoy had turned out to be a semi-decent guy who she shared a surprising amount in common with.Not to mention his money was literally going towards a last ditch effort at saving her life right now, she thought morosely, remembering the potion prescription concealed at the bottom of her handbag waiting to be filed with the hospital now that she could finally afford it.You should tell him… a tiny voice in her head whispered. But it was so easy to drown out that voice. Because she knew if she told Draco the truth about her illness now, after everything they'd already gone through, that he'd hate her. After the war, she knew Draco had found it difficult to trust people. And if he found out that she had essentially lied to him going into all this, that she'd proposed this arrangement under false pretences, she was afraid of what his reaction might be. She didn't want to lose his trust or his friendship, she realised.There was also the cold hard fact that she wasn't ready to confront the truth herself. Oh she was going through the motions of course. She'd acquired the money she needed for her daughter, so that she'd be provided for later in life. And she'd purchased the required potions to give herself a fighting chance. But actually telling someone would mean admitting out loud that she was dying. Hermione didn't even know if she had the words to say it. Even the thought of how people might react, the way they would treat her differently once they knew, it terrified her. What if Sophie picked up on some hint of what was going on?She's going to find out eventually…But that was an argument too painful to even contemplate. The thought of how much pain and heartache her daughter was going to endure twisted Hermione's very soul into knots and made her feel like she couldn't breathe.So no… she couldn't tell Draco. She couldn't tell anyone. Not yet.The sound of a throat clearing from the doorway signalled that Draco had returned with his mother in tow from upstairs and her heart skipped. Hermione quickly tucked her hair back neatly from where she'd been toying nervously with it, hoping she looked presentable. With a deep breath for courage, she made her way over to greet her new mother-in-law.Narcissa Malfoy certainly looked as bedraggled as she'd expected, even after a long sleep, but it was still a shock to see the previously austere, dignified woman so weak. Her now darker hair was stringy and limp and she was worryingly thin. She entered leaning heavily on Draco's arm, her gait broken as she hobbled forwards."Mother, this is Hermione," her son explained anxiously."Your new wife," the woman rasped, looking her up and down with a critical, penetrating stare."Yes, Mrs Mafloy. It's a pleasure to meet you…properly," Hermione said timidly, still tugging nervously on her hair."Hmmm. I wish I could say the same, but you must imagine my surprise when I heard my son was married. I didn't even know he was seeing someone."Draco coughed awkwardly, shooting her a meaningful look."I told you mother, we were keeping it under wraps.""Well you certainly succeeded. "Hermione chewed on her lip as she watched the older witch frown at her son in disapproval. She took a breath and tried again."Could I get you a cup of tea and something to eat, Mrs Malfoy?" she asked. It looked very much like Narcissa wanted to keep scoffing at her new daughter-in-law, but they could both see the tremor in her fingers where she held desperately onto a walking stick."Where are the house elves?" she asked with a frown, causing Hermione to purse her lips and bite her tongue."It's their day off," she replied shortly.The older witch sensed the tension in the room and released a long breath."Tea would be wonderful, thank you. It's been a long time…"Her words were interrupted by a choking cough as her body shuddered. Draco immediately stepped in, helping her into a chair at the small breakfast table to one side of the kitchen."Just take it easy, mother. The doctor will be arriving in an hour or so to give you a full check up."Hermione busied herself making tea. She also flicked her wand to toast some bread, wanting to keep the food plain and simple.When she walked over to the breakfast table, tray in hands, Narcissa shot her the first softer, almost grateful look. She placed down the teapot and a dainty porcelain cup before pouring the tea slowly for each of them. Tendrils of steam drifted up from the surface and she saw the older witch let out a sigh."I can't even remember the last time I had a cup of tea."The three of them sat together at the table, Hermione and Draco patiently watching Narcissa relish the first sip as she stiffly held the warm cup in her hands."How are you feeling?" Draco asked after a short pause."Tired. Confused. How did you manage to get me released on custody? The last time you wrote to me, you said the appeal had been rejected."Draco shifted uncomfortably in his seat."They changed their minds.""Because of her?" she pointed to Hermione who felt a bit affronted, but kept her expression calm. Draco exchanged an apologetic glance with her, clearly thinking of the story they'd come up with. He took a short breath."Nobody knew about our engagement or even that we were dating when I filed that first appeal. We were keeping it a secret from the prophet. It was Hermione's idea to move the wedding forwards. She thought it might help. Then once we were married...well…they…""Jumped at the chance for some positive press," Narcissa guessed with cynical accuracy, taking a dainty bite of her plain toast."Yes, we believe it improved the Ministry's general perception of me."The woman's eyes darted between the two of them, and Hermione got the distinct feeling that she could see right through them."Because she's a muggleborn," the woman concluded, her lip curling slightly down on one side."She is sitting right here," Hermione said sharply. To her credit, Narcissa looked somewhat chagrined."The wizarding world today is very different from the one you remember, mother," Draco reminded her gently. She gazed at her son, her fingers fiddling with the handle of her teacup."I should hope so."Hermione watched the woman cautiously, but there was no malice in her gaze, no particular sense of prejudice or distaste at the knowledge that her only son had married a muggleborn. There was merely a general distrust and suspicion. One could hardly blame her for being a bit dubious about their relationship, not when the first time she'd heard of it had been the day she'd arrived home from prison to live with them."There is…one other thing…" Draco began in a slightly nervous tone of voice. He shifted nervously where he sat, running one hand through his pale blond locks. Hermione's heart skipped. She knew what he was about to say. There was, after all, one big glaring addition to his household that Narcissa wasn't aware of.As if the very thought of her had been a summons, the fireplace in the far corner of the room suddenly roared to life and the cheerful voice of Sophie was heard emerging through the flames."Mummy?""Here, sweetie," Hermione called, rising to her feet awkwardly and accepting the crushing hug that resulted when Sophie threw herself into her mother's arms."Thanks George!" she called over at the fireplace where the ginger's disembodied head was still visible."No problem, Mrs M," he replied in a singsong voice before giving her a cheeky wink and vanishing in a swirl of soot. Sophie was still clutching her legs, but she peered up at her mother eagerly."Mummy guess what? Uncle George taught me how to make a paper dragon and then we made it fly all around the room and-"Sophie's voice trailed away as she seemed to suddenly realise that they weren't alone. She looked up at Draco with a slight glare as if just generally offended by his presence. But then her eyes passed over to Narcissa and she paused."Who's that?" she asked rudely and Hermione cringed."Uh…beg your pardon, Mrs Malfoy," she stammered, "this is my daughter Sophie.""Your daughter?" the other woman repeated, still staring in shock at the little girl in her overalls with a cream jumper underneath, hair tied up into slightly uneven pigtails."Yes. Sophie, I'd like you to meet…er…your new grandmother. This is Draco's mother."Sophie blinked up at the older woman who, even though she still appeared frail and gaunt, had softened somewhat at the sight of the little girl."You're Draco's mother?" Sophie asked bluntly, pouting and moving to hide behind Hermione's legs."Yes, dear, I am," Narcissa replied, seeming to find her senses again after being confronted with this latest shock, "and you seem to be a very grown up little girl! How old are you?"Sophie thought about this question, still peering out shyly from behind her mother's legs."Ummm… four.""That's a lovely age, dear. You're quite the young lady."Draco and Hermione stared at Narcissa with surprise. From what he'd described, his mother was normally quite aloof and cold. Maybe prison had changed her, she mused. Sophie frowned at the older witch, jumping from one foot to the other as she always did when she was thinking hard about something."How can you be my grandmother if Draco isn't my father?" Sophie asked, rather too clever for her own good as usual."But Draco is your father, because he married your mother," Narcissa told her gently."Draco's not my father," Sophie protested, looking alarmed. Hermione squirmed, giving her husband and his mother an apologetic look."Uh… I think she's still adjusting," she explained with an awkward grimace."That's an understatement," Draco grumbled, making Hermione wince in sympathy. Her daughter had certainly made the last couple of weeks very difficult for him. Narcissa just raised one eyebrow up at them both."Does this mean you don't want a new grandmother?" she asked the little girl in front of her in a mild tone. Sophie pondered this question carefully."What does a Grandmother do? I've never had one.""I'm not sure," Narcissa replied with a tired smile, "I've never been one. I suppose we play together, and read books. We could go shopping and I can do your hair if you like."Sophie's eyes lit up."Auntie Lav sometimes does my hair but she pulls too hard!"Narcissa chuckled, but it ended in a dry cough."Well grandmothers are always gentle and never pull too hard," she replied croakily. Sophie nodded thoughtfully, as if she was weighing this new information. Eventually she seemed to reach a decision, giving the older witch a beaming smile."Okay! You can be my grandmother if you like.""Can I?" the older woman asked with a wry smile, shooting a bemused look at the other adults, "well then you can call me granny."Hermione couldn't quite believe what was happening right in front of her eyes. Her daughter was actually warming up to Draco's mother quicker than she'd ever seen before. Usually Sophie was so distrustful and slow to give her affection to someone. Just look at her reaction to Draco. She'd been positively hostile towards him these last few weeks. And now here she was accepting this virtual stranger as her grandmother. Hermione blinked and shook her head incredulously, wondering why it couldn't always be this easy."Would you like to come to my bedroom and play with Sunny?" Sophie asked her new granny, practically vibrating with excitement,"Who's Sunny?""My teddy bear."Hermione was almost certain she hear Draco grumble something petulantly under his breath that sounded suspiciously like 'yeh the bear I bought her', which made her chuckle."Granny needs to rest today, sweetheart," Hermione stepped in and told her daughter, tugging affectionately on one of her pigtails, "she's had such a long journey to get here.""Aww okay," her daughter looked sad but then immediately brightened up in that way only a child could, and turned to Narcissa excitedly, "but you are staying here with us, aren't you granny?""Yes I've decided to come live here with you for a nice long time," the older woman told her, obviously choosing not to mention the fact that she had no choice but to stay here as she was on house arrest."Really? Then will you play with me tomorrow? Please?""Of course."Hermione ushered her out of the room then, wanting to give Narcissa a break from the little girl's exuberance. Once she had skipped off towards the stairs, there was a slightly awkward pause as Narcissa drained the rest of her tea between coughs."Your daughter is quite charming," she told Hermione eventually, obviously just as ill at ease as her new daughter-in-law in this situation."Thank you. She seems quite taken with you. Sophie's normally so shy and recalcitrant around new people.""You don't say," Draco muttered, but gave a sort of resigned grimace when Hermione just laughed at him."She hates me," he explained to his mother."She doesn't hate you," Hermione corrected with a smirk, "she's just not used to sharing me with anyone."There was a slightly awkward pause as they both quite clearly thought about how Sophie had absolutely no reason to be jealous of any kind of sharing on their part. Narcissa cleared her rasping throat and interrupted the silent pause."I certainly hope you both didn't rush into this marriage for my sake," Narcissa told them sharply, her eyes darting between the two of them, "Taking on a step-child is no small thing.""Don't worry, mother," Draco told her with a gentle pat to her hand, masking his guilty expression with remarkable skill, "we went into this with our eyes open. Together we'll get through this.""That remains to be seen," Narcissa murmured waspishly. Gone was the woman who had talked so kindly to Sophie and in her place was the austere, protective mother figure worried about her only son."The Medi-witch will be here soon. Would you like to meet with her in your chambers?" Draco asked."Yes, I'm a little…tired."Narcissa went to stand and immediately began coughing, the sound wracking her whole body. Hermione quickly passed her a handkerchief. After it had been pressed to the older woman's mouth, the pristine white cotton came away with small splotches of red blood, the red vibrant against the cloth, with tiny spindles creeping out at the edges."Mother?" Draco cried in horror seeing the bloodstains, but Narcissa just waved him off."It's just this infection, I'm fine. That dreadful place was so cold all the time…"Her voice trailed off and she got a distant look in her eye as if the very mention of Azkaban haunted her. Draco looked like he wanted to keep pushing the issue, but she could tell it was the last thing his mother wanted to bring up now. Hermione knew better than anyone that there were certain topics you just needed to keep private. The Medi-Witch would provide more answers soon enough anyway."Let me help you up to your room, Mrs Malfoy," Hermione offered, reaching forwards to take the older witch's arm and gently guided her towards the staircase. Narcissa obliged, probably because she was too tired to object. Hermione shot Draco a reassuring glance as she led his mother from the room.It was a slow journey back up the stairs, but eventually they made it to Narcissa's room. It was richly furnished in burgundy and gold and suited the woman very well indeed. Helping her back into bed, Hermione smoothed out her blankets and summoned a glass of water to her bedside table."I'll let you know as soon as the Medi-Witch arrives," she told her quietly, making to leave. But a croaky voice from the bed stopped her in her tracks."Do you love him?"She turned around to face the older witch, her heart missing a beat as she met the woman's penetrating gaze."Pardon?""Do you love my son?"Hermione just blinked at her, not sure what to say in reply beyond telling her a direct lie. She hadn't been expecting the question yet and wasn't prepared to spin a convincing story. When she paused too long, Narcissa pushed on with her interrogation."He's incredibly rich, successful, from one of the oldest and most respected wizarding families... a thousand girls would die to be in your position."Hermione almost laughed at the irony of her choice of words. It was dying, after all, that had directly led to this marriage, wasn't it? The fear of dying and leaving her daughter with nothing. She returned Narcissa's stare with a solemn one of her own."Your son and I may have had our differences in the past, but the Draco I know now is good and honourable and kind. And I'll bet those thousand girls probably wouldn't even care. But I do."Narcissa smiled ever so slightly, resting her head back tiredly on her pillow, eyes drooping. At least she'd stopped coughing. Hermione sighed in relief as the other woman fell quiet, backing slowly towards the door."Get some rest, Mrs Malfoy.""Narcissa."Hermione paused, turning back to face the woman again."You're Mrs Malfoy now too, aren't you? Call me Narcissa."Her lips twitched up into a smile, wondering if she'd just won some kind of battle of wills."Very well, Narcissa."………Draco leaned his forehead against the closed front door briefly once the Medi-Witch had left. His chest twisted in anguish as he sucked in a deep breath. His mother was sleeping deeply upstairs. She'd been given a potion that was also a strong sedative and would be out for several hours.Giving the door one last frustrated slap with the palm of his hand, Draco slowly made his way into the living room. At the coffee table he saw Hermione sitting on some cushions with Sophie propped between her legs. They were drawing a picture together using pencil and coloured crayons. Hermione spoke softly into her daughter's ear while they giggled softly.They made a lovely picture, curled up together sharing some quality time. Draco paused, leaning against the doorframe and watching them with a troubled frown. It was certainly true that he and Hermione had their differences, and calling their history 'complicated' would be the understatement of the century. There was still a strong sense of the old Hermione in there; desperate to prove herself, stubborn, precocious and, as Snape had always called her, a 'know-it-all'. But years of adversity and being forced to face the bitter realities of the world outside Hogwarts (not to mention a war) had changed them both. It was because of Hermione that he'd finally been able to sway the Ministry of Magic.And there was no denying she was an excellent mother.Her daughter clearly adored her and the two were so close it made him almost envious. Was it any surprise that the little girl seemed to truly despise and distrust him when she was so protective of her mother?His own relationship with his mother over the years had been… complex. Narcissa wasn't an openly affectionate person like Hermione. And she'd always been very strict. When he was young Lucius had been his dominant role model. His father had been an overpowering force in both their lives, limiting Narcissa's role as a mother because he didn't want his son to become 'soft'.But now… well, things had shifted a lot during the war. With Voldemort living in their home against both of their wills, they had forged a sort of bond of solidarity in order to survive. Their love for each other was not overt or demonstrative, but it was always there beneath the surface. These last few months fighting to get her out of that hellish prison had been a drain on his emotions, leaving him feeling raw. And only now were they starting to get the full picture about her time in Azkaban and the long-term consequences she would face as a result.At that moment Hermione looked up from where they'd been drawing, meeting his eye. She seemed to immediately detect that he was upset, for she cocked her head to the side with a worried gaze. Draco just grimaced, not sure what to say, especially not with her daughter present. Sensing this, Hermione drew her wand and tapped the finished drawing. It immediately transfigured itself into a delicate white frame."Why don't you go pick a spot in your room to hang your picture, sweetie?""I can hang it anywhere?""Anywhere!"Sophie grinned and ran from the room clutching the frame carefully as if worried she'd break it. She managed to find time to shoot Draco a small suspicious glare as she left, making him shake his head in bemusement."Draco?" Hermione called to him, gesturing to the other side of the couch on which she was now sitting. Draco dragged his feet as he made his way over and settled himself next to her. Immediately he dropped his head in his hands, letting out the breath he'd been holding."What did the Medi-Witch say?" Hermione prompted gently. Draco ran his hand through his hair, pushing back the few strands that were brushing his forehead."She's malnourished and her liver is damaged. Getting some good nutrition and taking a course of replenishing potions will help. But it's her lungs that are the problem. That last bout of pneumonia was very harmful. She's lucky she hasn't suffered from a complete respiratory failure yet.""Will she be okay?""I don't know. We'll have to wait and see how she responds to the first course of potions. I'm going to contact St Mungo's this afternoon and arrange for a doctor to come see her regularly at the house."He fell quiet, closing his eyes and wishing things had been easier. That he'd been able to do more. That his mother hadn't been punished for the crimes of her husband and son. The guilt was too much."Is there anything I can do?" he heard Hermione's soft voice ask at his shoulder. He looked up to see her impossibly deep brown eyes filled with so much compassion it made his stomach drop strangely."You've done so much already," he assured her. But she just shifted awkwardly in response."Not really. Not unselfishly."Draco shrugged."Well regardless of our contract, if it weren't for you she wouldn't have come home."Hermione frowned and didn't reply, although her expression seemed almost troubled. Draco leant back into the couch cushions, observing her silently."I tried so hard to keep her out of Azkaban, you know," he told her softly before pausing for a long time as he gathered his thoughts. Hermione waited patiently for him to continue, which he eventually did."It should have been me," he murmured, head bowed in shame, "I was the one with the dark mark. I was the one who'd hurt people. Not my mother. She just swapped one prison for another." He took a shaky breath and closed his eyes. "I couldn't protect her back then. And I'm afraid I'm going to fail again now."He felt a tickling sensation on his hand and looked down to see the tips of Hermione's fingers gently closing around his knuckles."You are protecting her," she whispered gently."It's not enough," he protested. But she shook her head and her grip on his hand tightened."You're a good son, Draco. Just look at us for goodness sake! You married someone you used to hate, someone you hadn't spoken to in years, just to get her out of there. You are taking care of her.""And what will I do if she suffers or god forbid dies now after everything that's happened?"Hermione looked sadly at him, a little crease appearing between her brows. She chewed her lip for a while as though deep in thought and replied,"Then she'll die knowing that her son fought for her. She'll die in her own bed, having spent her remaining days with someone she loves. That means a lot, Draco."He blinked, his attention fixated on the weight of her hand on top of his and the resounding tingle in his arm. The sincerity in her dark brown gaze was entrancing and he so badly wanted to believe what she was saying. Visibly swallowing, she continued in a hoarse voice."Life can be unpredictable and stupid and so, so unfair. Don't waste time regretting things you could have done differently. Your mother is here now. Just spend time with her. Talk with her. Show her what a strong, brave person you've become. I promise you, that's all she wants in the world. That's all any mother wants."He nodded, giving her a watery smile. Inside his heart was pounding. In one short conversation Hermione had just shown him more compassion than he'd probably ever encountered in his entire life. He didn't know how she could speak to him with such conviction, such tenderness. Not when all he'd ever done was treat her with cruelty and disdain in their not so distant past.Sitting with her here and now, there was something so right about it all. He'd never pictured himself as a married man, but he wondered if this was what all the fuss was about.Not the excitement, the passion or the sex.The companionship.The knowledge that you weren't alone in the world. That there was someone else to bear witness to your life and stand by your side no matter what.Someone to see the best in you. Even when you couldn't see it in yourself.And right then, for just a split second, barely enough time to take a breath, Draco wanted it all to be real so badly he could taste it.……….And now Narcissa is home! Will they be able to convince her? Will Sophie ever warm to her new step-dad? Thanks for reading, please review to inspire me!

Back again everyone. I won't delay you this week, let's just get straight into it. I'll be interested to see your reactions this time.As always, JKR is the professional storyteller here, I'm just the amateur.Chapter Seven……Draco hurried over towards the gated playground across the street, double and triple checking the address to make sure he was in the right place. Sure enough, there through the fence he spotted Sophie playing in the distance, her hair twisted into a bun on top of her head with a bright bumblebee clip sticking out one side.He looked down at his watch briefly and quickened his pace towards the entrance to the play centre. About fifteen minutes earlier he'd received a call on his muggle mobile from Hermione. She'd been unavoidably delayed at work, it seemed, and she'd asked him if he could pick up Sophie from day care. On the phone she'd sounded quite distressed and more than a little tired. He knew he was technically her boss now, but it wasn't normal for him to step and get involved in the smaller departments and he didn't want to show favouritism. He thought it was just easier if he did as she asked and helped her with Sophie. She was more than capable when it came to her work and he didn't want to seem interfering.He did, however, find it rather depressing that she'd called him as a last resort. She'd told him she'd tried Lavender and George and even Potter, and none of them had been available. Which was fair enough. Sophie didn't even like him. In fact, he was a little bit nervous about how the little girl would react to him picking her up in front of all these people.Draco entered the centre through the main gate where a lady was standing with a pleasant smile on her face, marking names off on a clipboard as each child was picked up by a parent. He waited patiently while she spoke to another mother there and looked around, curious about the place. It was a very muggle establishment. Hermione had explained it to him a few days ago. Apparently these muggles liked their children to socialise with other kids their age. They did sensory play and gardening and craft, all valuable learning experiences before they moved on to the next level of their schooling. Draco thought it was ingenious. Why didn't the wizarding world have properly managed facilities for their children? He'd personally spent more time as a kid with house elves rather than other children. Maybe if things were different they wouldn't all be so entitled and sheltered when they arrived at Hogwarts for their first year.It did also somewhat explain Hermione's anxiety over money. With all her crippling debts, she'd barely been able to afford nice things like this for her daughter, especially since it seemed as though muggles charged an absolute fortune for good day care.Knowing that it was now technically his money paying for this experience, he was even more interested in what they offered. Letting his eyes wander, he found them drawn to where Sophie was siting cross-legged in one corner under a tall oak tree. There weren't many kids left, as it was late in the afternoon, so she was all by herself. She had two plush cat toys and seemed to be staging some kind of scene or conversation between them. There was a contented smile on her face.But as he watched, one of the remaining boys ran over. He was a little taller than her, with a slick haircut and shiny white sneakers.Draco couldn't hear what the boy was saying, but he did see what happened next. The kid reached down and snatched one of the cats right out from Sophie's hand. He dangled it out of her reach with a taunting sneer, laughing and jeering at the girl who sat there despairingly at having her toy stolen. She tried to reach up and grab it back, but the boy just pulled harder. The force of his tug made her topple forwards and her knee was scraped roughly against the pavement. Draco watched furiously as Sophie's face crumpled and her eyes glistened with tears that were about to fall.Before he really knew what he was doing or had enough sense to talk himself out of it, Draco was striding over to the tree as fast as his legs could carry him.He knew he was tall, and his slick features were intimidating. Without a word he used his superior build to spin the boy around by his shoulder and grab the cat from him, towering over him and glaring down with as much hostility as he could muster.The boy cowered. He looked like he might protest but an almost growl from Draco stopped him. After a long pause he finally leaned in slightly closer, steely grey eyes fixed on the boy."Get lost, you little brat," he snarled, emulating the fearsome Severus Snape to the best of his ability and probably making the boy almost wet himself. With a slight whimper the kid ran off in an absolute panic, disappearing within a split second.Draco looked down at the toy cat in his hand. The boy had managed to rip out one of its eyes when he yanked it so roughly from Sophie's hand. Darting his gaze around to make sure nobody was looking, he hastily gripped his wand in his pocket and cast a reparo on it, watching as it mended itself back to normal.When his attention moved away and he looked down at Sophie, he saw that she was gazing up at him steadily with those deep brown eyes that reminded him of her mother."Here," he said a bit awkwardly, handing her back the cat. She took it daintily in her hand as if it were something precious. Once she'd inspected it to make sure it was okay, she hugged it to her chest and directed her stare unblinkingly back up at him again. He noticed that a few small beads of blood were starting to gather on her knee where it had been grazed against the pavement."Let's fix that up, okay?" he murmured gently.Still gripping his wand surreptitiously in his pocket, he knelt down and cast a basic healing charm, watching as the skin knitted together, before removing the blood with a quick evanesco. The whole time he was healing her, Sophie didn't say anything, but her eyes were swimming with something different, something he'd never seen before. Like awe or wonderment."Uh… excuse me?"Draco jumped and stood up, turning to see the smiling lady who worked there standing to his right. She was looking between him and Sophie with a questioningly lift of one eyebrow."Er, hi," he stammered, holding out his hand to shake, "I'm Draco… Malfoy."The woman's eyes widened in recognition."Oh right! You're Sophie's step-dad, yes?"He nodded, eyes darting towards the little girl and wondering if she was going to object to the term like she always did. But Sophie was just silent, watching them with those big brown eyes."Yes, Hermione was held up at work-" he began to explain, but the woman just lifted a hand and waved it off."It's fine, she already called ahead and let us know you'd be picking Sophie up today!""Well… good! That's good. Do I need to…er… do anything?"The woman grinned."Not at all. I've checked her off so you can take her home now.""Thank you," he said, before tentatively holding out his hand for Sophie to take, since she was still sitting on the ground under the tree."Bye Sophie!" the woman called with a cheerful wave as she moved onto the next parent that had arrived. Once she was gone, Sophie watched him for another second as if trying to come to a decision. Eventually she reached out and accepted his hand, letting him pull her to her feet.She kept clasping his hand as they left the playground, walking close to his legs. When they passed the bully from before, her grip tightened and she inched even closer to him. Draco repressed a smirk, shooting the boy a glare that made him squeak and run away again. He faintly heard Sophie sigh with relief. He was grateful as they left the playground and emerged onto the streets of London that she maintained her firm hold on him.Luckily it was a quick walk to the house down some nice, quiet tree-lined streets. Hermione had enrolled the girl in the nearest local child care, knowing how convenient it would be to be close to her new home. It also happened to be a fairly posh neighbourhood and he knew without his funds that she wouldn't have otherwise been able to afford such a nice establishment for the girl.They walked quietly together, not speaking but still holding hands for a block, before Sophie suddenly broke the silence and pointed to something."Look! Draco look!"He peered into the garden she was referring to, a rather impressive one off to the side of one of the larger estates. There, nestled under a bush, were two little kittens, curled up together and licking at each other's fur. The first one was all black, but the second had little white patches on him and socks on his feet.He let them slow to a stop so that Sophie could peer through the bars of the fence and watch the kittens cuddling."They're just like Mr Thomas and Mr Ferris!""Who?""The kitties I was playing with before," she explained as if it were obvious. He realised that she was probably referring to the two toys she'd had at the playground. The ones that she'd been playing with when that snot-nosed little bully had turned up."Do you think this is their home?" she asked him, looking up at him with open curiosity in her eyes. It was the first time she'd spoken to him without bitterness colouring her voice and Draco felt his chest tighten nervously."I don't know," he answered, "they've made a bed for themselves. See how they're burrowed into the bushes?""It's like a little garden house!""Yes and see those vines there look like a window!"She nodded excitedly, cocking her head to one side."But who will feed them? I always invite Mr Thomas and Mr Ferris to my tea parties and they love to eat cake!"Draco smiled."What kind of cake do they like to eat?" he asked.She thought about it for a long moment."Chocolate.""That's my favourite too," he told her."Really?" she asked him with a smile, revealing the tiniest gap between two of her baby teeth where one had recently fallen out."Yep," he told her seriously, "in fact, I sure am craving a piece of chocolate cake right now. A really rich one with thick, gooey icing. What do you say? Shall we go home and have our own tea party?""YES please!" she squealed with excitement, "can we bring the kittens?"Draco looked over at the bush, watching the kittens perk their heads up at a distant sound. Before he could answer they'd rushed off deeper into the garden and were no longer visible."Maybe another time. Looks like they're busy today.""Do you think they've already been invited to another tea party?""Probably. I tell you what, we'll save them some cake."Sophie grinned toothily again and tugged on his hand to keep walking. Draco followed obediently, a pleased smile tugging at his lips. As they walked, Sophie regaled him with energetic stories about her day. She spoke more to him in the five minutes that followed than she had in the whole month that had passed since the wedding.It felt nice, he thought, their joined hands swinging up and down between them. Her little fingers were so small in his. And when she grinned up at him he swore his stomach did somersaults. He'd probably give her a thousand pieces of chocolate cake as long as it kept her smiling at him.He really couldn't believe it.She was finally smiling at him!And when she did, she looked so much like her mother it was like a punch in the gut. What were these Grangers doing to him?………Hermione finally managed to clamber to her feet, her clammy hands clutching the edge of the desk to support her. Tugging her handkerchief out of her pocket, she dabbed at her nose, which had started to bleed a while ago. It was almost dried but still came off easily, staining the cotton red.Blinking, Hermione looked around the room, noticing how dark it had become. She'd completely lost all sense of time. Letting out a heavy sigh, she glanced down at her watch and cursed.Oh god, I'm so late!She'd been delayed earlier when she'd gone to file her paperwork for the day. All of a sudden an excruciating headache had brought her to her knees. Cowering behind her desk, Hermione had curled herself into a ball and screwed her eyes shut tight. Everything hurt. Her vision had blurred and she was trembling violently. She'd been sluggish and tired all day, but this was like nothing she'd ever felt.When some unknown time had passed and it didn't subside, she'd fumbled for her phone. Hermione had just managed to gather her senses long enough to place a call to Lavender. Then George. She'd even tried Harry. But they were all working or busy. Finally, in a fit of desperation she'd called Draco.Hermione had been very grateful a few weeks ago to learn that he used telephones in his companies instead of charmed memos or owls, integrating muggle technology into the more antiquated wizarding business. It was even more evidence of how much he'd grown and changed over the years since the war.She'd managed to stammer out some kind of excuse over the phone, silently hoping that he wouldn't ask too many questions. She'd almost wept with relief when he'd agreed so readily to pick Sophie up from day care. It was still bizarre being on the receiving end of his kindness. It was so outside their former experience it was taking some time to get used to. Hermione had no idea how she'd managed it, but she'd also held onto her wits long enough to call the day care and give them a heads up that Draco would be coming that afternoon.Then she'd collapsed, holding her head in her hands and whimpering as she tried in vain to take deep breaths and not lose consciousness. The darkness seemed to envelop her senses completely. She wondered if it was because she hadn't started her course of potions yet. Finally she had access to money – Draco's money - and had ordered the treatment, which was now being brewed by the hospital. But was it too late? Was the dark magic growing? It felt like a storm was raging inside her head.And then just as suddenly as it had started, it was over.Hermione hurriedly packed up her bag, clearing her few belongings up and checking her watch again. Her head felt a bit fuzzy and the floor seemed to be tilting slightly underneath her feet, but it was nothing like the earlier pain she'd experienced.Now she just needed to get home to Sophie.While she had come to trust Draco a great deal, Hermione knew that things were tense between her new husband and her daughter. She was more worried that Sophie would be difficult for him. Even though she was really a sweet, kind-hearted little girl, she did inherit her mother's stubbornness.Hermione spun out of the floo with a stifled groan. As if the room wasn't spinning enough before, now she could barely see straight. Damn wizarding transport. She held onto the brick edge of the fireplace for a moment to steady herself before making her way into the room.The house was silent, not a single echo of voices to be heard anywhere in the vast downstairs rooms.Oh Merlin, it was so late.Hermione rushed through the house and up the stairs to the first floor, her stomach twisting in guilt, wondering what on earth poor Draco had been forced to endure.She saw a light shining out from under the door to Sophie's room and breathed a sigh of relief. At least they'd made it home. As she neared the door, Hermione paused.Was that… no, it couldn't be!She pressed her ear to the door and sure enough, the distinctive sound of laughter was drifting faintly out from Sophie's bedroom.Laughter?Hermione quietly pushed the door open and peered inside. What she saw made her jaw literally drop open and she had to blink to make sure she was seeing things properly. It was possible that she was still back at the office and was hallucinating or something.Sophie sat on the floor next to a low table that had been laid out with a full children's tea set. She was pouring from the teapot into one of the dainty floral cups. And cramped up on the floor next to her was none other than Draco Malfoy. He looked incredibly awkward sitting cross-legged. He was so tall that his knees were sticking up strangely. But he was sipping at his tea and engaging in silly conversation with the array of soft toys that were displayed around the table as fellow tea party guests, while Sophie giggled hysterically. She also noted that not only was Sophie actually pouring real tea instead of pretend (Lavender tea by the smell of it) but in the middle of the table there also stood a delectable looking piece of chocolate cake.Hermione allowed a smile to creep onto her face. Looking at the two of them playing and chatting together warmed something deep inside her. It was still very much the same Draco sitting there before her, his haughty, aristocratic features complemented by a sharp suit that was probably worth a fortune. But as she watched, she noticed the softness in his gaze, the affectionate smile, the way he puffed out his chest with pride every time he made Sophie laugh.Her little girl had been fortunate enough to gain a couple of positive male role models in her life in the form of George and Harry, but she was still sorely lacking. And she'd need as much love and support in the coming years as possible. Hermione just hadn't realised that it might possibly come in the form of Draco Malfoy of all people.Then again, for all she knew he'd want nothing to do with either her or Sophie if he found out the truth about why she really needed his money and about her deteriorating condition. It was this fear of his reaction that was partly responsible for her keeping silent. That, and she didn't' want to make people worry about her. She'd been worrying about herself for so long now, it didn't seem right to suddenly share such a burden.Lost in her thoughts, she blinked in surprise when Sophie's eyes darted up and she saw her mother standing there in the doorway."Mummy! You're home!"The little girl ran over and launched herself at her mother. Hermione bent down to give her a big bear hug, rocking her back and forth as she held on tightly."Oh I missed you!" Hermione purred playfully into the hug, before letting go and looking around the room, "what have the two of you been up to, huh?""We're having a tea party and everyone was invited! Except the kitties couldn't make it because they were busy.""A tea party? How lovely."Sophie nodded eagerly before pointing to the table and the glistening chocolate cake sitting there, cut into a perfect slice with a strawberry sitting daintily on top."We saved you a piece of cake!""Did you? Oh thank you very much!"Her daughter shrugged, blushing bashfully."It was Draco's idea."Hermione finally lifted her gaze to meet her husband's. He was smiling a bit sheepishly at her and was rubbing the back of his neck."Well thank you, Draco," she repeated, giving him a reassuring look that she hoped conveyed how truly grateful she was for everything he'd done."No problem," he muttered, a bit embarrassed."Will you eat it now?" Sophie pressed, reaching over to fetch the cake. Hermione looked at the dessert, cringing as she felt a responding twist in her stomach at the thought of eating. Her body was still in a state of near shock from earlier, and a wave of nausea told her she wouldn't be able to keep it down. She stopped Sophie with a gentle hand on her shoulder."Oh not right now, sweetie. I haven't had dinner yet, and you simply can't have dessert before dinner!"Sophie looked up at her with big brown eyes that were filled with sadness."You haven't had dinner?"Hermione shook her head with a little smile and a shrug, trying to keep it casual."Not yet.""Draco and Granny and I had Ling-weeny…""Linguine," Draco corrected with a smirk, meeting her eye, "Don't worry, Rolly made it, not me!"Hermione chuckled. Draco was notoriously bad in the kitchen. She had no idea how he managed to burn everything, even toast. But Rolly was the head of the house elves and a much better chef than his master. He did indeed make the most delicious, healthy foods when Hermione was too busy to do it herself. She still loved cooking, but also enjoyed the cheerful company of Rolly who would stay by her side and help her chop ingredients and such when she was in the mood to cook."We… uh…saved you a plate, downstairs," he continued, nervously pushing his hair off his forehead, as was his habit."Thank you," she murmured, touched that he'd not only looked after her little girl with no complaints after a busy day at the office but that he'd also thought of her needs too."You have to eat dinner, mummy," Sophie scolded, "so that you can grow big and strong, like me!"Hermione laughed and tugged on one of her daughter's pigtails."Big and strong like you, huh? But little girls only grow when they're sleeping! And it's already past your bedtime."Sophie considered this logic for a moment before nodding seriously in agreement."You're right," she declared after a moment, "I'll have to sleep so I can get really tall. Like Draco! He's taller than even a tree!"Hermione glanced at the man appraisingly."Is that so? Taller than a tree?"Sophie hummed solemnly."Mmhhmm. He's sooo tall that even Daniel Fletcher was afraid of him, and Daniel is one of the scariest people I know."Hermione frowned, cocking her head to one side and looking at the blond wizard questioningly."I'll explain later," he murmured sheepishly, a pink blush spreading across his pale cheeks. Hermione watched him curiously, wondering who Daniel Fletcher was and why it had made him appear so self-conscious."Alright, missy, let's get you into bed then. The sooner you go to sleep the taller you'll be!"Sophie rushed over to her dresser, pulling out her yellow pyjamas eagerly. Hermione was a very lucky witch. Her daughter had always been a good little girl, relaxed at bedtime, she slept through the night and she followed her routine without a fuss. Together they cleaned her teeth, got dressed into her pyjamas and then she jumped in and snuggled up in her bed as Hermione drew the blankets firmly around her body and tucked them in. Almost immediately Sophie's eyes began dropping. She'd clearly had a big, tiring day. She smiled sleepily up at the two adults in the room."Thank you for coming to my tea party, Draco, and for the chocolate cake," the little girl mumbled drowsily, and Hermione witnessed that one split second when the wizard gave Sophie a truly genuine smile with no hint of a smirk or sneer. It made him look rather…adorable, she thought."Goodnight Sophie," he replied, seemingly unable to wipe the smile off his face."Goodnight Draco! Goodnight Mummy!"Hermione leaned down to give her daughter a kiss on the forehead."Say hello to the stars for me.""And you say hello to the moon."………By the time they made it back down to the kitchen, Draco could still feel his cheeks straining from a smile that wouldn't go away.What's wrong with you? She's just one kid… he tried to remind himself firmly, but to no avail.This evening Sophie had finally let him in. She'd been eager for his company, and for a brief couple of hours he'd almost felt like…like a…A friend? A father?He wasn't sure. It was so beyond his experience as to be ridiculous. Lucius had never played with him, fed him or helped to tuck him into bed. They'd never laughed or had any kind of physical contact or affection, really. Whatever it was that he'd experienced with Sophie tonight, it had been beyond his understanding. He was left feeling pleased and confused and a little bit terrified.Because when he inevitably divorced Hermione in a year or so, he'd probably never see the girl again. Perhaps it had been better when Sophie had hated him. At least then there was no risk of someone getting their feelings hurt.His attention was diverted from these bleak thoughts by the sound of Hermione's weary sigh as she sunk onto one of the bar stools at the edge of the kitchen. He watched as she rubbed her fingers across her forehead as if soothing a headache, reminding him of her late arrival home."Everything okay at work?"She looked up at him then, her big brown eyes wide and almost afraid for a second before her gaze dropped back down to the counter."Work? Oh…yes. Everything's fine. Just had some last minute problems to solve on a product launch but it's all good now."Draco noted the slight flush to her cheeks and the way she couldn't quite meet his eye, but he figured she was probably just tired and hungry."Let me get you some dinner," he offered, hurrying to the opposite counter where he'd kept a plate of pasta under a stasis charm earlier. He quickly cancelled the charm, cast an extra reheat spell and grabbed some cutlery from the draw. As a final touch he summoned a small amount of parmesan cheese from the fridge to scatter over the top of the dish.When he placed the food in front of Hermione, she gave him a shaky but grateful smile. She picked up her fork, tentatively raising the first bite to her mouth and chewing slowly."Are you sure you're alright? You look a bit peaky," he noted, seeing the way she nibbled at her food so gingerly, face very pale in the dim lighting of the kitchen so late at night. Hermione swallowed, giving him a slight nod."I'm okay. How's your mum?""She's doing a little better today. She even joined us for dinner instead of eating in her rooms. "The curly haired witch smiled, and he was touched that she seemed to truly care about his mother's wellbeing."That's great!" she paused and ate silently for a moment, munching thoughtfully on some pasta, before continuing in a soft voice, "Thank you for picking up Sophie. I'm sorry I left you alone with her for so long out of the blue,""It was nothing," he reassured her with a casual shrug of one shoulder."And thank you for saving me some dinner. And some…er…cake?"Draco snorted."I think your daughter has the house elves wrapped around her little finger. They never would have made that whole cake just for me."Hermione grinned over at him."See seems to have you wrapped around her finger today. How on earth did that happen?"The blond wizard smirked, giving her a cheeky little wink and leaning on the counter."Ah the ladies can never resist that old Malfoy charm for very long. It was only a matter of time."She shook her head in bemusement, giving him a dubious look."I know my daughter. Your charm is no match for her stubbornness."Draco chuckled. He thought about pushing her for more information on his charm, especially since she had almost half-admitted it herself, but eventually decided that this was probably a risky topic to follow."Alright I confess," he groaned, hands in the air, "I had some help in the form of one snot nosed little brat called Daniel Fletcher."Hermione's eyebrows lifted high on her forehead."I think you're going to need to elaborate on that one," she told him wryly. And Draco was only too happy to oblige. So he launched into the story of their afternoon, starting with when he picked Sophie up at the playground. And if he happened to exaggerate a little when recounting his heroic rescue of the little girl from the bully who stole her toy, then who could blame him? He regaled her with the tale enthusiastically, all the while wondering when he'd last been so comfortable in his own skin. He'd recently been musing about the benefits of having a wife for the purpose of companionship, but now he was readjusting his thoughts. Because now he realised that it wasn't just 'having a wife' that felt nice, it was Hermione herself. It didn't just feel good to come home to any old family in the evening, or sit sociably with some faceless wife as she ate her dinner while he spoke about his day. Any other witch simply wouldn't watch him with such undisguised interest and curiosity. Or make such clever, witty little comments one minute before switching seamlessly to kind compassion the next.Yes, he thought, this whole marriage sham was working out much better than he'd expected. When they'd first entered into this agreement, he'd been dreading all kinds of terrible possibilities. Like the two of them driving each other mad. Or arguing about their murky past and each holding onto their resentment like a cloak.But no, now he couldn't imagine being in this with anyone else. If the price he had to pay for saving his mother's life were a few thousand measly galleons and a year or two married to Hermione Granger then…well, he'd say he got a pretty good deal.Draco wasn't sure how long the two of them sat there talking comfortably, but their conversation was suddenly cut short by the sound of the fireplace on the other side of the room roaring to life. There were only a few people who had permission to access the floo network at this address, so Draco wasn't totally shocked when Theo stepped through. Although the interruption was indeed unwelcome, as he'd been enjoying his time chatting with Hermione. The other wizard brushed himself off before looking up to see them sitting at the kitchen counter. His eyes widened and a mischievous grin spread across his face at the sight."Well this appears to be a cosy evening at the Malfoy house," he commented, striding towards them and shooting Draco a meaningful look."Hello Theo," he greeted his friend, though there was a slight warning edge to his voice."Draco," the other man nodded briefly, before turning his attention to the witch sitting there, his grin immediately widening, "and Hermione! You're looking lovely as always." He eyed the half-eaten plate of food in front of her, which she'd just pushed away as though finished, "you haven't been overworking her at the office, have you Draco?""Of course not," he retorted crossly, but Hermione just smiled in that calm way she had.''We're trying to keep our work and home lives separate," she explained, before shooting him a rather shy look, "but actually, I've been very impressed with the company. It's all so… professional and well-managed and everyone is so friendly."Draco felt a twinge of happiness at her words. He was proud of what he'd managed to accomplish since taking over Malfoy Enterprises in place of his father. And it made him flush with pride that Hermione thought he was running a good company. Her approval actually meant a lot to him, he realised; something he hadn't seen coming."Well, that's great!" Theo exclaimed, clapping his hands together, "and how's…er… how's your mother going?" he directed this question at Draco who winced a bit at the thought of his poor mother resting upstairs."She's doing alright," he answered with a sigh, "St Mungo's have started her on a course of potions, and Hermione found this great muggle nutritionist and physical therapist to help with her recovery. She's actually a squib so she understands what Azkaban is and how they operate, and she's been excellent so far."Theo nodded, grinning at the same time as he tugged anxiously on his ear lobe, a sign Draco knew all too well."Why? What's wrong?"Theo made a huffing sound and waved his hand dismissively."Oh it's nothing really. The ministry just sent me word that they want to do a follow-up inspection.""Inspection of what""Not much. Just the house…and your living conditions."Draco scowled, his stomach dropping unpleasantly."Er sorry… what""Apparently it's just normal procedure for custodian situations."He exchanged a nervous look with Hermione before returning his attention to his friend."What exactly will this inspection entail?" he asked."Nothing too onerous, or so I've been told," Theo shuffled a bit awkwardly from one foot to the other, before continuing, "they'll probably just want to come in and take a look around the home. And, I dunno, make sure you're not hiding any weird sacrificial alters in the basement honouring Lord Voldemort or something."He heard Hermione snort with laughter and he shot her a scathing glance. She tried to straighten her expression, but it just looked like a weirdly strained grimace."What? I thought that was funny!" she defended, making him roll his eyes, only half-seriously. It was a fairly ridiculous image after all."They'll want to speak to you as well, Hermione," Theo warned, his eyes flicking between the two of them."There's a surprise," she responded dryly, but she didn't look overly fussed about it."What are they going to ask her?" Draco demanded, feeling much more unsettled by he whole idea. Theo shrugged."I'm not sure. They probably just want to check she's not under the Imperius curse or something. Or you know… chained up in the aforementioned basement."Hermione suppressed another giggle."Do you mind?" Draco asked her peevishly, but she just gave him a patient look, leaning forwards to rest her hand on top of his in a calming gesture."Don't worry so much," she chided him, "believe me, I've had far worse run-ins with the Ministry of Magic. This will be a piece of cake, so to speak."Draco swallowed down his own nerves and nodded, reassured by her air of confidence. If she wasn't worried, then he supposed he shouldn't be either. After a moment he noticed out of the corner of his eye that Theo was staring in bemusement at their hands, which were still touching affectionately. The other wizard cleared his throat as Draco withdrew self-consciously from the touch."You might want to review your sleeping arrangements that week. You know, since you probably don't…"Theo waved his hand in a suggestive gesture, his eyebrows dancing up and down. Draco closed his eyes in embarrassment as he saw Hermione's cheeks flush pink."I thought it was common for more traditional pureblood spouses to have separate chambers," she said awkwardly, pressing her hands to her cheeks to hide her blush."Well yes, but the whole point of this charade is to not look like snobby old purebloods.""Touché," she muttered, scrunching up her nose in that adorable frown she sometimes gave. Draco closed his eyes for a moment."Fine," he said through gritted teeth, "Anything else?"Theo gave him an innocent look and shook his head."No, I don't think so. Just fake it like you did on your wedding day. That should be enough to convince any sceptics, since you're both such talented actors."Draco knew that tone of voice; he'd heard it too often from Theo to doubt his friend's intended meaning.""Yes, well… so far so good," he muttered, glaring at his friend, "I don't fancy us all going to prison anytime soon, so we'll do our best.""Excellent," the other wizard clapped his hands together, "I'll let them know that you're more than happy to comply fully with the process. And the rest should be easy enough."Hermione stood up from the stool she was sitting on then, straightening her blouse and giving the two of them a tired smile."Well, I'll leave you two to catch up. I'm going to get some sleep. It's been a long day. Nice to see you again, Theo!""A pleasure, as always," his friend replied with a cheeky grin. Draco gave her a stiff smile, suddenly feeling self-conscious around his friend who was obviously watching them closely and far too insightfully for his liking."Goodnight Hermione," he called to her softly as she approached the door, prompting the witch to turn around and give him one last smile before she left. There was an awkward silence that descended on the kitchen in her absence, with Draco trying to avoid the other wizard's knowing gaze. Eventually he looked up and saw Theo smirking at him lasciviously."Goodnight Hermione," his friend mimicked in a sappy romantic voice, a big shit-eating grin on his face."What?" he retorted in a defensive voice."Oh please. It's true that you're a good actor, Draco, but you can't fool me. I know you too well."Draco frowned at his friend."I don't know what you're talking about.""You like her."The blond scoffed, shaking his head in derision at his friends comment. He gave him a dry look and shrugged his shoulders with forced nonchalance, trying to appear as innocent as possible."Of course I like her. She's nice, smart, funny… we've become friends of sorts. Can you blame me?"Theo narrowed his eyes at him."Not at all. But we both know that's not what I'm talking about!"The other wizard waggled his eyebrows again. Draco snorted."Dream on, Theo. I'm literally paying her to be married to me. It's hardly the right start for some kind of sordid affair.""Affair? Mate…if you're already married then it's totally conjugal!" he said the last bit with a dirty edge to his voice and a sly wink of one eye."Gross, Theo.""Alright," the other wizard groaned, throwing his hands up in the air, "have your little secrets. But we both know I'm right.""You think that," Draco replied wryly, shaking his head. But for all his denials, he couldn't stop the slight twisting feeling in his gut. Draco knew that he and Hermione had become friendly. She was an insufferably good person. Not to mention smart as a whip. It was hard not to grow closer to her, in a platonic way of course.But it was true that he did find her… pretty. Beautiful even. Her wild brown curls, clean, pale skin, the scent of jasmine…Shaking his head he tried to distract himself in conversation with Theo. But the thought kept nagging at the back of his head, growing more and more terrifying.Oh please Merlin, he whispered to himself, don't let me be attracted to my wife.………Well… there we go. Poor Draco – at least he's made some progress with Sophie!Until next time - Please review!

Hello again – what a strange week. I think I'm happy with this chapter. I've included some Sophie POV but not too much. I hope we won't keep judging poor Hermione too harshly. Rationally she should tell Draco the truth, yes. But this is story-telling people! Drama is needed. And she's afraid. So be kind haha.As always, JKR is the hero, I'm just the expendable sidekick.…Chapter Eight……Sophie Granger had been told many times in her very short life that she was 'stubborn'. She wasn't entirely sure what it meant, but her mummy and Aunt Lavender insisted that she was as stubborn as they came! She thought maybe it was because once she made up her mind, nothing could change it. Uncle George said that she inherited this quality from her mother, but she didn't think so. Her mummy was always changing her mind.Sophie had lost count of the number of times they had packed up their things and moved house. It seemed to be every few months. And each time they did her mummy would grow more frazzled and upset, even though there was always the appearance of a smile on her face.But this last move… this was different.Sophie looked around her bedroom through the reflection in the mirror. Her mummy was standing behind her, doing her hair into two plaits. It was a Sunday and they had nowhere special to be, so they'd had a lazy start to the morning so far.It had been just a few weeks since they'd moved into Draco's London house. And she had to admit her new room was amazingly, tremendously fabulous. Auntie Lavender had been right. She did feel like a princess.It was painted a beautiful, bright yellow colour, with white furniture and pristine white drapes on the windows. There were pictures all around the walls and toys lining the shelves.It was without a doubt the nicest place they'd ever lived. Times a million.But at first, Sophie had been angry about moving in here. Why did she have to be nice to this Draco guy who she'd never met before? He was slick and sarcastic and she didn't like the way he looked at her mother. No house was worth that. It had always been just been the two of them. And now Draco had pushed his way into their family and she was supposed to like him just because he threw money at them and bought nice things? Auntie Lavender told her that all princes have lots of money and she shouldn't hold it against him, but in fairy tales step-parents were always evil, weren't they? Rich or not!Sophie tilted her head to one side as her mummy finished tying off one of the plaits with a daisy, inspecting it with a happy smile.Then things had started to change a few days ago. Ever since that afternoon at the playground when Draco had saved her from Daniel Fletcher, she'd started to look at him differently. Uncle George said that it was because Draco was her knight in shining armour, like the ones in her stories. He'd rescued her and returned her toy. Then he'd healed her knee. He'd even played with her and made her laugh to cheer her up.He couldn't be all bad, right?Maybe step-dads could actually be nice. Maybe her story was different."There you go," her mummy sang, tying off the second plait and standing back to admire her handiwork."Very splendid," Sophie declared solemnly, turning her head to see the pretty flowers woven into the bottom, "Thank you!""You're welcome, sweetie."Sophie watched her mother in the mirror, noticing the dark circles under her eyes and how her skin was white like a porcelain doll."Are you sad, mummy?"Her mother blinked for a second, and then instantly cheered up, as she always did. She jumped forwards and gave Sophie a big bear hug from behind."Of course not! I'm never sad when I'm with my little bug!""Arrgh mum!" she laughed, her voice muffled by her mother's jumper as she hugged her tightly."See?"Sophie couldn't stop giggling as her mother picked her up and spun her from side to side. The motion made her dizzy which only made her laugh harder.As she was regaining her balance once more, the sound of the bedroom door opening and a soft knock broke through their giggles."Sorry to interrupt," a voice murmured, making them pause. Both mother and daughter turned to face the intruder. Sophie's heart lifted when she saw Draco standing in the doorway. Maybe George was right. Maybe he was her hero."Save me, Draco!" she yelled, skipping over and hiding behind his legs as her mother chased her. After dodging around his knees a couple of times, ducking away from her mother's hands, Sophie peered up at his face. He was chuckling, watching them with an indulgent smile. She noticed the way his eyes lingered on her mother's curls as they whipped around her shoulders.Then she noticed something else.He was holding a small cardboard box carefully in his hands, no bigger than a shoebox. There were little holes punched into the sides, scattered evenly around the outside. Sophie paused, panting for breath as she looked up at him, cocking her head to one side."What's that, Draco?" she asked, pointing at the cargo he held. Her mother came to a stop too, out of breath but smiling at her husband in welcome."This?" Draco repeated with a beaming smile, holding the box up."Is it a present?""In a sense…"Kneeling down next to her, he smiled at Sophie as he slowly raised the lid up off the top. She jumped forwards in excitement, bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet. There, sitting huddled inside, were two precious little balls of fur. As she peered in closer, Sophie suddenly recognised them."The kitties from the garden!"It was them! She was sure of it. Sophie let out a high-pitched squeal and jumped up and down."You found them!"One had all black fur, while the other had spots of white on its ears, face and paws. She heard her mother move up behind her and gasp as well at the sight of the two kittens."Where did these little guys come from?" her mummy asked."Draco and I saw them under some bushes down the street. But they were too busy to come to our tea party!"Draco jumped in to add to her story, his focus entirely on her mother while she stared avidly at the cute little animals before her."We saw them the other day. I think they were abandoned or maybe lost. Then I walked back past there today and the little guys were right up against the fence. It's as if they wanted to be brought home. They practically jumped in here all by themselves."Sophie reached her hand into the box before getting hit by a wave of nerves and drawing it back again."Can I touch them?" she asked nervously, gazing at their little pink noses in delight but too scared to pat them in case they didn't like it."Of course," Draco replied. He leaned in and picked one of the kittens up carefully, running his thumb soothingly behind its ears. It mewled in happiness. Then Draco was holding it out towards her, "here, take him."Sophie's stomach swooped nervously."Are… are you sure?""Yes, just be gentle with him. Support his weight in your hand like this…"Draco showed her the correct way to handle the little creature, passing him over with an encouraging nod. Sophie's eyes shot wide open as she stared at the little darling settling into her arms."Stroke him behind the ears here…that's right."She followed Draco's instructions, delighted when the kitty started to lean happily into her touch. After a while she became aware of a sound and her heart skipped."He's purring! Draco, did you hear that? He's purring!"The blond wizard grinned and let out a laugh."Yes he is! It means he likes you!"Sophie couldn't stop herself from leaning down and pressing a little kiss onto the kitty's forehead right between its ears. There were a hundred emotions bubbling up inside her and she wasn't sure what to do with them all. She just kept clutching the kitten to her chest and stroking its fur, a big stupid grin stuck on her face. Eventually she looked up. Her mummy was holding the other kitten, the one with all black fur, and smiling as she scratched it under the chin. The kitten lifted its nose into the air in bliss. Draco was watching them both with a pleased smile."Can we keep them?" Sophie asked the blond wizard, almost vibrating with both excitement and a little bit of terror that he'd say no. "Please?"She held her breath, waiting to hear what his answer would be. Draco's smile stretched into a wide grin."Of course. I was hoping that I could put you in charge of looking after them, Sophie!""Me?"Sophie's heart thudded and her mouth was dry as she looked between the two kittens."Yes, they're very small so they're going to need lots of love and care!"She looked up at the man who had married her mother. His steely grey eyes were crinkled at the corners from his smile, but he looked almost nervous about her answer, his lips pressed tight and the fingers of one hand twitching at his side.Sophie couldn't suppress her happiness any longer. It swelled up inside her like a tremendous wave and before she could think to reply verbally, she was launching herself forwards to hug him around the middle."REALLY? Thank you Draco! Thank you Thank you Thank you!"The kitten gave a little squeak pressed between their bodies, so she jumped back and cradled it tenderly, scared of hurting the little thing."Are they really mine?""Yes, but only if you can think of really good names for both of them."Sophie blinked up at him, considering the request seriously. She frowned and stared at the two cats, weighing up her options. While she was thinking she heard her mother step closer to Draco, still cradling the second kitten in her hands."This was really kind of you, Draco.""It's nothing," he replied awkwardly with a shrug, giving her mother a bashful smile as his cheeks turned pink."It's not nothing. Thank you. Sophie loves animals, and cats in particular." "Just like her mother, if I recall," Draco murmured.Sophie heard her mummy chuckle, leaning in closer to the blond wizard."For the record, she definitely has you wrapped around her little finger.""Undoubtedly."Only half-paying attention to this conversation, Sophie continued to consider the two kittens very solemnly, looking at every inch of them and running through a thousand names in her head."I've got it!" she announced at last, and the two adults turned towards her with curiosity, "what about… Shadow for that one," she pointed to the black kitten in her mother's arms, before holding up her own patchwork one, "and this one can be called Chess, because he looks a bit like a chessboard!""They are excellent names," Draco told her in a low, serious voice, before reaching out to shake the little kitty's paw that sat in her arms, "pleasure to meet you Chess! And you too Shadow!"He shook the other one's paw, but the kitty just leaned forwards and licked his fingers curiously. Her mother chuckled at him before turning her attention back to Sophie."So sweetie, do you like the surprise that Draco brought you?""Oh yes, mummy! It's the best surprise I've ever been given ever in my entire life!"Her mother laughed again, taking Chess from her daughter and placing both kittens down on Sophie's bed while the little girl turned to Draco. Eyes turning a bit misty, she wrapped her arms around the man's legs, holding on tight and refusing to let go as she squeezed nice and hard.Because in that moment she had decided, in the easy and spontaneous way that children did, that she loved this man with every fibre of her being.………After Draco brought home the two kittens for Sophie, it rained for a solid week. The clouds came over thick and low, and rain battered the windows from dawn until dusk. The little girl stayed inside every day, nursing the two little creatures, feeding them milk and playing with them.Shadow and Chess were a bright addition to their household, even in this grim weather. Everybody loved the little kittens. Narcissa could often be found with one or both of them cuddled up at the end of her bed when Sophie thought her Granny needed some company. The house elves positively doted on the kittens and Hermione had heard Draco muttering yesterday about how he was going to have to have a word with them about sneaking the little things too much food, or else they'd grow big and fat.She thought it was incredibly sweet that Draco had brought those kittens home, knowing that they had nowhere else to go and knowing how happy it would make Sophie.To be perfectly honest, Hermione hadn't really seen this coming.When Sophie had hated Draco, things were a lot simpler. He was the man who'd waltzed into their lives out of nowhere, and when he left again it wouldn't hurt so much. But now he was acting like… like what?A father?Hermione sighed, inspecting herself in the mirror as she sat at her bedroom vanity. Sophie had just gone to bed and a storm was still blustering and howling outside. She stared at her reflection critically, taking note of the changes that her features had undergone. There was no denying that she was thinner than she used to be, gaunt even. And not even a layer of light concealer could hide the bruising under her eyes from exhaustion.Hermione swallowed and looked down at the glass potion vial in her hand. It glistened a pale yellow colour, almost gold, and somehow seemed so small and insignificant. And yet this tiny, bland looking potion was the only thing that was standing between her and a painful death. For a little while at least. Even if it worked, the doctor had said it would just buy her time, not forever. Finally able to afford the treatment, her unique batch had finally finished brewing just this last week, each vial tailor made by St Mungo's for the individual taking it. There were ten doses in total for the first course. One vial every forty-eight hours.With trembling fingers, Hermione unscrewed the top and lifted it to her nose. Sickly sweet fumes wafted up at her. It smelled strangely like wheat and honey.Closing her eyes and hoping for the best, Hermione tilted her head back and poured the meagre contents into her mouth. It tasted foul. Merlin only knew what was in the disgusting brew. Hermione almost retched, her stomach convulsing, but managed to keep it down. Now it was just a waiting game. And a test to see how her body reacted to the harsh treatment. The list of possible side effects for the potion had made her head spin when the doctor had recited them.Hermione returned her gaze to the mirror.Her pale skin was a bit sickly looking but otherwise she still appeared well enough. She tucked a few curls behind her ears. Her hair was usually a lost cause, but she was glad to see that it was at least trying to sit relatively smoothly around her shoulders tonight.Shifting nervously on the chaise, Hermione drew in a shaky breath to calm her nerves, fiddling restlessly with the bottom of her cotton pyjamas.Tonight was the first night she would be sleeping next to her husband.It was such a strange thought she almost wanted to laugh. They'd been married almost two months now, and even though their fake relationship only passed for a pale imitation of a real marriage, they'd grown comfortable around each other. They'd only been forced to kiss that one time at their wedding, but their interactions since then had slowly become cordial, friendly even. She could honestly and truly say that Draco was becoming her friend and not just her partner in crime, so to speak.But crossing that line from friends to spouses who slept in the same bed was an awkward transition for them both. She could only imagine what lamentations he'd said to Theo earlier that week after she'd excused herself from the conversation. She couldn't imagine that Draco would actually want to sleep next to her.Oh god, did she snore…?Hermione cringed, praying with all her might that she didn't do anything embarrassing in her sleep. Like snort or drool or talk. Or worse… snuggle.Merlin forbid.This was all going to feel really weird, she sighed to herself. Both Sophie and Draco's mother were sleeping peacefully down the hallway. Granted, the house was so big it was actually a very long hallway, but still. She hadn't expected this level of intimacy with her daughter nearby. What happened when she came in to wake them up at the crack of dawn? How would Draco react to her little girl running in and jumping on the bed when he was only half decent in the early hours of the morning?Wait… what exactly is he going to wear to bed?Her thoughts were spiralling and she needed to gather her composure. She was a grown woman. An adult. They were just sharing the same space. It's not like they'd be cramped up or anything. Draco's bed was enormous.Not for the first time, Hermione wondered why they were bothering with this charade. Surely they could just move a few of her things into his bedroom to make it appear like she was sleeping there. But Theo had insisted. He'd implied that their investigation would be very thorough indeed…Hermione snorted.Maybe they were both gullible and swept up in some kind of bizarre scheme of Theo's creation. But nevertheless, it had to be done. There was actually a small possibility that a representative from the ministry would want to talk to Sophie when they came to the house. And her little girl was far too astute not to question why they slept in separate rooms. The other day when Sophie had returned from a play date at the house of one of her friends from day care, she'd regaled them with a story about how much fun they'd had jumping on the big bed in the master bedroom. They'd been eating dinner at the time, when she'd suddenly out of the blue asked them why Evelyn's parents slept together in a big bed and her mummy and Draco didn't.Draco had almost spat out his soup.So here she was. A nervous wreck, her mouth still burning from the first dose of her potion treatment, and wondering how on earth she ended up getting ready to sleep in Draco Malfoy's bed of all places.Merlin help me!Gathering her courage, Hermione smoothed down her blue t-shirt and lightweight pyjama pants one last time and rose, tentatively making her way over to the door connecting the two bedrooms to each other. Her hand was trembling slightly as she lifted it up to knock, but it seemed as though only a split second passed before Draco was opening it up to her. He looked more nervous than she did, if that was possible. He kept running his hand through his blond hair until it was far messier than usual, and gestured awkwardly for her to come in."Uh…make yourself at home," he stammered, shifting uncomfortably from foot to foot. She noticed he was wearing simple grey pyjama bottoms as well with a black t-shirt. The dark mark was visible on his forearm but she averted her eyes away from it. Hermione entered curiously, her gaze drawn instead to the rich furnishings in Draco's room. She loved the royal blue and gold finishes of her own room, but his was even more opulent someone, a bold, monochromatic picture of luxury. There was black marble and fluffy white carpet in perfect contrast to each other, and even a few bold muggle artworks on canvases around the room. It was surprisingly modern and chic."Not what you expected?" he asked her with a wry look. Hermione gave him a smile and shrugged."Less green than I thought there'd be," she replied with a chuckle, before having to cover a wide yawn with her hand."Are you tired?" he asked, and Hermione nodded slowly."I suppose."An uncomfortable silence descended between them for a moment, until Draco finally broke it, shuffling from foot to foot."This is awkward, right? I'm not just imagining it?"Hermione laughed, surprised by his easy camaraderie."Oh yes. Super awkward. You know, I haven't-" she paused, clearing her throat self consciously before continuing, "I haven't slept next to someone for years. I'm worried I'll snore loudly or drool or something.""I've never slept with someone else," he admitted, not quite meeting her eye."What, never?""Nope."She frowned, considering this declaration and cocking her head to one side."What about with your former girlfriends?"Draco's gaze dropped to the floor and he shrugged."They weren't exactly the sleeping over type," he said carefully, which Hermione interpreted as meaning that they'd been brief trysts or flings rather than real relationships. The idea surprised and saddened her a bit. Draco squirmed for a few more seconds before taking a deep breath and making his way over towards the bathroom door."I'm just going to brush my teeth. Feel free to pick whichever side of the bed you prefer.""You don't mind?""Not in the slightest. And I want you to feel comfortable and at home here, so you can choose for the both of us.""Okay," she murmured, watching him go into the adjacent room and close the door. Privately she was thankful for the move, which had probably been planned on his part. Knowing him as well as she was starting to now, she figured he'd locked himself in there to give her a chance to settle in without any of the strangeness of going to bed together.He was essentially paying her to be his wife, after all. The whole thing felt a bit tawdry to her, and making this as formal and business-like as possible was something she definitely preferred. She wasn't kidding about the long drought between sleeping partners. The last time she'd slept with a man was with Viktor before Sophie was born. But this was so different it probably didn't deserve the comparison.With a sigh, she approached the bed, turning down the covers and contemplating the expensive sheets beneath. Another wave of exhaustion hit her as she lowered herself onto the bed with a yawn. She might have almost called it grogginess. Hermione could only assume that the potion was making her drowsy, so she gratefully lay back on Draco's sinfully soft mattress and closed her eyes.When a cold shiver passed through her body, she tugged the duvet up over her shoulders, tucking it under her chin.The storm was still raging on outside, and it carried a chill through the house. Hermione focused on that, and let the sound of the rain battering the windows calm her nerves as she waited…………"You can do it. Just be cool. The bed is huge."Draco whispered the words of encouragement into the mirror, staring in bemusement at the expression looking back at him, something that resembled a deer caught in headlights.He'd literally done all the procrastinating he could possible think of. He'd scrubbed his face raw, brushed his teeth, combed his hair…Now he just had to go back into the bedroom and share a bed with his wife.Fake wife, he reminded himself.This whole night was totally surreal, Draco mused, and he wouldn't be surprised if Theo was laughing maniacally at a distance somewhere over the whole sorry situation.It had been… a very long time since Draco had been with a woman in any capacity. He'd been consumed by his work for a long time now and hadn't even gone on a date with someone for at least two years. It had been even longer since he'd engaged in anything…physical. Not that there was any risk of that tonight. They weren't a real couple, not behind closed doors anyway. Not to mention, Hermione deserved more respect than that. It wasn't as if they were even going to touch each other. They were just going to be lying there side-by-side, purely platonically.And yet…This is a mistake, Draco, and you know it!Deep down, he couldn't help but think that this was all a terrible idea. There was simply no denying that he found Hermione attractive. He hadn't expected it to hit him so strongly, but it had and it wasn't going away. He could have never predicted going into this that he'd find his attention caught by her more often than he would have wished. He found himself drawn to the bounce of her curls, the curve of her smile, the bewitching darkness of her eyes."Stop being such a sappy tosser and just get in there!" he told himself with a snarl to the mirror.We're just sharing a bed for Salazar's sake! Get your mind out of the gutter.Shaking his head to rid it of all the inappropriate thoughts swirling through him, he clenched his hands into loose fists and returned to the bedroom. It was lit quite dimly and he could only vaguely make out Hermione's silhouette. She was huddled under the duvet on the left side of the bed, so heavily swaddled in blankets all he could see was the tip of her nose and a halo of curls spilling over the pillow.Is she… asleep?Draco cursed himself. He'd dawdled so long in the bathroom that she'd actually given up on waiting for him. Then again, what had he expected? That they'd lie in bed chatting until the wee hours of the morning like a pair of teenagers?Gently, Draco slid onto his side of the bed under the covers. After turning off the light, he rolled over onto his back and stared at the ceiling. It was indeed a wide bed and there was a fairly sizeable gap between them, but Draco was still painfully aware of the warmth of Hermione's body through the sheets. The smell of jasmine lingered on her skin, probably from some kind of lotion or cream she'd used.He could hear the ticking of the alarm clock next to the bed. The pattering of the rain on the roof tiles above. The steady rise and fall of Hermione's breaths.Slowly Draco turned his head to the side.Peering through the darkness, he could just make out the outline of Hermione's features. As his eyes grew used to the dark, he noticed how the light of the moon caressed the curves of her face and he swallowed. Her skin was so pale. And yet, as he watched, a slight crease appeared between her brows. Her relaxed expression suddenly stiffened, as though she was just drifting onto the precipice of a bad dream.Draco shifted closer.Even though she was wrapped tightly in the blankets, he noticed that Hermione seemed almost cold. A shiver wracked her body and the crease deepened.Just go to sleep Draco, that voice of reason in his head scolded him. But it was so easy to just ignore it. Especially when they were lying so close to one another and Hermione's body was twisting in the sheets as she released a tiny, almost plaintive little whimper.Draco reached out unthinkingly. With a trembling hand he brushed a curl from her forehead and tucked it behind her ear. His breath caught in his throat, wondering if she would wake up. But her eyes stayed closed, her breathing even. Feeling emboldened, he reached out again. This time he brushed the pad of his thumb down the length of the line between her brows, smoothing it out. He caressed the skin tenderly, trying to soothe whatever troubled her in her sleep. Surely that was okay, wasn't it? He ran the same thumb down over the gentle swell of her cheek and jaw then stopped, feeling like a fool.Wasn't he allowed to touch his wife in their bed?No, the voice reminded him, sounding very much like his better judgment, you're paying her, remember? Hands off.Sighing heavily, Draco withdrew his hand with a jerk and flung himself onto his back. He stared at the ceiling again morosely for a long time, wondering what the hell was wrong with him.This was Hermione Granger. She'd only married him because she was destitute and needed the money. He'd only married her to save his mother. So why couldn't he stop the insidious thumping of his heart at the sight of her skin bathed in moonlight, or the sharp sting in his gut when he smelt the soft jasmine scent of her skin?Hermione was driving him mad and she didn't even know it. She was asleep for Merlin's sake. Gritting his teeth and glaring up at the ceiling, Draco knew he was in for a restless night…………Poor, sweet Draco. Thanks for sticking with me. For once I actually have this whole story planned out, unlike my usual spontaneous efforts. A long journey ahead. As always, please be lovely and review.

Back again – I was glad to hear that everyone was very happy when Draco won over little Sophie. But you'd better learn to deal with Hermione being secretive haha. It's not happening anytime soon.Just enjoy the ride. As always, JKR is the inventor, I'm just the adaptor. …Chapter Nine……When Hermione woke the following morning, she was alone. The sheets beside her were cool to touch, so it seemed as though her husband had left some time ago.Struggling to open her eyes, she winced at the sight of the glaringly bright morning sun streaming through the window. Her head felt heavy and there was a pounding in her ears so intense it was like she could feel the blood pulsing through her skull as she took each groggy breath.To make matters worse, her cheeks were flushed and burning while the rest of her body felt icy cold and as weak as one of Sophie's kittens. It must be the potion, she thought with a miserable whimper. She knew that one of the possible side effects was to develop fever-like symptoms that mimicked the flu.With a groan, Hermione managed to push herself up onto her elbows. She peered over at the clock on the bedside table and cursed.8:35… shit!Hermione was always an early riser. Even before she'd had Sophie she used to wake up with the sun. And today wasn't meant to be any different. She had so much to do! The rain had finally broken and she had to take Sophie to day-care. Then she was supposed to finish a report for work they needed to file at the Ministry's patent office first thing Monday morning. She also needed to pick up some supplies for Narcissa at the apothecary and she'd promised George she was going to drop by and visit him at the shop…Hermione's stomach rolled unpleasantly as she tried to swing her legs over the edge of the bed. She rubbed her hands over her face, fingers trembling with the effort it had taken just to sit up.You can do this…You HAVE to do this…Hermione managed to push herself up onto unsteady feet. She limped into the bathroom, barely making it to the toilet before collapsing against the lid and hurling up the meagre contents of her stomach. She sat there shaken for a while, the icy tiles feeling wonderful against her heated skin. Once the nausea had passed she felt a little better. The room was still spinning around her but she managed to tug on some comfortable leggings and a woollen jumper as well as tie her hair into a high messy bun out of the way. Then she just stopped for a second, closed her eyes and tried to steady her nerves.From what the Medi-Witch had described to her, this was only the start of it. She had a long road to go and it would all be downhill from here. Hermione felt a stinging behind her eyes and she gripped the bedpost until her knuckles turned white. She hated not being in control, and right now she felt like things were spiralling out of control so fast she barely had time to breathe.Hermione blinked rapidly, clearing her vision and pulling herself together. She needed to check on Sophie and she didn't want her daughter to see her with bloodshot eyes. So she dragged her feet to the bedroom door and out into the hallway, a thin layer of sweat forming on her brow from the effort.Once she was in the hallway, Hermione strained to hear the sound of her daughter's voice. Surely her little girl was awake; Sophie rarely slept in and was usually a bundle of energy in the mornings.Sure enough, in the distance Hermione could discern the unique tone of Sophie's laugh coming from downstairs. Her heart skipped and she wondered how long her little girl had been awake. She hoped Sophie wasn't being a burden to either of the Malfoys.Making her way slowly down the stairs, her hand gripping the banister for support, Hermione tracked down the source of the noise. She entered the living room and what she saw made her relax infinitesimally. Draco was sitting at the counter reading a muggle newspaper, but his expression was one of pure affection and he was clearly distracted as he watched what was happening behind the bench in the kitchen. Narcissa was wearing an apron and somehow looking very chic as she guided Sophie to whisk some eggs in a bowl. The older witch was being very patient as she took the little girl through the process of making an omelette.Hermione was thrilled to see Narcissa looking so well. She'd mostly been confined to bed these last couple of weeks while she got her strength back. And although her skin had a yellowy tinge from jaundice and her frame was still very bony and undernourished, she looked cheerful. And Sophie of course was ecstatic. She'd never known any grandparent, not with Hermione's parents out of the picture living in Australia. And Krum's parents had never bothered to keep in touch. They lived in some villa far away in Tuscany and had never shown any interest in either their son's former girlfriend or his illegitimate child.It was a nice picture, she mused with a nostalgic smile, thinking of her own grandmother who'd passed away many years before. She was glad that Sophie had another maternal figure in her life, even if only for a short while.Another sudden wave of dizziness swept through her and Hermione grabbed desperately onto the doorframe. Her stomach clenched as a hot flush spread through every inch of her body. At the same time, both Draco and Sophie became aware that she had finally woken and come downstairs."Morning sleepy head," Draco called out."Mummy!"Sophie made to run towards her for a hug but Draco, clearly noticing her current state at the last minute, placed a firm but gentle hand on her shoulder."Hold on, sweetie," he mumbled, and Hermione assumed he'd put down his paper and intercepted the little girl.She closed her eyes, feeling as if the floor was rushing up towards her. Her head was boiling hot and so heavy she wanted to just let it fall to the ground, but somehow she managed to stay upright thanks to her hold on the door frame."Hermione? Are you alright?"She didn't answer. She couldn't answer. Her tongue felt like ash in her mouth and it would have probably come out as a stammer."What's wrong with mummy?""Hermione?"Then she became aware of a cool hand on her forehead. It felt so good. She opened her eyes, only to be met with the steely grey ones of Draco, looking at her with a worried expression."You're burning up," he commented softly. He kept his hand where it was resting on her forehead, moving it around slightly to gauge her temperature. In the background she heard Narcissa drawing Sophie away and trying to distract her. But in the face of Draco's obvious concern, Hermione found herself letting go. She slumped forwards and dropped her head onto his shoulder. Taking a shaky breath she allowed herself to release a low groan from the back of her throat."Tell me what's wrong," Draco murmured into her ear, rubbing her back soothingly. Hermione's pulse skipped as her mind raced through possible answers. Surely she couldn't tell him the truth, could she? What was she supposed to say for Merlin's sake?I'm reacting badly to a potion that I'm taking to treat my terminal illness…Nope. Not that."I think I… might have…the flu?" she stammered instead, leaning back to look into his eyes and hoping that the guilty flush on her face would just mimic a fever."Yeh, or Dragon Pox maybe," Draco suggested, looking closely into her bloodshot eyes while he moved to wrap his arm around her waist to support her."I…I'm gonna…" she began, feeling herself start to retch, her whole body convulsing.Before she knew it, there was a great whooshing sound and her body was squeezed through what felt like a pinprick. When she collapsed there was a toilet in front of her and she grasped the porcelain gratefully as she threw up the bile in her stomach for the second time that morning. Blearily she realised she was back upstairs in the en suite bathroom. Draco must have apparated them up here hastily when she looked like she was going to be sick. Dimly she was aware that he was still rubbing her back in soothing circles while she heaved."You poor thing," he murmured comfortingly, and then he was dabbing at her forehead with a cold wet cloth, wiping away the beads of sweat that had gathered there. Hermione leaned into his touch again as she heard the toilet flush."Th…thank you," she croaked pitifully. Draco ran a hand cautiously over her hairline."Come on, let's get you back to bed."Quite unexpectedly, Draco lifted her small frame into his arms and carried her into the bedroom as if she weighed nothing. He gently put her down and helped her to ease back under the covers. He placed the cold cloth on her forehead and perched himself on the side of the bed next to her."Maybe I should call a doctor," he murmured, cocking his head to one side as he examined her."NO!" she blurted out, knowing that any doctor would be able to access her records and figure out the truth about what was really wrong with her. And there was nothing they could do about it anyway. There was no solution to her current state except to wait and endure. "No doctor, please."Draco grimaced and turned the cloth over so that it stayed cool on her forehead."Are you sure?""Yes, it's just the flu. It will pass.""At least let me give you some potions."Hermione nodded, thinking it probably wouldn't harm her to take a simple Pepper-Up. With a flick of his wand, Draco summoned a couple of vials, helping her to drink them before her eyelids grew heavy again. But she couldn't fall asleep yet…"Sophie-" she began, knowing she needed to make sure her daughter was taken care of. Maybe she could take her to George's or call in some help from Lavender."Don't worry about Sophie," Draco reassured her, "she'll be fine. She's cooking with my mother right now, and then afterwards I promised I'd take her for a broom ride."Hermione's heart skipped."Broom ride?" she asked hoarsely, her head fuzzy from dizziness, anxiety and a combination of too many potions."Don't worry, we'll stay low and use cushioning charms," he promised with a wry smile. Hermione relaxed slightly, accepting that her daughter was in good hands. But it still niggled at her, the feeling that she was being a burden. She knew that Draco had signed on to this agreement just as much as she had, but that didn't mean he was responsible for her daughter. He wasn't really expected to play the role of her father after all, not properly."I'm sorry. If she's too much trouble you can-""It's no trouble," he interrupted her, resting his hand on top of hers, "we're going to have lots of fun. You just concentrate on getting better."Hermione felt such an intense wave of gratitude that it pricked at her eyes until they swam with tears."Hey, shhh…" Draco soothed her, moving the cloth again and pressing its cool surface to her cheek, "you need to rest, and you don't want a stuffy nose now, do you?"Hermione chuckled dryly and shook her head. She let her eyes drift close, comforted by her husband's presence."Sleep now," he prompted, removing the cloth from her skin and tugging the blanket up under her chin."Draco… thank you," she whispered, the words slurring as she slowly drifted off. And when she slept her dreams were a confused jumble of sharp headaches and throbbing, but underneath that a cool, gentle hand resting on her skin while his voice murmured tender words of encouragement in her ear.………The next time she woke, Hermione's eyes were stinging and she felt incredibly weak, but at least her stomach had settled. When she peered around the room she noticed Narcissa sitting on an armchair next to the bed reading a book."What… what time is it?" she rasped. The older witch looked up with a surprised but kindly expression and lowered her book."It's just gone eleven.""Sophie?""I believe Draco was teaching her to fly. But then it started raining again so now they're playing with the kittens downstairs in the library."Hermione smiled faintly, strangely pleased that the blond wizard was being so sweet to her little girl, given their shaky start. She knew that Sophie had been very hostile at first, but now her daughter seemed to have some real genuine affection for her fake temporary step-dad."Can I get you anything?" Narcissa asked her, taking her hand comfortingly. Hermione shook her head, feeling too weak to talk as she closed her eyes once more just for a second."Keep resting, Hermione," Narcissa reassured her, giving her hand a squeeze, "Sophie's doing just fine. She's a lovely girl and I believe Draco has become very fond of her. He's growing to love both of you. But you've been pushing yourself too hard.""Are you okay…your potions…" Hermione mumbled blearily, remembering vaguely that she was supposed to visit the apothecary today to renew some of Narcissa's potions for the malnutrition she'd suffered in Azkaban."Don't worry about me. The house elves are taking good care of me. You just concentrate on getting better."Hermione gave her mother-in-law a watery smile. As she relaxed back into the pillows once more she distantly recalled that she had initially been terrified about meeting Draco's mother, but now she thought the older witch was rather nice. Maybe they could be friends after all.As her fuzzy mind drifted off to sleep, a vague niggling thought gnawed at her but she was too tired and too sore to pay it much attention. But in some small part of her brain she'd registered that Narcissa had said something significant.He's growing to love both of you.That's what she'd said, right? And there could only be one interpretation of that.It meant that Draco's mother knew that their marriage wasn't real. She knew that Draco had not been in love with his bride from the start. Before she could contemplate this realisation, Hermione was out like a light and didn't wake for several hours more, at which point it was all just a distant, foggy memory…………Draco sat by Hermione's bedside that evening, trying to focus on the book he was reading, while his mind spun in several different directions all at once. She was asleep now. She'd been feverish and sick all day, but he thought that maybe the worst had passed. He'd been so worried about her he'd made sure someone was always here by her bedside the whole day, whether it was himself, his mother or one of the house elves.It was difficult to see her so unwell. The whole sorry incident had forced Draco to confront certain truths that he'd been in denial about this last month or so. Because seemingly out of nowhere Draco had realised that he would give anything to take away her pain. The trauma she'd endured in the war, the stress of the debts she'd had hanging over her head, the grief of losing her first love, her fight to take care of her daughter. He'd give all the money in Gringotts he owned just to see her smile and be happy and carefree like she once was when they were at school. To draw out that vibrancy he could still see glimpses of, because even though there was a new seriousness and sadness about her, sometimes it was honestly like Hermione was brighter than the sun.Draco thought maybe, masochistically even, that somewhere along the way he'd started falling in love with his wife.Hermione bloody Granger! It was a difficult concept to grasp, and yet it felt so right somehow that he didn't question it too much. It wasn't like he hadn't thought of her all these years, hadn't wondered where she was and what she was doing. It turned out Hermione Granger was hard to forget once she got under your skin.But he refused to allow himself to get his hopes up. She didn't have any kind of romantic feelings for him, he was sure of that at least. She wasn't pining for his company or staring at him like a lovesick puppy the way he'd been doing these past couple of weeks. But hope was a hard thing to crush.As he numbly turned a page he didn't think he'd actually read properly, Draco sighed. At the end of the day, he couldn't help but admire Hermione's integrity. She had such a strong moral compass that she'd managed to carry with her since their first year at Hogwarts, that had even survived everything life had thrown her way. It was evident in the way she had been taking such good care of his mother. Their contract only demanded that she marry him so as to improve his reputation and secure his mother's release. It never stipulated anything about nursing her back to health so conscientiously, and yet Hermione had been incredibly compassionate and committed to Narcissa's recovery. It was just who she was.But it was that same integrity that was preventing him from acting on his feelings. He was paying her to be his wife. It would be wrong to turn that into something sordid or confusing. She wouldn't want that.Draco was stirred from his musings by Hermione's voice, slightly muffled in her blankets but just barely audible."What are you reading?"He felt his lip twitch into an almost smile, glancing down at the heavy tome in his hands that he'd only been half paying attention to."Advanced Uses for Dragon Heartstring in Strengthening Solutions."Hermione's curly head peered out from under the blankets that had been virtually smothering her. There were dark purple rings under her eyes and her skin was far too pale. But for the first time all day she appeared almost alert and curious."That sounds interesting."If it had been anyone else, Draco would have normally suspected such a response to be riddled with sarcasm. If it had been anyone else it would have been. But this was Hermione Granger. Hermione Malfoy.  She seemed predictably fascinated, if a little tired."It might prove useful for our engineering department," he told her.There was a long silence between them and Draco attempted to continue to read, although his attention was a little unsteady now. After a while, he heard her croaky voice again, sounding a little nervous, but determined."Would you read it to me?"Draco blinked, feeling a bit shaken by the question. He had lived half his life being jealous of Hermione, of her intelligence and the ease with which she seemed to embrace her own magical power. Years of watching helplessly as the bookworm outperformed him in absolutely everything had initially warped him into something bitter, stoked as well by Lucius's poison. But despite his petty, horrible behaviour towards her in the past, now Hermione, in her own simple, sincere way seemed to not only tolerate his company but actually seek it out. The last few weeks they'd bonded over a shared interest in potions, arithmancy, charms… anything really. The kinds of subjects he'd usually enjoyed on his own, in private. It's not like he'd spent many evenings back at Hogwarts chatting about potions theory with Crabbe and Goyle or, he shuddered, Pansy Parkinson. And he hadn't had time to develop many friendships in recent years, outside of Theo who was a force of his own. It left him feeling out of his depth. There was a clenching in his navel that was hot and almost uncomfortable.Draco flicked his eyes up to check her expression, but she just looked peaceful, if a little uncertain of his reaction, and was waiting patiently. He nodded numbly and cleared his throat with a slight cough.He began to read. At first his voice was a bit unsteady, but eventually he overcame his restless nerves and allowed himself to sink into the text. Before he knew it he had finished an entire chapter.Draco looked up to check on his audience at this point. For the first time all day Hermione appeared almost relaxed. She was blinking slowly and absorbing his words, that little crease on her forehead indicating that she was concentrating hard. At least she was getting a little colour back in her cheeks.She noticed his pause and her eyes lifted to his."Please keep going," she begged softly, propping her head up higher on her pillow and he knew he had her full attention. Draco wasn't sure he'd ever had such focused attention on him before.So he kept going. He must have read for almost an hour. His voice grew tired but the gentle peace between them was such a wonderful feeling that he didn't really mind. Not when she was gazing up at him with those beautiful brown eyes.They were eventually interrupted by the entrance of his mother. The older woman smiled softly when she saw that Hermione was awake and actually almost sitting upright. She shot Draco a curious look and a quirk of the eyebrow when she noticed that he was reading aloud to her. He flushed a bit in embarrassment and closed the book, trying to avoid her eye."Would you both like something to eat?" she asked, "The house elves made some stew if you're interested. One of Rolly's special remedies, apparently."Draco shot to his feet."That would be lovely, mother. Hermione needs to get her strength back." He looked towards the bed with an inquisitive glance and the curly haired witch nodded in agreement."I am starting to feel a little hungry.""Excellent," his mother said with a clap of her hands. She gave them both a small, slightly conspiratorial smile and ducked back out through the door to organise it. Draco wondered what that look meant, but dismissed it as he turned back towards the bed, re-taking his seat. As he did, Hermione's soft voice reached his ears."Draco?"He cocked his head slightly to one side to show that he was listening, but didn't fully face her. His cheeks were embarrassingly red."Yes?" he mumbled quietly, nervously. She paused at his tone but was too courageous to be discouraged."Thank you. For everything."He clenched his hands into loose fists, wondering just how deeply she could worm her way past all his defences. A pain in his chest told him it wasn't wise to let himself fall too deeply.Because the truth was, she was more dangerous to him than he even realised.………Hermione woke up unexpectedly in the middle of the night, feeling better than she had all day. The last twenty-four hours were a bit of a blur, to be honest. She'd received a visit from Sophie after dinner, which had lifted her spirits. And Narcissa and Draco had both been very vigilant and attentive all day.Hermione blinked, staring dazedly up at the ceiling, which was striped with beams of moonlight peeking through the curtains. She'd slept for anther few hours this evening, and suddenly she felt almost back to normal. It was strange, she thought. She'd been as sick as a dog, but where before the room had been spinning around her, now everything was still and quiet. It was like taking a deep breath of fresh air after being held underwater.She supposed the potion's effects were bound to be rather temperamental. Closing her eyes for a moment, Hermione dwelled on the feelings coursing through her. She was still a little disoriented, but her body was no longer in pain and her vision was normal. She was actually a bit hungry again, she realised.But what was really bothering her now was the sticky feeling of dried sweat along her hairline and the sudden urge to clean her teeth.Hermione turned onto her side to find her husband positioned already facing her. There was a completely slack, relaxed expression on his face and it made him look so peaceful, so handsome. His hand was stretched out on the mattress in her direction, as if he'd fallen asleep reaching out to her. He'd been so sweet and so tender looking after her and taking care of Sophie. Hermione felt her eyes pricking uncontrollably until a single tear dripped down over her nose. It was all so overwhelming, but somehow, seemingly out of nowhere, Draco Malfoy had become her rock of strength, keeping her going and allowing her to fight this.Even if he didn't know it.As if he could follow the scattered trail of her thoughts even in sleep, the steely grey eyes in front of her opened sluggishly. He saw that she was awake and it seemed to prompt him to open them further."Hmmione?" he mumbled groggily, peering at her through the darkness. He must have seen the remnants of the single tear track on her face, because he frowned and the hand that was lying close to her reached across the short distance and wiped the wetness gently from her cheek."S'everything okay?" he whispered, moving as if to sit up and take stock. But she grasped onto the hand that had touched her face and gave it a squeeze, prompting him to lie back down."I'm fine," she reassured him quietly, "go back to sleep."Contrary to what she'd said, Draco actually propped his head up, running his eyes over her body as if inspecting her for problems."Do you need anything? Water? Another Pepper-up potion? How's your temperature?"Hermione couldn't help but smile indulgently as he reached out again and rested his hand against her forehead to check her temperature. His concern for her was very endearing."I'm okay, actually," she told him, before continuing wryly, "I just really need a shower."Draco nodded blearily."Do you want me to-""It's alright, Draco. You've done so much already. Just sleep!"With one last shaky, unconvincing smile she slid out from under the covers and padded towards the bathroom. Behind her, Draco's gentle snores quickly began to fill the room again. He must be exhausted, she mused. Once she'd slipped inside, the cold tiled floor made her shiver, reminding her that she was sticky with a layer of sweat that had dried long ago. Hermione turned the shower on as hot as she could possibly make it without seriously injuring herself. Even then, the water scorched her skin until it turned an angry shade of pink. She stripped off and ducked under the spray, tilting her head back and just letting it cascade down through her hair.After a few minutes and a generous scrubbing of soap all over her body, Hermione closed her eyes. As the steam swirled around her, she leant one hand against the wall and shuddered.The last few hours crashed down upon her in one heavy swell of emotion. Today she'd been sick to the point of delirium and she'd lost all control of her senses. It was a terrible reminder of her situation and what the future held for her. It was also an alarm, a siren warning her that she needed to drag herself out of this miserable pit of denial and do something, tell someone. She needed to pull herself together. There was so much to do. So much to plan.Whispering a quick prayer of thanks for remembering to cast a Muffliato charm on the bathroom, Hermione let out a low keening whimper that soon turned into a sob. Then one sob turned into two and soon she was crying bitter tears of disappointment, her shoulders shaking with the effort of drawing breath between each wracking moan of despair.I'm dying… And it's too late… too late to really live…Today's illness had made one thing painfully clear to her, and the agonising regret of her realisation was almost too much to bear. For so many years she'd been driven by the single goal of paying off Viktor's debts so that she could finally live the life she deserved. So that she could give Sophie the life that her little girl deserved.And just when it all seemed within her reach, the cruel hand of fate was now closing tighter around her throat and choking the very air from her lungs. Because she was starting to think that maybe Draco held the key to that life she had been promising herself all these years.Draco sodding Malfoy, of all people!She could have never guessed in her wildest dreams - or nightmares - that this would happen, but somehow she thought that maybe she had started to fall in love with her husband. A deep, genuine love; not because he was handsome or funny or clever. But because he made her feel whole again. And maybe they were actually… good together after all. Being around him like this, it had lit something inside her that made her feel alive. She felt cherished, respected, maybe even… desired. She felt like herself again.It was something she'd hoped for in her darkest moments these last few years, the possibility that there was an end to her struggles, that she might live and that she might love and be loved in return.But now the silly fluttering in her stomach, the one that people often described as 'butterflies' just left her feeling queasy. That beautiful surge of hope tasted like ash in her mouth. Because loving Draco was impossible. It was out of the question, pure and simple.I'm dying…It's too late.No matter what she felt in her heart, she was never going to put him through the terrible tragedy of losing a loved one. And so she sobbed and pounded uselessly at the tiles, cursing fate for reuniting them in this callous way and bringing them together when hope was already lost.And when she exhausted all her tears, Hermione collapsed onto the tiled floor of the shower and hung her head forwards. The shower's gentle spray continued to drum down into her hair, which had become weighed down by water and was clinging to her skin. She drew a few great gulping breaths of air.And then she mourned her husband's love in peaceful silence until the water ran cold around her.……I did warn everyone about buying a ticket to ride the pain train haha. Lots of angst. But hopefully this was the trigger Hermione needed to move forwards and get into gear! Please review my lovely readers!

Hi everyone! Back again with more angst. Hopefully Hermione can make some progress here though. As always, JKR is the original, I'm just the spin-off.…Chapter Ten……Draco's heart thudded in his chest as he peeked around the corner of one bookshelf and let his eyes drink in Hermione in this moment. They were standing in Flourish and Blotts and had been perusing the shelves for about twenty minutes. And as each minute passed he became more and more enamoured with his wife as she seemed to blossom into the Hermione Granger he knew from school. The energy practically vibrated off her as she devoured the titles surrounding them, and the pedantic way she treated each tome as if it were something precious…It was classic Granger.Draco chuckled and watched as she carefully inspected a text on memory charms, that familiar crinkling of her nose telling him that she was not impressed with this particular publication.They'd come out today with the intention of picking up some potions from the apothecary for his mother, as well as transfer more funds he owed her into her Gringotts account. With both accomplished and with time to spare, they decided to take a quick look around in Flourish and Blotts. George Weasley wasn't expecting them for another half an hour to pick up Sophie after all. Plenty of time to do some book shopping.When he'd suggested the idea, Hermione had almost jumped at him in excitement, possibly intending to give him a bracing hug like he'd seen her give Potter on numerous occasions, but she seemed to remember herself at the last minute and visibly held herself back. Draco couldn't smother the feeling of disappointment when she succeeded.And now he was just following her around the bookstore like a love sick fool while he watched her get increasingly lost in the tomes that lined the walls and shelves. He'd grabbed a couple of titles for himself, but was more interested in staring at his wife as she shopped.Glancing down at his watch, Draco figured it was time they took their purchases to the front counter and made their way to Weasley's joke shop to collect Sophie. He quietly approached Hermione, glancing over her shoulder at the book she was holding."You should write a book," he told her in a low voice, seeing her pass a critical eye over this text as well. It seemed she had very high standards when it came to books. Hermione flushed an attractive shade of pink and turned to him with a sheepish smile."The idea has crossed my mind once or twice," she admitted, "it's astounding how many blatant inaccuracies can be found in 'so-called' instructive texts."Her voice was dripping with scorn and it prompted him to chuckle in amusement."So do it. Write your own!" he pushed, nudging her with his shoulder.Hermione's smile suddenly faded and she stared down at the book in her hands with a surprisingly serious expression."I…there just… never seems to be enough time," she muttered almost bitterly and Draco instantly regretted his cajoling. Of course she didn't have time to write a book, in between being a single mother and trying to pay off Krum's debts. She probably spent every free minute working these last few years, when she wasn't with her daughter. But then she seemed to pull herself together and pointed cheerfully at the books in his hands."Are you getting those?" she asked him, and he glanced down at his small pile."Yes. It's been a while since I actually bought books for myself instead of for work.""I know what you mean," she agreed wryly, before returning the book she was holding to the nearest shelf and making to move towards the front counter. Draco frowned, noticing that her hands were empty."Aren't you getting anything?" he asked. But Hermione just shrugged, looking a bit sheepish."No it's fine. I tend to find titles I'm interested in here and then hunt through the local second hand stores when I get the chance and hope I score a lucky bargain. Flourish and Blotts is…a bit pricey for me.""Oh-" Draco paused, not sure what he was supposed to say. Clearly she believed that she didn't have enough money to buy a book for herself. Even with their recent agreement and the transfer of funds into her Gringotts account, he'd found that she was still incredibly frugal, as if she was determined to save every single knut she could for Sophie's future. Before he could make up his mind on how to proceed with the conversation, Hermione was forcing out a stiff smile as she rested a reassuring hand on his arm."It's alright, Draco! Buy your books. I'll just be waiting out the front when you're ready."And then she was gone. Draco scowled down at the couple of tomes he was holding. He felt bad. It wasn't nice to think that Hermione couldn't buy herself something she wanted. That she had been forced to make so many sacrifices. That the infamous bookworm was scrounging around in second hand stores hoping to find what she was looking for.Hermione was always thinking of others. He didn't believe she had a single selfish bone in her body. Yesterday, after she'd fully recovered from her flu and was back up on her feet, a designated representative from the Wizengamot had come around to conduct the ministry's home inspection. And Hermione had been outstanding. She'd been so patient and had answered all their questions with a worrying amount of sincerity, but also with a firmness that didn't allow for any doubt or question.When had they both become such remarkable actors? He wondered.He owed her so much. Her unique brand of charisma had been wildly successful in the face of the ministry's inquiry. The doddering old wizard had barely made a single note on his clipboard and had left with a friendly wave, reassuring them that Narcissa's custodial situation was going swimmingly and that they had nothing to worry about. He'd even seemed cheerfully open to Hermione's questions about reducing the parole period. Draco didn't want to get his hopes up. But it was hard not to when his wife's kindness and finesse seemed to win over even the most hard-arse ministry personnel.Not pausing to think about it too hard, or allow a moment to second guess himself, Draco reached down to a lower shelf nearby and grabbed a text that he had noticed Hermione seemed fascinated by earlier. She had been devouring the first few pages, before she'd flicked to the back of the book at which point her expression had turned glum. Now he knew why. She'd seen the price tag. It was a beautiful, leather bound tome with a gold leaf design and cost a ridiculous amount… for a normal witch or wizard, anyway.Placing all his purchases on the front counter, Draco handed over the required money, though it was not enough to make even a dent in his wallet. His pulse racing nervously, he scooped up the two bags and made his way outside where Hermione was waiting for him. She was gazing into the window of the pet shop next door and looking fondly at a slightly bedraggled looking owl with kindly green eyes. As he approached, she turned and smiled at him."Ready to go? Sophie's probably waiting-"Draco awkwardly gripped the second bag from Flourish and Blotts in his sweaty palm. He thrust it towards her, pressing it into her hands a bit too roughly as his cheeks turned pink and he shuffled anxiously from foot to foot."What-?" Hermione began, before peering down to look into the bag he'd given her. When she saw what it was she looked a bit stricken for a moment, her big brown eyes turning up towards him questioningly."I saw you looking at this one earlier and thought you might like it," he murmured."But…you…I can't accept-""Yes you can," he insisted. There was a tense pause before Hermione's shoulders relaxed and she cocked her head to the side."Oh Draco," she sighed. She tentatively lifted the book to see the title and visibly swallowed.Dark Magic and the Mind.She blinked a few times and for a single terrified second he thought maybe he'd made a huge mistake and offended her or something. But then she turned those beautiful brown eyes up towards him again and her expression was one of tenderness and gratitude."Thank you. I… this was very thoughtful of you.""You're welcome," he stammered a bit, but a delightfully warm sensation spread through his navel at the sincerity of her words and the affectionate look on her face."We'd better go…" she told him a little reluctantly as she returned the book to the bag and clutched the handle tightly. He nodded, moving to turn towards the joke shop down the end of the street. Before he could start in that direction, however, he felt a small hand grab his lapel, tugging him backwards. Draco watched in shock as the smaller witch beside him stretched up quickly onto the balls of her feet and placed a gentle kiss on his cheek. He felt a wave of shock at the soft sensation of her lips on his skin, but it was over in a split second and he was left teetering uncertainly with the desire to lean back in towards her. Hermione blushed a furious shade of red before turning and indicating that they should proceed towards the joke shop.What was…I didn't… she just…Draco could only follow numbly, still a bit stunned by what had happened. Soon they found themselves outside a garishly bright building bedecked in orange and purple posters and decorative displays of various jokes and pranks. They were very much in Weasley territory now. Draco swallowed and proceeded through the front door behind Hermione. The store was crowded with people, young and old alike. It was buzzing with laughter and conversation and Draco couldn't help but look around in awe. He was amazed that the Weasley twin had accomplished so much since the death of his identical brother. The business had flourished. Distantly he wondered whether it was worth investing in the company, if George ever wanted to expand it. He knew that the Weasley twin employed a lot of former Hogwarts students who'd suffered a loss during the war. Case in point, Draco could see the younger Creevey brother - Daniel? Denis? - standing behind the counter and juggling the throng of customers with skill.Hermione gestured for him to follow her as she ducked and weaved her way through the store. He trailed behind her until they both slipped through a doorway and into the offices out the back.When they walked into Weasley's office, Draco couldn't help but smile. Sophie was helping her 'Uncle George' build an enormous structure out of a deck of exploding snap cards. They were both nervously adding cards to the top of the castle, waiting for it to collapse with a resounding boom and a shower of fireworks.And as they worked, he could clearly hear Sophie chattering away as she told her uncle all about her new kittens, going into excessive detail about everything they ate and did and how carefully she'd been looking after them."Shadow is the more cuddly of the two," she explained to him as she positioned two cards on top of one of the turrets, "but Chess is more playful. He loves to chase things and his favourite food is corned beef."At that moment, Hermione cleared her throat and a couple of things happened at once. George got a surprise at their entrance and, as he was moving a card onto the stack, he nudged the building causing it to collapse in an explosion of lights and sounds. At the same time, Sophie lifted her head and saw them, an excited grin stretching on her lips."Mummy!" she ran forwards and gave her mother a big bear hug, which was returned just as tightly by Hermione. With fireworks still booming in the background, the little girl then turned towards him, her smile remaining bright on her face as she noticed him peeking out from behind her mother."Draco!" she squealed, and then he was treated to the same enthusiastic embrace. He gladly bent down to wrap his arms around the little girl. Feeling her joy at seeing him reflected in the firm grasp of her arms lit something warm inside him. Glancing forwards over her shoulder, Draco noticed that George was watching them closely, a look of bemusement on his face."Someone's warmed up to you," he commented slyly, giving Draco a wink as Hermione chuckled to one side."It took long enough," Draco grumbled, glad that Sophie had started chattering to her mother too excitedly to hear. She was listing all the things she would prepare for the kittens for dinner when they got home, and he smiled indulgently at the clear happiness that shone through her speech."That was a pretty slick move with the cats," George muttered, "I think she's in love. With them and with you."Draco just shrugged, a smile tugging at his lips."The old Malfoy charm," he muttered proudly."It's been Draco this and Draco that all day. I almost wanted to marry you myself after the first few minutes, just to see what I've been missing," George complained with a pout, but it was tempered by the twitching of a cheeky smile."What can I say?" he replied quickly, adopting the same mischievous tone "the ladies can't resist for long!"George snorted and Hermione just looked between the two as if they were both mad."Are you done?" she asked with a withering look, but her expression was soft. They both held up their hands innocently at the exact same time."Remind me again why I introduced the two of you," she muttered, before tucking a curl behind her ear and shaking her head, "never mind. Draco, is there any chance that you could take Sophie home? I'll only be a few minutes. I just wanted to talk to George about something in private before I join you."Draco blinked a bit in surprise but nodded almost unconsciously. Of course he didn't mind taking care of Sophie. But there was just something in the furtive way that Hermione glanced at the other wizard that didn't sit right with him. George seemed to frown as well, but nodded in agreement after a second."Come on, sweetie," Draco forced out cheerfully, presenting a hand to the little girl in front of him. Instead of taking it, she reached up with both arms, stretching them high above her head. He looked at her in bewilderment for a second, before realising with a jolt what she wanted. Reaching down, he scooped her up and balanced her on his hip so that she could wrap her arms around his neck."Ready?" he asked her and she nodded vigorously. Draco shot one last look in Hermione's direction, uncertain about leaving her here. But she nodded reassuringly and so he strode over to the fireplace and returned in a rush of flames to the house, Sophie held firmly in his arms.And although he gave the little girl his full attention as she tugged him upstairs to check on the kittens, a small voice in the back of his head kept thinking about Hermione. Hadn't they spent a nice day together? Hadn't he bought her a gift? Draco rubbed apprehensively at the spot on his cheek where she'd kissed him. Why had she stayed back to talk to George Weasley? You're being ridiculous, he told his treacherous heart, wondering where this sudden sting of jealousy had come from. She'd told him herself that she hadn't dated in years and he knew logically that she didn't have that kind of relationship with Weasley anyway. He was like her brother.But it was hard to stop his navel from sinking unpleasantly anyway. It was so easy to forget that they weren't really married and he actually had no claim over her at all. He allowed himself too often to get swept up in the romantic idea of it all and it was with a sickening jolt that he was forced to remember that she didn't really belong to him.Fixing a happy grin on his face, he followed Sophie into her room, determined to focus on her and her alone. She had a strange power to lift him up from even the darkest of thoughts, and he was genuinely unable to stop himself from falling in love with the little girl.But her mother was a different story. Hermione wasn't his wife and this whole thing with George was none of his business.Now he just had to convince his disloyal heart to obey him.………Hermione stared at the kindly face of George Weasley as he sat there patiently in his chair, but her own body was tense with uncertainty and fear. Up until the moment she'd asked Draco to leave with Sophie, she wasn't even sure she would be able to go through with it."What's up, Mrs M?"She swallowed at George's teasing tone. He wasn't quite as cheeky as he used to be when Fred was alive, although he'd regained some of his old sparkle. But he was still … different. The old George had been so reliant on his twin that he'd been forced to reinvent himself into a new person; an individual. It had been a difficult journey, and he was still prone to periods of introverted reflection sometimes. Hermione took a seat opposite him, her fingers tugging nervously at her jumper as she pulled on a loose thread."George, we've become good friends these last few years. You're so wonderful with Sophie, and I'm just really grateful that we have you in our lives…""Uh oh, this sounds serious."Hermione licked her lips, ignoring his playful tone and pushing on."I…I need to talk to you about something… but I don't…I'm not sure…"George cocked his head to one side. He must have noticed the sudden distress on her face, because he leaned forwards and his own expression became solemn."What's wrong?" he pressed. When she paused, unable to articulate what she wanted to say, George grabbed her hand, "is it something to do with Sophie? Has Malfoy been treating you both alright?"Hermione nodded, clearing her throat uncomfortably, unable to stop her voice sounding croaky."Yes, he's been… terrific.""I was a bit worried when you both got married so quickly…"She squirmed and nodded again."That's kinda what I wanted to talk to you about-" George frowned, but Hermione grit her teeth and powered on before he interrupted her or she lost her courage, "-about why we got married.""Given the timing of everything, I assumed you rushed the wedding a bit because of his mother's custodial appeal. It doesn't take a genius to notice the convenient timing of it all, how much his public image has improved these last couple of months since you got hitched combined with his mother's release."Hermione let out a noise that was somewhere between a chuckle and a sob."You're pretty sharp, Weasley," she teased a bit wetly as she sniffed back the first few tears."Yeh, like a thumb tack. So what's the matter? Do you regret it? Getting married so fast?"Hermione lowered her head, closing her eyes for a brief second as she took a steadying breath."The thing is… Draco and I didn't marry for love at all. We were never even dating." When she lifted her head she saw that George was silent, staring at her in confusion. Swallowing the lump in her throat, she continued. "This whole marriage has all just been a…uh…mutually beneficial contract."The wizard in front of her blinked in shock, his eyebrows furrowing as he stared at her."A… a contract? What…but… why?""It was just like you said. He needed someone to help improve his image so they'd approve his mother's appeal. She was dying in that prison."George gaped at her, visibly thinking the whole thing over."And you?" he asked, his voice rising a little, "what did you get out of all this?"This was it. Hermione swallowed as her hands clenched themselves into tight, panicked fists."Money. I needed money," she muttered, a humiliated flush rising on her cheeks."Money?" George repeated in disbelief, "he's paying you to be his wife?""I was desperate," Hermione cried, hurriedly brushing away a tear that had escaped her lashes, "I didn't know what else to do.""I thought you told me you'd finished paying off Krum's debts years ago.""I lied."George jumped to his feet, pacing across the front of his desk in frustration before he turned to her once more."Hermione… you promised me that you'd come to me if you needed money. I would have given it to you-""No, George, I couldn't-""How much was left?""Not a lot…really.""For Merlin's sake, Mione!"Hermione jumped to her feet as well. She shook her head, her eyes filling with more tears."Please, George. Your business was just starting to expand and earn some real profits. I couldn't burden you like that. And I was slowly paying it off. I was getting so close to being rid of it once and for all.""Then why marry Malfoy?"Hermione dropped back down into her chair. She lowered her head into her hands and shuddered, gripping her hair at the roots. Groaning softly in the back of her throat she summoned every ounce of her strength to speak."A couple of months ago, I got…sick. I went to St Mungo's and they ran some tests on me…"George had gone quiet. He was watching her with an anxious, focused expression. When she paused, he slowly lowered himself back down into the opposite chair, leaning forwards attentively."The night Bellatrix Lestrange tortured me… during the war… the curses she used left a sort of mark on my brain. Dark magic has been spreading inside me ever since, and they say that the damage is irreversible."George had gone completely white. His hands were gripping the sides of his chair."What… what does that mean?"There was a terrible pause as Hermione stared into her friend's eyes."It means I'm dying."The silence that followed her declaration was awful. She could only wait, frozen stiff with tension as she saw this confession sink in."I'm the first to enjoy a good joke, Mione, but that's not funny," George croaked at last, shaking his head in denial."I'm telling the truth, George. My only hope to buy myself more time was a potion that cost almost twenty thousand galleons.""Twenty thousand…" George repeated faintly, slumping back in his chair, as his eyes seemed to rove around the room unseeingly."Neither you nor Harry could afford to give me even half such a sum, if I was even prepared to ask you for it…" Hermione murmured, the energy leaving her as she chewed restlessly on her nails, "so… that's why I married Draco. We needed each other.""Christ! Does he know?""What?""Does Draco know about… about…""No…no, he doesn't."George was quiet for a long time, but eventually he seemed to shake himself awake and when he did his gaze turned to her in horror."Are…are you feeling alright? Do I need to get you anything? Tea? Water?""I'm fine," she whispered in reply, "it comes and goes."The redhead wizard sitting in front of her had turned so pale his freckles stood out violently against his skin."How… how long do you…?"Hermione wiped her nose, gnawing on her bottom lip."I'm not sure. If the potion works…maybe a year. Enough time to organise my affairs and make sure arrangements can be made for Sophie when I'm gone."George's eyes welled up. She'd seen him distressed before, after the final battle of course, but it still hurt to watch him lose control of his emotions when he was normally so buoyant. She didn't like being the cause of his suffering."Oh god, Sophie-"He clapped a hand over his mouth, as if just realising the terrible reality facing the innocent little girl he cared so much about."I've negotiated with Draco… enough money will be set aside for her to live comfortably for many years, including school fees and any future education she may want to undertake. Financially she'll be fine thanks to him."George looked up at her in alarm."You've really thought this through."His statement was almost accusing and it caused a great swell of sadness to rise up inside her. Her eyes stung as the tears began to fall and she gasped for breath."I've been living with this secret for over three months, tormented by this terrible feeling of anger and helplessness… I've been forced to make some of the hardest decisions I've ever made… for Sophie…" her voice was choked as she tried to hold back the sobs that wanted to rip free from her throat. Before she knew it George was pulling her into his arms, wrapping her in a tight embrace and clinging on urgently, as if he could tie her to this earth with his strength alone."Shhh it's alright," he murmured, rocking her back and forth as she started to cry in earnest. It was the first time she'd admitted the truth out loud and it hurt so much she could barely breathe. They must have remained like that for several minutes, comforting each other in the wake of her horrifying revelation. When he finally pulled away, George was shaking too and seemed to not know what to say."Hermione… I don't… it's not… fair. It's not fair.""I know," she whispered."What will happen to Sophie? Will Draco-"She shook her head hurriedly, her gut swooping at the thought."No I could never ask that of him. He's already been saddled with a dying wife against his knowledge, I can't leave him with a child to look after as well. It wouldn't be right.""Then what-"Hermione blinked and looked up at him nervously."I was thinking… I know I'm not as close with your parents as I was back when we were in school. But the Burrow used to be like a second home to me. So I was wondering if maybe you could help me talk to them. Sophie loves going there every Christmas and I know your mum and dad would… would be kind to her…"George blinked in surprise but eventually nodded slowly, running his hands up and down her arms soothingly."Mum absolutely adores Sophie, and you know my dad would do anything for you. Things were a bit awkward after the whole Ron fallout for a while, but he's moved on now and he's happier than I've ever seen him. And mum always goes on about how much she wishes she could see you both more often, and not just the occasional Christmas meal."Hermione nodded numbly, her resolve settling at this news. These last few years she'd been a tad estranged from the Weasley family after she'd left the country and broken up with Ron. But Molly and Arthur were good people. They weren't the type to hold a grudge. And while she didn't see them often, she knew they would raise her daughter to be kind and brave and would never resent her or think of her as a burden.She'd obsessed over this decision for weeks, but at the end of the day it seemed to her like the best possible choice. Sophie needed a stable home with plenty of care and affection. She could understand George's initial reaction in asking about Draco – they were currently living with the former Slytherin after all, and technically he was Sophie's step-dad, even if only in name. But even though their relationship had grown quickly and he genuinely cared about the little girl now, that didn't mean it would be fair to leave him with a child that wasn't his own to raise off the back of such a short marriage they'd only entered into as part of a contract. They'd barely been married three months for goodness sake! It would be a cruel legacy to impart after everything he'd done for her.If Sophie went to live with the Weasleys then she would be surrounded by people who truly loved her. And of course George and Harry would continue to be close to her, as they really were both amazing uncles.It was the only way.She realised blearily that she'd been crying into George's shoulder again for some unknown length of time and she sniffled, drawing away and wincing at the wet patch she'd left on his shirt."Hermione, listen to me…" he began, his own voice hoarse from crying with her as he took her face in his hands. His expression was more serious than she'd ever seen before, "you need to tell him.""What? Tell who?" she asked, frowning in confusion."Draco. You need to tell him."Hermione's eyes widened and she shook her head."I… I can't. Not yet! I've lied to him this whole time! He'll hate me.""He won't hate you," George argued, grabbing her shoulders tightly, "that's why you have to tell him. Because he could never hate you. That poor guy is head over heels in love with you, Mione!"She gasped."N…no… he's not!" she stammered."Yes he is," George insisted, "Okay, so maybe he wasn't at first. Although if he wasn't, then he's bloody good at pretending. But I watched the two of you together here in this office not fifteen minutes ago. He couldn't keep his eyes off you."Hermione looked down, clenching her hands and then releasing them."It doesn't matter. It's too… too late," she sobbed, wiping her face as her shoulders shook."It matters, Mione," George told her gently, "this may have started out as a fake marriage, but the feelings between you are real now, aren't they?""I can't… I can't love him," she wailed, gripping the front of his shirt, "not now when there's no hope. It would be too cruel to make us both go through that when there's no possibility of a real future.""At least tell him the truth about your condition. He's going to figure it out at some point!""I know… but every time I try to say it I feel paralysed and I can't… can't speak. Can't even look him in the eye."George sighed in defeat."Promise me you'll do it soon. It wouldn't be right to keep this a secret from him. From anyone. We all love you, Mione, and everyone will support you through this and fight for you if you give them a chance."She nodded shakily, closing her eyes."I know. I just… I just don't want to cause pain to anyone. Things are already so complicated with Draco and I have to protect Sophie…"George was silent for a long time. Tears were falling freely from his eyes now and he'd reached down to clasp her hand tightly in his. He looked like he was struggling to say something, and it was a long time before the words managed to come out."You know…Sophie has a lot of people in her corner. People who love her unconditionally. We're going to take care of her no matter what happens."Hermione have another choking sob as she flung her arms around his neck once more."Oh George…thank you so much," she cried, her voice muffled by his now very damp shirt. When he returned the hug his grip was tight, as if he couldn't bear to let her go. These last few years he'd been like a brother to her, and it felt right that he was here with her now, when she'd finally confronted her own shameful denial and admitted the terrible truth.Now was the time for acceptance and honesty.And she'd need all the help she could get moving forwards.………The truth is out! I'm sorry this story is so depressing everyone. Please leave kind reviews and be happy!

Back again – surprised I've maintained weekly updates so far. I wasn't sure if my writing routine would work. Anyway, enough from me, I'll let you read on. Will be interesting to see your reactions to this one. As always, JKR created the characters, I just make them dance for my own amusement.……Chapter Eleven……Draco was packed with a small travel case ready to go, waiting with his things at the front door. In his hand he held an official letter from the ministry. He'd barely been able to let it out of his sight since it had arrived by owl a couple of days ago. It had now been three months since he'd married Hermione, and in that time she'd worked plenty of actual miracles.But this one was truly astounding.He hadn't realised it at the time, but his wife had been continuously petitioning Kingsley Shacklebolt, the Minister of Magic, ever since his mother's release from prison. She'd been arguing Narcissa's case and why she should be given a reduced custodial sentence, bringing her period of incarceration to an end.And she'd won.Kingsley had argued her claim in front of the Wizengamot and they'd been successful. And he hadn't even known about it! Hermione had done everything herself. So now his mother was not beholden to him. She was able to roam freely in the wizarding world and her time as a prisoner and a criminal was over. The relief that he'd felt was intense – that sharp pain in his chest he'd carried with him for years had eased at last. He'd been agonising over his mother's situation for years and it was wonderful to know she was safe and would be able to finally enjoy her freedom.If he hadn't been in love with his wife already, this would have definitely done the trick.She's amazing, he thought, shaking his head in disbelief at this whole incredible turn of events.To celebrate his mother's new freedom, Draco had organised a small weekend trip to the seaside for the whole family. He'd booked a couple of rooms for the night at a fancy bed and breakfast in Cornwall and had surprised everyone this morning, urging them to go pack their things and meet him down here in an hour. Sophie had been thrilled – he could still faintly hear her upstairs babbling excitedly about how she would collect seashells from the beach to decorate the kittens' box where they slept. He'd given her his firm assurances that the house elves would take extra good care of the little things in her absence, and she seemed happy enough with that. He couldn't wait to play with her on the beach building sand castles and chasing the waves.Both his mother and Hermione had been terribly sick lately and he was sure that some fresh sea air would do them wonders. Hermione had eventually recovered from her bout of flu, although she still looked very pale and drawn. And once or twice he'd heard her vomiting in their shared en suite bathroom. She'd told him it was still some lingering bug from the flu making her nauseous, and so he was determined to see her get in some sunshine and warmth on her skin.His mother had just smiled serenely and patted his cheek following his announcement, declaring that he was 'very sweet'. They'd never really gone on a holiday together, certainly not with Lucius when he was little, and he was hoping she could relax and heal from her recent experiences with a little space and a beautiful coastal view.Draco glanced down at his watch impatiently, wondering where everyone was. Sophie was the first to arrive downstairs, a small box held very carefully in the palm her hand. As she approached he saw it was a suitcase that had been shrunk with a charm, and admired what was obviously Hermione's handiwork for a second before he spoke."Would you like me to take your luggage, Sophie?"She looked up at him with those big brown eyes and nodded silently. He gently grasped the shrunken box and slipped it into the space available inside his own bag."Mummy said she's coming. She just can't decide which bathing suit to pack," the little girl leaned in closer, her voice dropping to a whisper, "I heard her say a naughty word when she was tossing things in and out of her drawers, and mummy never ever says naughty words."Draco chuckled, a smirk tugging at the corner of his lips. It was endearing that Hermione was worried about what swimwear to pack. He wondered vainly if it was because she was generally self-conscious about her appearance, or if it's just because she would be with him. He flattered himself with the thought that she might be nervous to reveal so much skin around him. That she cared what he thought of her. Dismissing the thought as juvenile and pointless, Draco tugged gently on one of Sophie's ponytails."Have you fed Shadow and Chess?" he asked her and the little girl nodded vigorously."Yep! I gave them an extra big helping and a bowl of fresh milk.""Rolly will take good care of them," he reassured her again, but she just smiled cheerfully."I know. He pinky promised me."Draco smirked again at the thought of his knobbly old house elf engaging in a pinky promise with the jovial little girl."Sorry, I'm ready!" Hermione called, skipping down the stairs with her own beaded bag dangling from her wrist. This one wasn't just shrunk to be smaller, so he assumed it had an undetectable extension charm on it, which was rather impressive.But although her magical skills were clearly on display, his attention was drawn to the rest of her. She was wearing a light summery blue dress with a wide-brimmed straw hat and sandals on her feet. And when his eyes lowered down the length of her body they widened as they followed the tantalising shape of her creamy legs.Oh boy, I'm in trouble, he groaned to himself."What time is check-in?" she asked, a slight blush on her cheeks that made him wonder whether she'd caught him staring at her like an idiot. He half-heartedly checked to see there was no drool on his chin."Anytime after eleven."Before either one of them could say anything else, Narcissa arrived, moving down the stairs gracefully with her expensive, custom made hand luggage. She was looking happy and carefree and it warmed Draco's heart."Granny!" Sophie called out, jumping up and down in excitement, "are you ready, Granny? Will you help me put on my sunscreen and go swimming in the rock pool with me?"His mother smiled indulgently, wrapping her arm around Sophie's shoulders and giving a small squeeze."Of course. And we're going to eat ice cream for breakfast, lunch and dinner!" Narcissa told her with an affectionate grin. Draco shook his head in bemusement, still not used to this side of his mother. But Sophie looked up at her granny with awe."Ice cream for breakfast?" Sophie repeated in a hushed whisper, causing Hermione to chortle."Well, maybe after breakfast," she laughed, while Draco added his mother's suitcase to the collection inside his transfigured and shrunken bag."Alright, everybody ready?""Ready!" Sophie called out with a smart salute."Let's go! The B&B is called Honeysuckle Cliffs."Together they took turns stepping into the fireplace and calling out the name, disappearing and reappearing one by one at their destination.The accommodation was gorgeous. It was a magical establishment that had been recommended to him by Theo, who'd recently brought some girl here for a romantic rendezvous. The white washed building was decadently furnished inside, the towering four story structure an imposing landmark looming on the cliffs of Cornwall. And the surrounding gardens were beautiful, winding down around a stone path that led to a little natural swimming pool carved magically out of a rocky inlet along the coast below.He'd booked two rooms for them to share. One for his mother and Sophie and the other one for him and Hermione. They were still keeping up the charade, after all, that they were married for real. His mother didn't know the truth and neither did Sophie and he'd prefer to keep it that way.The room was airy and bright and everything he'd hoped for. Through the connecting door between the two rooms that was currently open he could hear Sophie's excited chatter as she explored the adjacent suite with her granny. There were huge double doors leading out onto a balcony that overlooked the sea. Almost as soon as they'd entered the room, Hermione had raced out onto the balcony, leaning on the railing and breathing the salty air deeply into her lungs. Walking up behind her, Draco placed his hands on her shoulders in a comforting gesture, waiting for her to speak."Do you know how long it's been since I saw the ocean like this? So vast you can't spot anything except endless horizon," Hermione crooned, her voice almost sounding far away as she closed her eyes and let the wind caress her skin. Draco just smiled, but he wasn't looking at the view. Standing behind her, he was fixated on the soft curve at the nape of her neck underneath the brim of her hat, where her curls were pushed to one side and her skin was sun-kissed and almost golden in this light.Oh Merlin how he wished he could lean forwards and press his lips to that patch of skin at the base of her neck. He was distracted from this thought when Hermione spun around with a warm smile on her face and grasped his hands in hers."Thank you for bringing us here. This was a lovely surprise.""This is my way of thanking you for what you did for my mother. I can never repay you for your kindness, but I can try to show my… appreciation, I hope."Draco wished he had the guts to tell her that he didn't just want to show her his appreciation, but that he wanted to show her his love, his undying affection, his wonderment at the very sight of her here with him in this beautiful place. But he lacked the courage. So instead he just smiled and accepted the kiss that Hermione placed on his cheek, concealing the fluttering of nerves that erupted in his navel."Let me get changed real quick and we can take Sophie down to the pool," she told him with an awkward little smile. Draco nodded as she moved into the bathroom for some privacy. He briefly went next door to check how his mother was coping, but Narcissa was in her element it seemed. She was helping Sophie apply sunscreen on her nose and cheeks, as they raced around getting ready for a swim too, both laughing and chatting away happily. He left them there with a smile and returned just in time to see Hermione emerge from the bathroom. She was wearing a one-piece navy blue swimming costume with a white breezy sarong wrapped around her waist. It was simple and elegant and so Hermione.God she was incredible. As she turned around to fetch something from her bag, he saw that the costume dipped down so low in the back that he could see the entire flawless stretch of skin there. It was already driving him crazy, even though it was probably one of the more conservative pieces he'd seen. Swallowing, he took a step closer and tried to think of something clever or funny to say. But his voice was all choked up and all he could do was stare at her like a fool. How was he supposed to flirt with his wife if he kept getting tongue-tied?"Draco? Are you okay?" she asked in concern, although there was a wry smile on her face as if she were teasing him. He blinked and smiled innocently."Yes, I'm fine. Are you ready?"Hermione nodded and together they went next door and met up with Sophie and his mother. And as she conversed pleasantly with Narcissa, he shook his head a bit to pull himself together. Plastering a stiff smile on his face, he succumbed to Sophie's pleading smile, lifting the little girl into her arms and spinning around."You want to go have a splash around?" he asked brightly."Yes yes yes!" Sophie chanted excitedly."Let's go!"Their little group made their way down the path that was hewn into the side of the cliff towards the rock pool below. It was gloriously isolated with not another person in sight. The glittering blue gems of the sea lay calm and breath taking before them in their private little cove, even as small bursts of white froth crashed against the cliffs beyond. Together they stretched their towels out on the sand and just lay there for a few moments, enjoying the sun and the view."This really is beautiful," Hermione sighed quietly next to him. Sophie had taken her Granny's hand and they were now walking down to the shoreline side by side, inspecting the sand for hidden shells."It sure is," he replied, his own eyes fixed on the brown-eyed witch as she observed the landscape before her. There was something almost… sad about the way she was gazing out into the distance, "Hermione?"She glanced over at him, and he knew he wasn't imagining the slightly glassy sheen to her eyes."What's wrong?" he asked."Nothing, I'm fine!" she replied a little too quickly, forcing a smile that didn't quite have the same sincerity as usual."Then why do you look like you're at a funeral instead of on holiday?" he goaded lightly with an encouraging smile, trying not to sound too pushy. She paused for a moment and sighed, returning her gaze to the horizon."It really is nothing. I just… I forgot what it was like. The slow rise and fall of the swell. The taste of salt in the air. The feeling of the sun on my skin. I forgot."Draco frowned, wondering at her suddenly maudlin tone."I'm sorry… you've not had an easy life these last few years," he murmured, knowing that she hadn't had many chances to just relax and enjoy herself since the death of Viktor Krum. In response her lips twisted into a sardonic smile."I've wasted so much time," she told him softly, although her eyes were staring at some distant spot beyond his shoulder. Draco hated seeing her so mournful and filled with regret. It gave him a savage sense of glee to know he'd finally rid her of that awful debt that had hung over her head for so long. Reaching down, Draco laid his hand over the top of Hermione's, grasping it gently and giving it a small squeeze. She blinked and looked down as he shifted so that their fingers were intimately entwined. Her breath seemed to catch in her throat as her big brown eyes lifted up to his. A jolt of something hot and electric rippled through him as they sat there, their faces hovering so close he could feel her breath on his cheek. Her eyes were so dark he couldn't tell where her pupils ended and the deep brown pool of her irises began.What if I just moved in…a…little…closer…?Draco tilted forwards, unable to stop himself. He noticed she had a small dusting of freckles on her face, so faint he'd almost missed them. The corner of her lip had a small indent near it, and there was a slight smudge of sunscreen on her jawline from where it hadn't been rubbed in properly.Draco's heart pounded.The tips of their noses brushed."Draaaco!"Hermione jolted back and away from him, her face flushed crimson with embarrassment as she grabbed her straw hat and practically shoved it on her head, partially covering her face. Draco swallowed, looking up to see Sophie skipping back towards him in her bright yellow swimming costume, as happy as the sun."Draco, will you help me build a sand castle, please?" she asked him politely, jumping into his lap and looking up at him with a winning smile and guileless eyes that could probably persuade him to do anything."Of course," he smiled, hoisting her up onto her feet, "and I can tell you right now, it'll be the best bloody sand castle you've ever seen!""Yay!" she clapped and laughed, while he grabbed his wand from his bag and followed her to a relatively flat area of sand she'd picked. After they'd prepared the surface more and Sophie was on a mission to fetch water with her little bucket, he glanced back at Hermione. She was sitting beside his mother, the two of them reclining side by side on their towels, each with a book in hand. Looking closer he noticed that she was reading the book that he gave her a little over a week ago, the one from Flourish and Blotts. Her legs were stretched out before her and she was fiddling unconsciously with one of the curls spilling out from under her straw hat. Chewing on his bottom lip, Draco let out a low sigh. He was so sure that they had almost just kissed, and the very thought of it made him feel weak at the knees. It had been so long since he'd kissed someone, and he didn't think he'd ever wanted to so badly. He was astounded by the intensity of what he'd felt; such a focused yearning to just touch his lips to another's. He'd never appreciated a simple kiss before. It seemed like such a common thing, and yet the very thought of kissing Hermione burned in him like fiendfyre.With a start, Draco realised that his mother was watching him with a sly smile over the top of her book. He blushed with embarrassment before realising he didn't need to be so jumpy. As far as his mother was concerned, he was just checking out his wife who he supposedly loved, right? Totally normal and acceptable. She didn't know he was feeling as antsy as a pre-teen around his first crush, that he had never even touched her or that she was driving him mad on a daily basis. So why was her expression so smug, as if she knew something he didn't?Draco grimaced and turned back to the patch of sand that Sophie had begun excavating. That was definitely something to worry about later.Because maybe it was possibly they hadn't acted as well as they thought they had. Maybe his mother was more discerning than he'd predicted.Then again, maybe it was because he wasn't acting at all anymore.And his mother knew it.………It was dark when Hermione slipped out of the Bed and Breakfast, winding her way down the garden path, guided by the light of the moon. She came to a stop at an outcropping of the cliff where there was a bench placed strategically half way down the path. Hermione collapsed onto it with a sigh, looking out at the sea, the dark swell of the water tipped with glimmers of silver. The night was cool and refreshing and she tilted her head back just to listen to the sound of the water lapping against the rocks below.It had been a truly wonderful day. After Sophie had built her magnificent sandcastle – aided by a little charms magic and Draco's unexpected architectural skill – they'd gone swimming. Sophie had splashed around playfully in the shallows before hopping onto Draco's back and letting him swim her out to where the water got a bit deeper. The trust the little girl placed in the wizard was surprising, given her usual stubbornness. But the two were completely enamoured with each other. She thought maybe her daughter had started to hero-worship Draco, since she looked at him like he was the very centre of her world. And the tender, affectionate expression on his face was no less endearing. He would probably do anything the little girl asked of him. The way his eyes lit up when he made Sophie laugh… it warmed the corners of her heart.They'd enjoyed a walk around the rocks and a picnic lunch, before Narcissa had returned to her room for an afternoon nap while Draco had surprised her and Sophie with bicycles for them to take a ride along the coastal pathways. She'd been apprehensive at first, since Sophie didn't have a lot of experience riding a bike. But Draco had been so careful choosing one that was just the right size, and he was so attentive as he taught her how to tackle all the winding roads in the area. By the end of their ride, Sophie was giggling and riding with more confidence than she'd ever seen. Hermione hadn't been able to wipe the smile off her face. She'd thrown her head back and just let go of the brakes, basking in the happiness of the moment and relishing the way the wind whipped her hair around her face as she breathed in the fresh sea air and joined in her daughter's whoops of delight.She'd forgotten how marvellous it was to just ride a bike and leave her troubles behind.Hermione closed her eyes, the night air wrapping around her like a blanket of pure silk. As she sat on that little bench, she wracked her brains trying to think of a time in her life when she'd been this happy. But she couldn't. Today was probably the happiest day of her life. For a few blissful hours she'd really just lived, blocking out all those other terrible thoughts and fears that had plagued her lately.Now Sophie was asleep, her Granny having coaxed her into bed with remarkable ease a while ago with a smile and a story after plaiting her brown wavy hair. Hermione had been pleasantly surprised by Narcissa's easy affinity when it came to dealing with her surrogate granddaughter, as the little girl had already been all snuggled up under the covers when she'd come in to give Sophie their usual kiss goodnight.Say hello to the stars for me.And you say hello to the moon…Those parting words from her daughter made her smile, although there was a sad tinge to it now. She looked up at the moon and thought how lonely and far away it appeared. One day in the future Sophie would look up at the same moon and wonder if her mother was up there, her soul scattered among the stars. Hermione had no religious affiliations or pretensions of immortality, but ever since their fifth year, she did sometimes ponder over the unknown power of the human soul. The veil in the Department of Mysteries had whispered to her, the voices of those who'd moved beyond calling to her…"Here you are!"Hermione jumped and swivelled around as Draco approached her bench, strolling down the path behind her. He had a cheerful look on his face but his hands were shoved into his pockets in a gesture of nervousness as he sauntered closer."Hi," she greeted in a quiet voice, smiling gently up at him, "I was just enjoying the solitude of this place at night. It's breath-taking.""I can go if you want to be alone-" he offered, standing awkwardly behind her for a moment and gesturing back up at the building above them. She shook her head and patted the bench next to her in a welcoming gesture."No, I'd much rather you stay," she murmured, her smile turning a bit shaky as she observed him. In the light of the moon his blond hair looked almost silvery white, and his skin was so pale as to appear ethereal. He really was very handsome, she thought. Draco took a deep breath and eased himself onto the seat beside her. It wasn't very wide so there were only a few centimetres separating them. His body was warm and he smelled of shampoo and some kind of expensive aftershave."I…er…" he started to speak, although his voice came out stammering at first, "My mother… my mother and Sophie are both asleep now."It almost sounded as if he was going to say something different and had changed his mind at the last minute."Narcissa is so fantastic with her," she commented and Draco snorted."I know. I'm not sure where all this maternal instinct came from."Hermione cocked her head to the side curiously."Does it bother you?"He contemplated her question tentatively for a moment, a slight frown on his face."You mean does it bother me that she wasn't this affectionate when I was a child? No… not really," Draco shrugged and gave her a wry smile, "things were different back then. We were both under Lucius's control. And she always showed me her love in other ways when it truly mattered.""I'm sure she did," Hermione agreed with a comforting smile."And anyway, I think having Sophie around has really helped mother to… heal, so to speak. She was never allowed to be demonstrative or show her feelings in the past, but Sophie is special. Her energy and her lively spirit are infectious."Hermione chuckled, staring down at her hands and thinking fondly of her daughter's unique charm."She has that effect on people, yes.""And thanks to you, mother's health is improving every day. That physical therapist has worked wonders, and she's more stable and relaxed than I've ever seen her.""Poor Narcissa," Hermione mumbled, "she's been through so much. You both have."She saw Draco swallow and look down at his interlocked hands."Unlike my mother, though, I actually deserved what I went through," he told her quietly, his voice coloured by shame and self-loathing. A sharp sting of compassion and love struck her with painful force."Don't say that," she told him a bit more harshly than she'd intended. She turned her body slightly so that she was facing him, grasping one of his hands in both of hers. He tried to withdraw it but she held on tightly."It's true, Hermione. I earned every bit of my own torment, from years of spite and selfish pride."Hermione shook her head, her eyes pricking as she thought of the wonderful things he'd done for her, both knowingly and unknowingly over the last three months. Of how he'd given her more money than she'd asked for because he wanted to make sure she was properly taken care of. How hard he'd fought to win Sophie's affections. How he'd nursed her back to health so tenderly when she fell ill. This beautiful place he'd brought them to."Listen to me, Draco," she told him, and the seriousness and urgency of her tone left no room for disagreement or denial. She caught his gaze and held it, brown eyes locked with grey ones so intently she had to remind herself to breathe, "you were just a child back then, one who only wanted his father's love and approval. Lucius's crimes are not yours by association. We were all innocent in that war. None of us deserved what happened, you included."She saw a muscle twitch in his jaw and suddenly his fingers were tightening on hers too as she powered on."The man I know today… my husband… is good and kind and he takes care of his family. And even if it's all just a sham and this marriage isn't real, I'm so grateful. Because if I had to do this with anyone, I'm glad it was you. You reminded me how to be happy again."By the end of her speech, Hermione could feel a couple of tears dropping delicately from her lashes but she didn't move to wipe them away. If she was going to leave him alone in this world, then she wanted to leave him knowing he was good and that she appreciated him. Draco looked like he'd been petrified, the stunned expression on his face fading and transforming until he just seemed aggravated by something, as though there was a hot pool of anguish bubbling up inside him. For a minute Hermione wondered if she'd said something wrong. But then his gaze dropped lower and his grip on her hands tightened and she knew without a doubt what was now going through his mind."God help me," he muttered in a fit of agitation, before his hands broke free from hers and he lifted them up to grasp her face, tugging her towards him. Then he kissed her.Hermione froze, her eyes falling shut instinctively as his lips pressed urgently against hers.Oh Merlin… her brain shut off in several key places as her stomach tightened with shock and something else. He kissed her in the way that she thought only existed in tawdry romance novels, hard and passionate and with more desperation than she could wrap her head around.You should…stop him… her mind whispered warningly, but for the life of her she couldn't remember why this was a bad idea. She could barely even remember her own name. All she felt was a tingling sensation in every inch of her body, the pounding of her heart, the sudden thrumming in her core. With a whimper, Hermione allowed her lips to part, deepening the kiss as she felt the vibration of Draco's frantic groan reverberating through her. His lips were cool and soft and unlike anything she'd felt before. Both Ron and Viktor's kisses had made her feel warm and pleasant, but Draco's kiss twisted her up into knots. It made her feel so on edge she didn't know what to do with her body or how to rid herself of the longing ache that stretched from her navel right out and down to her fingertips.After some unknown amount of time, they separated with a gasp, gulping down the cool night air as if they were both winded. Hermione jerked backwards a short distance to look into his eyes.Draco's gaze was unfocused but sharp at the same time. He looked like he'd just been hit by a freight train or something. As if some profound realisation had crashed over him. He blinked, staring at her in amazement.Hermione's stomach plummeted, knowing that this was it. This was the moment when she would have to gently let him down. When she would have to pull away and tell him in no uncertain terms that they couldn't cross this line. Because how could she enter into a romance with this wonderful man when it would all fall apart and hurt him in the end?There was a long pause, and Hermione felt like her chest was being compressed under a terrible weight."Hermione," Draco whispered almost reverently as his hands slid further, from her cheeks across her jaw and into her hair until he was cradling her head. He drew her forwards and kissed her again once more, deliberately, on her bottom lip, lingering for a long time as they both panted breathlessly."I…we should stop…" she began, steeling herself for what she had to do next. But before she could continue, they were both jolted back to awareness by a few drops of rain falling on their skin, clouds looming from seemingly out of nowhere in the night sky above them.The air smelled like a summer storm, wet and musty and marvellous. A few drops became many, and then with the typical unpredictability of a summer downpour, soon they were being drenched. Draco looked up wryly, chuckling at the sudden turn of events, while Hermione squealed, her curls soaking through until they fell limp around her face. Their eyes met again and the intensity she saw in Draco's gaze took her breath away. She struggled to remember what she was supposed to say to him, or the fact that this whole hopelessly romantic idea was doomed from the start."Come on," Draco murmured huskily in her ear, linking their fingers together and pulling her to her feet. Hermione followed compliantly, the rain pouring down around them as they raced hand-in-hand up the path towards the B&B. They climbed up a small spiral staircase onto the balcony of their room, slipping hurriedly inside the double doors and sealing them shut with a bang. Hermione's light summery dress was saturated and she shivered, though she wasn't entirely certain that it was from the sudden cold. The two of them stood there for a minute laughing carelessly and looking down at their ruined clothes.Then they sobered, and there was a tense moment during which Draco and Hermione stared at each other, chests heaving as they struggled to catch their breath. Draco's grey eyes were alight with something frantic that made her pulse race. His eyes passed down the length of her body and then back up to her face.Returning his stare, Hermione felt on edge, like there was something hot and anxious crawling under her skin. She distantly heard Draco groan and it was met by an answering throb between her legs.The next thing she knew he was striding forwards and kissing her all over again like his life depended on it. He tangled his hands in her sodden hair once more and walked her backwards until her spine was pressed flush against the wall. Hermione's head was spinning as her fingers gripped the front of his shirt. His lips fell from hers with a whimper, running down over her cheek and jaw until he was nibbling at her neck, drinking the raindrops from her skin.Hermione was gone. Any thought of stopping him disappeared from her head as her body called out for him in the most primitive of ways."Shit, oh god…" he murmured almost angrily, returning to her lips as both their control snapped. Together they stumbled towards the bed and now Hermione was an active, enthusiastic participant. They paused next to the bed, tugging at each other's clothes in frustration. Draco managed to drag her drenched dress from her body, his lips worshipping her breasts with a satisfied groan. Hermione had never been so aroused in her life. She felt like she was right on the precipice, her whole body thrumming and so close to falling, even though he hadn't even touched her there.She finally managed to snake a hand in between them, and the sound of his zipper sliding open underneath her fingers was loud in the dark, quiet room. Their mouths parted, both looking a little bit stunned as they worked together to rid him of his pants while she shucked off her bra. Now there were only his black briefs and her pale cotton underwear in their way."I can't believe this is happening," Draco muttered, almost incoherent with need, "I've wanted this, wanted you… so long…"His ramblings were cut short when he decided he had to kiss her again, both of them toppling onto the bed as their limbs entwined.Merlin, it was certainly never like this with Viktor. He'd been passionate, but almost controlled, like every move was planned and executed with precision. But this was a wonderful, beautiful mess. Draco pushed at her legs impatiently, dropping clumsily to lie between them as if he couldn't wait a moment longer, and she arched her back with a cry of surprise as she felt his hard length pressing into her centre through the material of their undergarments."Off… off-" he demanded, tugging his own briefs down and throwing them to the side. Hermione followed his lead and removed her own underwear, and then there was nothing between them.I guess foreplay is overrated… she thought, her head swimming with one thought and one thought only. And by god, she would actually kill him if he stopped now and decided to return to just touches and caresses. She felt like she was on fire. They'd come too far now and she needed this so bad."Are you… can I…" he stammered, freezing above her in sudden uncertainty. But even though his hips had stopped right where she wanted him, his hands were still roaming everywhere, carding through her hair and running up and down her whole body like he wanted to touch everywhere at once but couldn't slow down enough to decide where to start."Yes… yes, please," she nodded vigorously, leaning up and sealing their lips together. They both gasped as Draco pressed inside her, becoming almost completely immobile and clenching his eyes shut as he did. She'd grown so wet while they'd fumbled around, and it wasn't long before he was able to move again, and he slid home with ease, stretching her walls with delicious, sharp strokes until he was fully seated within her."Oh fuck… Hermione…" he cursed in her ear, trembling with some great effort, while she was just floating high above it all.It felt so right. It was like they were connected across every inch of their bodies. Hermione could feel every pinprick of pleasure so acutely, erupting outwards from her navel and also from her chest where her heart was pounding.She'd never felt more alive.This was it for her, Hermione realised vaguely, her thoughts a bit numb even though her body was practically humming with feeling. Her life was culminating in this one moment of passion, a bright burst of light right at the end of all things. Soon that light would fade into death and nothingness, but not yet. Not in this moment. So she gripped onto it with all her might, wrapping her legs around Draco's waist and rocking up against him, seeking more of that bliss that brought a glimpse of life back into her heart.Draco spluttered at the feeling of her grinding up against him. He clutched at the sheets beneath them and whimpered. A sensation like an electric shock passed through her at his reaction, as though she were teetering on the edge of a cliff."Stop… Hermione…I'm sorry, I can't, I'm going to cum… it's too much-"Hermione leaned up and kissed him hard and slow."Me too," she murmured against his lips, "me too, Draco, I'm so close.""Really?" he asked hoarsely, almost in disbelief.But Hermione just nodded, coaxing him again to move. She wasn't sure if it was the desperation swirling around in her thoughts that was propelling her to the edge so quickly, or the fact that this was Draco moving inside her. Either way, she was right on the verge of ecstasy with almost no warning. It was a heady combination of lust, fear, mortality, hunger and agony. It was almost too much.Draco let go of the last vestiges of his control with a long groan. He began moving purposefully inside her, rough and uneven in his rhythm but so…so good. Hermione sunk her fingernails into his shoulder blades, and the sting of pain seemed to push Draco too far."I'm…I'm…oh shit-" he gasped, their faces pressed close together. Hermione's body soared, the sight of Draco's expression scrunched up in total bliss sending her hurtling over the edge and into a glorious free-fall of pleasure.This… this is life… It was all over in a matter of seconds. It would have been amusing how fast they'd both finished, if she weren't feeling so wrung out and boneless. The walls spun around them and all she could hear was the rushing of blood in her eardrums and their heavy breaths in the silence of the room in the wake of the rainstorm. Slowly her eyelids fluttered open. Draco had collapsed half on top of her, his head resting on her shoulder as he shuddered. She looked up past him towards the ceiling, catching her breath.As her body started to wind down from its high, Hermione became aware of tears pricking at her eyes. When Draco propped himself up on his elbows he blearily noticed one tear threatening to escape her lashes. Instantly his drowsy smile disappeared and he frowned, brushing it away with a shaking finger."Hey… what's wrong? Did I hurt you?"Hermione chuckled wetly, shaking her head."No… of course not. You were wonderful."She raised her hands, stroking the skin of his cheeks tenderly, soothing him as she forcibly calmed herself. He really was beautiful. Draco looked dubious at first, but her smile must have reassured him because he leaned down and kissed her gently before lying down beside her, eyelids drooping. Carefully, Draco wrapped one arm around her waist, tugging her into a spooning position with her back pressed against his front. He scattered lazy kisses across the top of her exposed shoulder as he tugged the sheet up to cover them. They were silent for many minutes, both processing what had happened and basking in the afterglow. Either that, or neither of them had any clue what to say. Behind her she could feel Draco relaxing as he started to drift off, the arm that was curled around her becoming heavy and slack.She almost opened her mouth to speak. But the thought of saying something as asinine as 'thank you' or 'goodnight' made her cringe. Then, to her absolute shock, it was Draco who eventually broke the silence. She heard him mumbling sleepily in her ear."Mmm…Hmmione…I love you..."Her breath caught in her throat and her chest tightened painfully at his declaration. The words were slightly slurred as if he were far away. After a long, panicked pause, she slowly became aware of another sensation besides the pounding of her heart. His breaths were falling heavy and slow against the nape of her neck. When she tilted her head to look back at him, she saw that he'd fallen asleep.Hermione clenched her eyes shut as a weak mewl escaped her lips.The pain that gripped her in that moment was in stark contrast to the pleasure she'd just experienced. It was so intense she pressed her hands to her stomach and whimpered.Because Draco had just taken her to the stars and back. And now he'd told her he loved her, and regardless of his sleepy state she could feel his sincerity in the earnest tone of his voice and knew it was true.He loves me. Draco loves me.And yet it hurt so bad, because it was all for nothing.Oh god, what have you done, she screamed inwardly to herself, cursing herself for being so stupid, so completely selfish.She'd made a terrible mistake.She'd given Draco hope.But that hope was going to ruin him.………Well there you go. Please review – I'm sure there will be strong opinions haha. Bring it on :)
