Chapter One - The End of the NadirSummary: Harry Potter was raised in an orphanage, aware but confused about his magical powers. Near his eleventh birthday, he discovers he has a twin sister raised by abusive relatives for reasons he does not understand. Yearning for a family, he delves into a messy and violent Magical Britain that is yet to shrug off the effect of the latest blood war.Warning: This story will not figure an absurdly powerful Harry Potter, but it will be a Harry Potter stronger than canon. It is important to remember that plot armor aside, Harry is still a teenager fighting in an adults' war against much stronger opponents magically and politically. No bashing.Serpentine Advice: My other main story will still be uploaded frequently. Stories where Harry Potter is actually not the Boy-Who-Lived but retains a certain level of relevance are few and far between, and generally not very well written. This is an attempt of developing a guilty pleasure of mine.Children are remarkably contradictory.At once, they are capable of incredible cruelty and tremendous affection. Unfiltered by the expectations and unwritten rules of adult life, children are only pure as far as unruliness and unpredictability can go. They are, in many ways, the counterevidence to Rousseau's famous adage that man is good and society corrupts him. In other ways, they also disprove Hobbes's predictions of life without order to be solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.The biggest contradiction in children's lives is internal. There is nothing that excites a child more than to be better than their peers. Having the newest shoes, the best brands, the newest dolls, the most expensive action figures, the newest football jersey, the shiniest hair. Being the best in all that matters to a child's mind is the very pinnacle of their existence.Simultaneously, children also desire for belonging to a group. Being outside that group is akin to a sin that should be purged out of existence. One must strive to be the best, but only within the acceptable parameters. Be too smart, and you're a nerd. Be too daft, and you're stupid. Be too aloof, and you're a git. Be too high-strung, and you're a teacher's pet. Greatness amidst normalcy is a fine line to walk across, and the years before puberty are where all children everywhere learn this delicate dance.It was this second point that doomed Harry Potter.The ten-year-old was adored by almost every adult that passed his way. He was polite and kind, with a soft voice that endeared him to everyone and a small smile that might as well be etched permanently unto his face. His messy hair made him look innocent and childish, his emerald green eyes made him distinctive and cute for his age. He was a bit short and quite scrawny, but in his PE classes, his agility and fast reflexes made him a respectable athlete, one of those things that earned him the grudging respect with his classmates. No one likes to antagonize the star midfielder.However, weird things kept happening around him. The kids in the orphanage kept insisting that books would somehow float towards him, or that in this or that schoolyard brawl he would fling attackers away without touching them, or that his hair had turned blue that one time out of nowhere before flicking back to its normal black color. Those odd happening, combined with the pop-culture idea of orphans possessed by demons, made the older kids in the orphanage demand an exorcism to be performed on Harry.The teachers were swayed against that course of action by the unblinking wide green eyes that just sparkled with unshed tears at being isolated.That was another thing that annoyed the other orphans about Harry. The boy was way too clever for his age, and never got caught doing anything. It was like he had a sixth sense about him to tell when and what he could do while remaining undetected, and when he did get caught or reported, he always wiggled his way out of it with the adults.Maybe, they would say, he used his weird psychic powers on them.Harry ended up lonely and friendless in the orphanage as a result of the older kids' suspicions of his powers. The younger kids quite liked Harry, who always helped them with homework and never bulled anyone, but they were cowed into their distance by the fists and harsh words of the teenagers that ruled the place when the adults' eyes were elsewhere.Harry wasn't too distraught about it, but it did bother him that he had few conversations with other people. Adults were weird, always doting on him. He wondered if his parents would have doted on him too if they were not killed when he was a baby. All he remembered from that day was a weird green light and words that made little sense, and then nothing. Then again, Mr. Spencer, the biology teacher, told them that all memories before they were three are probably fake or too fuzzy to be reliable. The orphanage psychologist told him kindly that the memory of that night (if it even was a memory) was probably the way his brain would cope with the violent end of his family's life. It would not do to dwell on possibly fake twists of his imagination when there were tests to be braved and fun to be had, he would say.It was, of course, insufficient advice. Then again, Harry was only ten, and far from the only child whose parents died abruptly in the orphanage. Mrs. Roberts, the psychiatrist, would likely have more in-depth conversations with the teenagers that actually witnessed their parents' deaths and remembered it vividly. He didn't begrudge the woman's slightly condescending tone because her kind brown eyes signaled that whatever omission she was perpetuating was well-intentioned, and not the superiority that shone in his own tormentors' gazes.All in all, Harry liked being ten. Having to write his age in two digits instead of just one made him feel special and grown-up. He was looking forward to being eleven because then his age would be symmetrical. And he would be closer to an age where the older kids would be gone and he could live his life without being ostracized for being different.Many parents would try to adopt Harry, and he even made friends with his prospective siblings sometimes. If they were older, they would teach Harry about math and science and give him chocolate, or discuss football with him. If they were younger, Harry would show them his toys and they would play together, or he would read them a story from one of his books. That always made his potential parents very happy, so he kept doing that, in the hopes that one of them would take him from the orphanage. Adults always liked him a lot, and more than once they said they would try to adopt him and he would be quite happy, but something always happened in the week or day before they were to sign the documents, and the adoption would fall through.When he crossed ways with the same adults on the streets near the orphanage in his way to school, none of them would look at him properly and they would frown and give him odd looks if he greeted them. It was as if none of them remembered him at all.Over time, Harry came to accept that he would never be adopted, which made him quite sad for a long time. When he was sad, the odd things around him happened more, so he would grow even more isolated whenever an adoption would fall through.It was a week before his eleventh birthday that the matron of the orphanage, a nice and intelligent elderly woman that insisted on being called Esther instead of Mrs. Ross under punishment of no pudding after supper, knock on his door and opened it gently."Harry, you have a visitor. Can you come to the lobby in five minutes, please?""I can go now, Esther," Harry said sweetly, but internally he was frowning. None of the adult visitors would ever take him in, and their children stopped visiting soon after. He didn't want to be rejected again."No, you can't, mister," Esther said firmly, pointing to his clothes and frazzled appearance, "it is already past noon and you haven't even switched from your pajamas yet. Have you gone to the bathroom after waking up today?""It's Sunday," Harry whined slightly, his usual politeness forgotten in the frustration of having to do anything that day, "I have nothing to do.""You do have something to do," the woman said in a clipped voice under a stern gaze, her fists attached to her hips, "as I said, you have a visitor.""What difference does it make," the boy grumbled softly, "no one ever takes me in any way, and I'm the boy with the most visitors in the orphanage."The woman's gaze softened and she gave a weary sigh. Esther Ross was the only adult in Harry's life that saw through his behavior when he tried to play his innocent card. Harry had, after finally conceding defeat against the older woman in the past year, asked how she knew what he was doing, and why she didn't disapprove of what was essentially lying on his part.Her answer stuck with him."Harry, I have seen and raised orphans in this building since the war. I have seen them go in so many directions as they grow up. All of the children that stay here are special, but very few are truly unique. What you do now has been done by many other intelligent boys and girls your age in these halls. I will not punish you for finding a way for dealing with the pain of having no family. Just remember to never hurt anyone with your actions.""I think," the woman said softly, hesitating a bit, which made Harry confused. Esther was nothing if not sure of herself, "that this meeting will be different than you are expecting, Harry.""What do you mean?""You'll see," she said quietly, before her eyes focused again, "now go dress up. I will not have my good name sullied by children that do not know how to present themselves."She closed the door and walked away. Harry dressed quickly and went to brush his teeth, thinking all the while how this meeting of all the meetings he had in his life could be different. Come to think of it, it was odd that an adult would specifically call for his name. It happened before. When he was eight and won the local spelling bee and appeared on the neighborhood newspaper, or earlier this year when his school team won the under thirteen London football championship with him as the youngest starter, some adults would request him specifically, but those families would never be very good. He had the impression that they wanted a distinctive child more than a son, and Harry didn't like the idea of being a glorified Christman ornament.Still, he couldn't think of anything he did recently that would warrant attention. Shrugging to himself, he went to the lobby putting on his best wide-eyed innocent look, which always amused Esther.The first time he noticed that something was amiss was when that trick didn't make her smirk, her face instead adorning a small sad smile. Harry didn't like it when his actions didn't warrant the expected results. When that happened with the older kids, it always resulted in his toys hidden away or his books stolen. Once or twice he was even punched for his troubles. Unpredictability was always alarming.The second thing that broke Harry's expectation was the appearance of the woman next to Esther Ross. She had the same stern and vaguely Scottish airs about her that his matron had, but was taller and more imposing. If anything, she was a more intense version of eccentric but stern Esther, with perfect posture and piercing blue-grey eyes that seemed to study him quickly, an odd green coat covering her body, her arms folded lightly on top of her belly. The woman seemed like a supporting character on Pride and Prejudice, but with weirder clothes and a pointy hat."Mr. Potter?" The stranger asked with a slight cock of an eyebrow, in a strong brogue Scottish that took Harry by surprise and made him abandon any attempts at charming the woman. By experience, elderly Scotswomen could read him like a book, and he wasn't going to tempt his luck considering how he kept being caught off-guard that day so far. Harry restricted his answer to a small nod. The woman was satisfied and turned to his matron. "Can you arrange a private room, Esther?""Of course, Minerva."The two women lead Harry to one of the closed rooms used for meetings between orphans and their prospective parents. As they sat down, the third oddity of the day happened as Esther sat down by the Minerva woman instead of by his side, leaving him with the feeling he was about to be interrogated. He wrung his hands below the desk nervously but tried his best to keep his expression calm and unassuming."Mr. Potter, my name is Professor Minerva McGonagall.""I'm Harry Potter, ma'am," Harry said automatically, as he always did in these meetings recently. The woman seemed amused by the interruption but said amusement was only expressed by the tiniest relaxation of her wrinkled gaze before she controlled herself."I am well aware of who you are, Mr. Potter," she said before picking a letter out of her dark green coat and putting it on top of the table. She did not retrieve her hand from the letter as she continued, "in fact, your identity is the very reason I am here. I knew your parents well, Mr. Potter.""You did?" Harry asked surprised and eager, his eyebrows shooting up to his forehead and his eyes brightening. "No one ever tells me anything about them, and I only know their names because of my birth certificate."Again, the stern expression changed slightly, this time in either fond remembrance or deep sadness. Harry was happy with her reaction. He did not like being pitied by his orphan status, but whenever adults seemed genuinely sad, he felt warm with affection. That such a serious-looking woman seemed saddened by his parents' death made him feel less alone."Yes, I did. Lily was a brilliant young woman, and James was my favorite student.""You taught them both?""Indeed," she said with the ghost of a smile in her lips, "they were both exceptional, and from what Esther has told me, you greatly resemble your mother. You have her eyes, but otherwise, you are the spitting image of your father."Harry felt the sting of tears coming and struggled to control his smile. He didn't like not being in control of his reactions, again fearing unpredictability and knowing that his strange powers were connected to his emotional status."Do you have a picture of them?" Harry said, imagining a strong and tall version of himself with kind eyes and messy hair smiling softly and a woman with a loving nature and his bright green eyes. He didn't know how, but he couldn't imagine his mother having anything other than red hair. "I have never seen them before.""Not with me, Mr. Potter, but I promise I will show them to you as soon as I can.""Thank you very much, ma'am," Harry beamed at the woman, wiping his eyes with his sleeves and receiving a surprisingly warm smile and nod as a response before the woman shifted in her chair and pushed the letter in his direction, fixing her posture."You are probably wondering why I am here, Mr. Potter. Before you read this letter, I want you to be assured that this is not in any way whatsoever a lie and that it will explain a great manner of oddness that has happened in your past."Harry froze, a denial in his lips dying as the woman patted the letter in front of him. How had she known? This woman that taught his parents seemed assured that his powers could be explained away. Was it a family thing? Would he be locked up and studied as the older kids told him he should be? Sensing his negative reaction, Esther intervened."Trust me, Harry. Minerva and her fellow professors have come to this orphanage before to talk to children in the same situation as you."Harry was so surprised by this affirmation that he completely forgot his reluctance to admit his powers to anyone else."Wait, you know about them?""Your powers, you mean?" When Harry nodded, still wide-eyed and scared, Esther continued. "I did. You are not the first child with powers that went through this orphanage in my time here.""If you knew, why did you not say anything to me?" Harry asked, hurt that the woman could have spared him so much pain of isolation but chose not to."Mrs. Ross had no choice, Mr. Potter," the other woman said, calling attention to herself again and making Harry fear the worst, "there is a law that prohibits Muggles to talk about magic without the presence of a witch or wizard?""Muggles? Magic? Witches?" Harry asked weakly, now completely thrown off. "What do you mean?""Yes, Mr. Potter. Magic is real," the Scot said, looking intensely at him as if daring him to contradict her, "I am the Professor of Transfiguration and Deputy Headmistress at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the same school your parents attended when they were eleven.""My parents were wizards?""Indeed. Your father came from an old and respected family of wizards, and your mother was born a witch to non-magical parents, or Muggles, we call them."Harry, having his world be thrown off course multiple times in a very short amount of time, latching unto the desperate life-line of every orphan on the planet."I have a family?" He asked, desperately. To his dismay, once again the Professor's reaction softened sadly."I am sorry, Mr. Potter, but your father's family, old as it was, has died out in this past century due to certain conflicts in the Wizarding World.""And on my mother's side?""You have an Aunt and Uncle that live in Surrey," the woman said, making Harry's chest fill with hope that he could have a family, but the angry frown in the woman's face killed that sentiment very quickly, "sadly they are rather detestable people.""Is that it?" Harry asked dejectedly.At this point, the fourth surprise happened that day. The woman hesitated. Other children might not have noticed, but Harry grew up knowing how to read people very well, and as his gaze narrowed in suspicion, both Esther and this Professor noticed that whatever they were hiding had to be revealed."We will talk about that soon enough. First, please read the letter."Harry refused to nod, feeling anger bubbling inside at the prospect of having family denied to him. Who took an orphan's hope of family? It was beyond cruel. But he did retrieve the letter and opened it slowly, not deviating his gaze from McGonagall's face. To her credit, she did not flinch or got angry. It was as if Harry was looking at a statue, for all the emotion apparent on the woman's face.He read the letter slowly.Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. Potter,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagallDeputy HeadmistressA second page fell from the envelope and he read that too, without glancing at the women patiently waiting for him to finish reading.Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:Three sets of plain work robes (black)One plain pointed hat (black) for day wearOne pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.COURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set glass or crystal phials1 telescope1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring and owl OR a cat OR a toad.PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKSHarry carefully folded both letters but did not look at the two women. He was still angry that no one had ever told him about this. It was unbelievable. It was a connection to his parents that was denied to him, just as getting a new family was denied to him all his life. He noticed that the decorative cacti that adorned the table that separated him from both witches spontaneously combusted. Startled, he did notice how both women were staring at him speculatively, McGonagall in surprise at the level of magical energy surrounding the boy and Esther scared at how his green eyes dulled greatly before shining almost supernaturally. The fire was promptly put out by a firm swish of a stick that the Professor retrieved from her green coat.'Guess that's the wand the letter was talking about.'The presence of the wand made Harry think about the rest of what the letter was saying. Owls delivering letters, cauldrons for potions, dragons being used for gloves, and cloaks and robes for uniforms. Defeated, he gently put his forehead on the table and murmured."This is a thing, isn't it? You're not just taking the piss."Normally, Esther would have chastised him for the language and questioned who had taught him that expression, but she stayed quiet. The cacti being lit on fire and the heavy atmosphere surrounding the meeting told her it was better to allow Minerva to take the lead, but the witch also remained respectfully quiet.The room stayed quiet for a long while as Harry breathed to calm himself down and retain control of his emotions. Every time he thought he had himself under control, his mind reminded him of one occasion where the teenage orphans tormented him for his powers. He appreciated the solemn silence the two women provided. Esther was probably feeling too guilty to tell him anything, but the other woman, McGonagall, probably dealt with meetings like these all the time.He had gathered, by what little the woman had told him, that his situation was not unique, given the description of conflicts erasing his father's entire family. Still, it explained the green lights and odd words that haunted his nightmares."Avada Kedavra" he muttered, with his head still down."You remember," the Professor said sadly.Harry nodded without retrieving his head from the table. "It's a spell, right?""The Killing Curse.""Who killed my parents?""That's a complicated question, Mr. Potter."Harry did get his head up from the table this time and looked passively at the woman with a sad expression that he did not have to fake. "Please?"The woman sighed and rubbed her hand through her forehead lightly, before looking at Harry."Your parents were fighting in a war against a Dark Wizard, Mr. Potter." Her eyes assumed a distant tone about them, even if she did not look away. "He was a truly vile and evil man, wiping out entire families that opposed him. He was seemingly undefeatable. Whenever a wizard or witch fought him, no matter how formidable, they would almost always die. Just surviving him took everything from you."Harry was tremendously proud of his parents for fighting against evil and imagined them being war heroes like the ones the BBC showed from the Gulf or the Falklands War. But then he frowned."In my nightmares, those words came from inside a room. It looked like my room, I remember a crib and those spinning things for babies above my head. It wasn't a battle or anything."The woman closed her eyes warily and allowed her countenance to sag slightly."Yes, Mr. Potter, your parents did not die in a battle. They were assassinated personally by this Dark Wizard.""Why?" Harry asked tearfully, angry at the world for taking his parents away so violently and suddenly."I do not know, Mr. Potter."Silence once again reigned over the meeting. Minerva McGonagall was starting to get a sense of discomfort that was thoroughly unusual for meetings such as this. The most she had grown used to expect from Muggle-born meetings was the obsequious denials from religious zealots that denied the idea of witchcraft strongly and threatened to call a priest. As the children from parents that lived through the war started to come of Hogwarts age, the meetings did grow heavier, but war orphans were always brought up in other magical families, or at most in a magical orphanage. Not for the first time, she cursed Albus's foolishness when it came to the Potter family."How did I survive, then?"'Ah. There's the million galleon question'. Minerva feared that this would come up today, but something inside her had foretold that this was inevitable. She grimaced slightly, knowing that it would be too cruel to hide this aspect of the child's life from him. Before answering, she thought of her brother Robert and her husband Elphinstone and as always her sternness faded away. Harry noticed that something was up, and for the first time, Minerva refused to hide it from the boy. He was too perceptive anyway."When He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named atta-""Sorry, what?" Harry asked, confused at the too long and too conspicuous name."For a variety of reasons I will not go into," Minerva explained, some of her sternness returning at the displeasure of being interrupted, "this Dark Wizard's name is not spoken in Wizarding society, Mr. Potter."Harry couldn't imagine this happening in the regular world. He considered all the times he heard Saddam Hussein's name when the television was talking about the war, and how Esther would always switch channels quickly when the reporters started talking about the crimes of his government. By this omission of the man's name, either magical society was a lot more cowardly or this man was awful beyond his understanding. By the ghastly expression that shone briefly in the older professor's eyes, he figured it was the latter."Regardless," McGonagall continued, "when this Dark Wizard attacked your family home, he killed both your parents with the Killing Curse. It was his signature spell. However, when he went to cast the Killing Curse for the third time that day, it somehow rebounded and killing him instead.""Wait, he attacked me and didn't kill me?" Harry said, quickly doing the math and paling significantly at the thought that he was alive due to a quirk of luck."Not exactly," the woman sighed and rubbed her eyes tiredly, "he attacked your twin sister.""I have a sister?" Harry asked quietly, suddenly sensing that the room was getting too small. Breathing was getting more difficult because of a lump in his throat and his chest hurt from how quickly his heart was beating. He was trembling heavily and kept glancing from Esther to Minerva and noted with the slightest amount of anger that the first woman did not seem surprised with the existence of his sister. He was freaking out way too much to truly feel anger or hurt, and he could not discern between any of his emotions when a horrible thought passed through his head. "I-is she?"The final word didn't come out as his throat kept closing, but the Professor understood what he said and quickly answered."She is alive, Mr. Potter. We do not understand why, but your sister survived the Killing Curse that day. No one else has ever survived that curse," the woman looked like she was remembering the occasion, "because of that, she became quite famous in the Wizarding society."Harry felt an immeasurable amount of relief, a sentiment he couldn't entirely understand. Until a minute ago, he didn't even know he had a twin, but knowing she was alive brought him so much positive emotion he didn't know what to do with it. Was this what being part of a family was like?'Wait. I didn't even know I had a twin until a minute ago'.Understanding the workings of his own limited and local fame, he asked with a deep sense of resignation."Is her fame the reason why she did not grow up with me in the orphanage? A magical family adopted her young and left me behind?""She did not grow up in Magical Britain, Mr. Potter.""Wait, what?" Harry asked confusedly, "If she is so famous in your world, why would she grow up in this one? Was she adopted into a normal home?""She was never put into adoption," McGonagall said slowly. It was unlike her to try to delay explaining anything to a child, but this specific situation brought her an enormous amount of shame. She was secretly hoping that Harry would not be so inquisitive so that he could learn the circumstances of her sister's life slowly, but this meeting was quickly becoming an interrogation into some of her greatest shames."Wait, she was never put into..." Harry interrupted himself as he remembered a previous observation of the conversation. His eyes widened as he got up quickly, knocking his chair down. At that moment, McGonagall knew he had connected the dots and again cursed Albus, "She's with my Aunt and Uncle, isn't she? You said they were awful people and my sister was put there? What were you thinking?!"Harry again began to panic. He was too familiar to living with awful and cruel people, but at least there were too many children around the orphanage for it to become a routine of his life. He knew how to blend in with adults and younger kids and how to protect himself using others to be alone and unsupervised as little as possible around the teenagers. His sister lived with awful people and considering how stern and firm the woman in front of him appeared, her description of detestable people entailed true horrors."Mr. Potter, calm down!" The stern warning would be much more effective if the voice shouting it did not crack. That hesitation triggered Harry's simmering anger."Calm down? Calm down?! How can I calm down? Do you have any idea of how bad things can get around bad people? She's alone there without any help around her! How bad are my Aunt and Uncle?""Harry, please!" Esther finally reappeared in the conversation, but her pleas had nothing of the stern and assured tone normally used by the woman. Harry noticed that she was afraid."Please what? You knew!" Harry sneered angrily. "You knew everything and told me nothing! You knew how bad it got here with the older kids and did nothing! I was lonely for years! I just wanted a family and never got one no matter how much I tried or wished. They just forgot about me!"At this, McGonagall startled slightly, and it didn't go unnoticed by Harry."Wait, they just forgot about me. This isn't a coincidence, is it?" Harry pointed angrily at McGonagall. "A wizard is making the adults trying to adopt me to forget about me, isn't it? That's why none of them remember me. Someone is keeping me stuck here and without a family.""I had no idea," Esther said paling quickly. McGonagall seemed just as surprised, so Harry at least knew not to blame either woman. But at this point, his anger was too charged to not have an outlet. Harry was entirely unaccustomed to hot anger. His anger had always been cold and firm, not fiery and uncontrolled, but this was simply too much. He did not notice that he was crying, but he did notice a surge of his powers and let out a silent scream of anger and sadness that shook the room and created a bright light, making all the furniture in the small room tremble or float."Mr. Potter, calm down!""Harry, stop! You have to breathe!"At this point, he was too far beyond reason to even listen to what either woman was saying, let alone follow their instructions. He simply continued his quiet desperation, his vision blurring and his entire body shaking as the magic within him discharged violently and out of control."Incarcerous," sounded in a firm brogue the voice of Minerva McGonagall. This time, Harry did take notice, more because thick ropes surrounded his body and limited his trashing, but he kept trying to fry off his restraints with an uncontrolled burst of magic. To his panic, the more he tried to fight back, the stronger the ropes bound him."Let me go! Let me go! Let me GO!" He yelled, his eyes widening as the Professor retrieved a vial of blue liquid from inside her robes and approached him. Fearing what she was about to do, he recoiled into a ball and tried to scuttle away, but the ropes kept him still for her to forcefully down the liquid down his throat.Slowly, Harry's tension etched away from his body, and his anxiety diminished greatly. He was still angry, but he felt under control for the first time since the topic of his sister came up. Seeing he had calmed down, the Professor waved her wand and the ropes disappeared. Harry sank heavily on his chair, breathing deeply to control his residual trembling."What was that?" He asked after a while, still panting lightly, but feeling much better."A Calming Draught. It's a potion we use to calm down people in emotional upheaval."Harry nodded and said nothing as he waited for the potion to fully impose itself on his nerves. When he finally felt sufficiently strong to talk again, he croaked out, without looking at anyone."Why?""Your sister was put into the Dursley's household for her protection," the woman sighed, sounding old and tired, "I don't know the details, but I do know that living with her family's blood relatives creates a magical form of protection against wizards with bad intentions that followed He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named."Harry laughed mirthlessly. "Last time I checked, I was her blood relative. She could have lived with me and not be abused.""You don't know if she's being abused, Harry," Esther intervened. Harry shut her up with a 'don't be stupid' look, knowing full well what bad people did when confronted with things they don't understand."It was my understanding that she wasn't put into the orphanage with you because they wouldn't be able to control whether or not she was put into a family following He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named," McGonagall explained tightly."Well, they're controlling my permanence here very well, so that isn't it," Harry snapped icily. McGonagall's lips thinned, whether in disapproval of the retort of anger at being misled was not clear. She acquiesced with a quick nod."I did protest your separation and your sister's placement into the Dursley's home, but I was overruled.""By whom?" He demanded firmly."Harry," Esther warned."By whom?" He asked louder."Albus Dumbledore." McGonagall sighed, knowing she was potentially destroying a bridge with the brother of the Girl-Who-Lived with the Headmaster, but this conversation was too far from salvaging already.Harry frowned and picked up his Hogwarts letter."The Headmaster? Why the hell did the Headmaster of a school have any say in where my sister was placed?""Albus Dumbledore is not just the Headmaster of Hogwarts, Mr. Potter," the Professor explained cooly, her respect for the man diminished by this episode but still great, "he is considered the most powerful and most important wizard alive and leads just about every political institution relevant in Magical Britain.""You said there was a war going on. Did my parents not have a will in place?""I do not know.""You said these relatives were awful people, surely my parents wouldn't allow their daughter to be taken by them?""I do not know.""Did no one keep an eye on her to see how she is being treated?""I do not know.""Do you know anything?!" Harry snapped, losing his patience again and leaning forwards in his seat."Don't get snippy with me, Mr. Potter!" McGonagall countered angrily, finally cowing Harry back, as he laid back on his chair and sighed heavily.He had quickly figured that the subject of his sister was going to be a big hole in his normally strong emotional control for a while."Does she know I exist?""Not before she will have this meeting, no."Harry sighed, and rubbed his eyes tiredly. This day was a mixture of hopeful and awful he was having a hard time figuring out. He looked at the letter on the table written in the nice letters and this odd paper talking about things he would grow up with had his parents survived the war. It was a connection with his parents he desperately wanted to pursue, and an escape from the orphanage that had been his friendless and uncomfortable home for as long as he could remember.At the same time, it was an entry into the world that killed his entire family, under the auspices of a man who had an uncomfortably large amount of power in a strange and essentially foreign land, who had separated his sister from her twin and put her into what he strongly suspected was an abusive household. At least in the non-magical world, he could navigate the adults and teenagers well enough to be minimally independent."Is my sister going to Hogwarts?"McGonagall hesitated. The girl had not been contacted yet, but deep down she knew that Dumbledore would never allow the girl to not attend the school. Her heart clenched slightly at the thought of her old friend being so imposing, but she was not stupid. Dumbledore's heart was in the right place, but he was absolutely in love with his level of control."Yes, she will be going."Harry hummed and stared at nothing for a second. He got up without looking at either woman and left the room. At the doorframe, he said above his shoulder but without having the emotional strength to look at anyone, "I'm attending.""Mr. Potter, wait.""What", he said, still without turning back."I will be coming next week to accompany you to Diagon Alley to purchase your school materials."Harry nodded wordlessly and went to his room.

Chapter Two - La Vie en Rose PotterSummary: Harry Potter was raised in an orphanage, aware but confused about his magical powers. Near his eleventh birthday, he discovers he has a twin sister raised by abusive relatives for reasons he does not understand. Yearning for a family, he delves into a messy and violent Magical Britain that is yet to shrug off the effect of the latest blood war.The following days at the orphanage were incredibly long for Harry. While he didn't begrudge Esther, who he knew was beholden to rules she couldn't break, his anger at the entire situation surrounding his separation from his sister had to be directed at someone. The most appropriate conduit for his anger would likely be this Albus Dumbledore character, or at a more profound level, the Dark Wizard that McGonagall refused to name in respect for the odd traditions of Wizarding Britain. However, neither of them were available at the moment, and the stern Scottish Professor he had met the previous week was equally distant. For some reason, he couldn't blame the woman too much. It was very clear that she was just following orders she did not want to follow, even if he thought her spineless for not contradicting what he considered to be the objectively evil decision to leave a child without her twin and in an abusive household.Esther, however, was available. And more than that, she insisted on trying to talk to Harry and smooth out things between them. His hot anger was still rampaging through his system, so any rapprochement was impossible until he cooled off, but secretly he didn't want to calm down. He thought that every single adult that omitted his family from him deserve to wince in discomfort at the thought of having caused pain to an orphan, and seeing Esther grimace in discomfort when he responded cooly to one of her inquiries secretly elated him.It was a cruel sort of happiness, but it was what he could muster from those intervening days between McGonagall's visits.The other children in the orphanage noticed quickly that something was off with Harry. No one had known what had happened to change his attitude so suddenly, but it seemed like a grave incident given his face as he walked through the corridors of the place. Even the teenagers were giving him a wide berth, but he figured it was more because of a sense of fear from whichever odd powers Harry could command than from any sense of commiseration.For the first time in a long time, Harry was happy that he was usually alone. He did not want to blow up in an innocent child's face. It was the adult wizards that deserved it.By the time McGonagall had shown up to pick Harry up, however, he was too excited for the day to be as angry as he thought he should be. The small bits and bobs of magic he had witnessed were interesting, but the thought that there was an entire society separate and segregated from his own living in England was astounding."Mr. Potter," The Professor nodded to him, and Harry nodded back. There was no need for the illusion of polite greetings considering the way the meeting had gone the previous week. "Normally, Muggle-raised wizards like yourself would use the Knight Bus to travel to and from places in Wizarding Britain. However, because we are short on time, we will be traveling by a method called Apparition. You will only learn this skill later in life, so I am going to apparate us both. For future reference, to summon the Knight Bus, one only needs to raise their wand on the street in the absence of Muggles and the Bus will appear. The fare is quite affordable, so as long as you some magical currency with you, you should be alright.""But I don't have any magical money," Harry frowned."We will be taking care of that today." the woman said, a bit miffed at the question. She raised her arm at an angle and moved her head to indicate Harry should grab it. "Now, your first apparition is going to be very uncomfortable, but do not fear. I highly suggest you close your eyes, however."Harry thought about making the travel with his eyes open to witness whatever this method of transportation was, but decided to follow the witch's advice. The second he grabbed unto her arm and closed his eyes, he could feel the woman move oddly, and the next thing he knew, he felt compressed beyond what he thought possible. His chest felt heavy with pressure as his limbs swirled around in a tightening spiral, his eyes sunk into his skull and he felt a pull on his body as if he was being stretched through a tube. Suddenly, the feeling stopped without even reverting itself, and Harry fell hard on the pavement, belly side down. He groaned and immediately regretted it as he felt his breakfast rise dangerously close to his mouth. A couple of coughs and a dramatic dry-heave later, he managed to right himself again."Bloody hell, you were not kidding about the discomfort," he said weakly, patting down his limbs to ensure that all of them were there."You get used to it," she waved him off."I sincerely doubt it," he groused."They always say that", she said with a small quirk of the lips, "no matter, come along, Mr. Potter."With that, the woman walked briefly to a grubby-looking pub constructed in stone. There was an odd metalic moving figurine of a witch stirring a cauldron built near the door that made him wonder whether or not non-magical people could even see the place.He entered following the impatient McGonagall and was greeted with an odd place filled with photographs and diagrams decorating a room that exuded a medieval aesthetic, with walls of brick and stone that looked like it used to be white but had grown grey with the accumulation of dirt and grime, dark wooden furniture that looked heavy and an odd metal candelabra illuminating the place. Lighters and candles were floating around near the walls and people were talking and drinking around the bar, mostly ignoring the tables that seemed to only be there for the few that were eating. Harry saw a few people eating soup from what looked like stone bowls, but most people were just drinking from small goblets or tankards filled with a pale yellow drink that foamed too much in his opinion.He went to ask a question to McGonagall, but she shook her head softly and pointed him to a secluded corner of the place. When they arrived at the place she pointed, she waved her wand around them and a blue dome appeared quickly before disappearing. He wondered what it was, but did not question it."Mr. Potter, your surname is incredibly famous in Wizarding Britain, and if I call you by your name out loud in the middle of the Leaky Cauldron, we will get mobbed and you will not have time to buy your supplies," Harry was surprised. Was his sister that famous that the name Potter would call so much attention to himself? "I will not call you anything else, but be wary of any wizard staring too much in your direction. They may recognize you.""How would they recognize me, Professor? I have never been here before.""Indeed you haven't," she said patiently, "however, you are remarkably similar to your father, who following his death at the hands of You-Know-Who, grew to be quite revered in his own right. Some people might make a connection."Harry nodded and looked nervously around the pub. Most people were enthralled in conversation, but a couple of people would steal glances in their direction. He figured that they were looking at McGonagall and not at him, but decided to be careful anyway."Very well. This, Mr. Potter, is the Leaky Cauldron. It is both a pub and an inn. It is the only gateway between the Muggle and Magical World that is easily available during the whole year. No Muggle can see or enter the pub, so this is very heavily frequented by wizards. Hogwarts students that live in the Muggle world such as yourself will use this place as the transit point to do their shopping. This pub is operated by Tom," she said, pointing at a kind-faced old man with greying hair that seemed to be having an easy conversation with the people around him, "and the entrance to the Magical shopping distinct is behind that door, and we call it Diagon Alley. Now, Diagon Alley will be full of people this time of year because of Hogwarts students buying their books and uniforms. So stick by me and do not wander about unsupervised. There will be time for you to explore the place when you are older, but today you will have to follow me. Are we clear?"Harry nodded quickly. He wouldn't escape by McGonagall to explore anyway, it wasn't in his nature. Mischievous he might occasionally be, but he was not an idiot. He was defenseless and penniless in an unknown place. It was no time for mindless adventure.The woman seemed satisfied and walked to the door she had just indicated. As Harry walked behind her, he saw that there was a brick wall behind the door. Confused, he looked at her, but she simply took out her wand and looked at him."Watch carefully, Mr. Potter." She gently tapped her wand at some bricks around a large hole in the center of the wall, and Harry watched wide-eyed as the wall slowly receded as the bricks spun around to grant them passage.Harry was really trying not to be impressed with Magical Britain. Back in the Leaky Cauldron, he had seen the odd wizard spin a spoon around his tea with an idle twist of the fingers or a chair moving about without being touched, but those were things that he had grown accustomed to, remembering his random bouts of making things float or be flung about accidentally. However, Diagon Alley made it impossible for him to continue to think that getting to know his sister was the only reason he was attending Hogwarts.The place truly looked foreign and tremendously interesting. The shops were built in odd angles and painted colorfully, always adorned with large glass fronts that advertised the oddest things, and they were almost all tall to the point he had to bend his neck to see their roofs. He could barely see the cobblestone that paved the street, so full of wizards was the street. Signs that looked to outdo one another sprouted off at odd angles from the buildings, and owls flew above his head carrying missives and small packages. Sounds of haggling and bells rung through the place, with wizards and witches dressed in baggy long clothes and normally dark and unexpressive colors, but with one or two truly garish looking robes highlighting themselves amidst a sea of silly looking hats. Compared to the tattered and odd clothing of most people there, McGonagall looked like a fashion icon.According to the woman, gawking time was over for him as she patted him gently in the back to knock him out of his stupor and walked ahead of him. Not wanting to be left behind, he sprinted to stay level with her as she walked with her head raised high."Our first stop will be Gringotts, the only magical bank operating in Magical Britain. It is quite easy to spot." She was right. The building she pointed at was straight ahead from him and looked quite imposing. He faintly thought that an architect parent of a Muggle-raised wizard would have a heart attack entering the place. It was the tallest building in the street, with curved walls and bent white columns, the letters 'GRINGOTTS BANK' adorned gloriously in gold above the entrance. Curiously, it was also the only building that did not have a façade constructed almost entirely in glass, but it still had its fair share of windows, many of which he noted upon closer inspection had either darkened glass or simply no glass at all, only retaining the window frame. "Gringotts is run by Goblins. Listen carefully: Goblins are notoriously obsessed with security, so your family's money is untouchable, but they are a difficult and proud race to deal with. Do not smile when you talk to them, look them in the eyes, be objective and never lie or steal for a Goblin of Gringotts, for it will be the last thing you will do."At this foreboding welcome into the world of wizarding finance, Harry simply nodded frantically, noticing how truly out of his depth he was about this whole magic thing. His usual tricks would not work out as well as he thought they would. He absently remembered Esther grumbling about bank service in the orphanage but at least Barclay's wouldn't kill you if you didn't file your forms correctly.As they entered the building he had to blink back in shock. The building was quite large from the outside, but the inside was enormous. Harry quickly reminded himself he was in a magical place where everything he had been taught about physics was pointless and he was not old enough to understand anything properly yet. He wondered why all stores were not tiny if their insides could be magically enlarged and then remembered the feeling of awe he felt looking at the imposing façade of the bank.'Right. Of course, the bank would have to look impressive.'The inside was marvelous. It looked vaguely like a cathedral, but without any religious symbols. Beautiful crystal candelabras hanged from a high ceiling, pillars of dark stone supporting the enormous structure at evenly spaced intervals that made him question the bent columns at the entrance, and tiles of what he thought looked like marble decorated the floor in complex patterns. The grandeur of the place was oddly contrasted by the population of small beings walking briskly and dressed formally with long pointy ears and fingers. Beady and suspicious eyes stared at him as he walked, and he had to resist the temptation to look away from their gazes. Older looking goblins were sitting on large tables wooden tables that made you look upwards at the creatures despite their diminutive size. The further along Harry and McGonagall walked, the bigger and more imposing the chair in which the goblins surrounding them got, creating what looked like an evolving hierarchy organized in a compulsively symmetrical way as the hall went on.Harry was increasingly impressed as McGonagall kept walking and did not stop at any of the tellers. Instead, she walked to the end of the room, stopping just before reaching the only teller that worked facing the entrance to the bank and sat on the tallest table of them all and veered rightwards, walking through a set of silver doors that were flanked by taller than usual goblins dressed in red and golden garbs that reminded Harry of Red Coat soldier toys, were it not for their lack of large hats and the curved blades they wielded.This secondary room was smaller than the main hall but no less impressive. Instead of requiring their costumers to stand and look upwards as before, the tellers in this room were sat behind a white marble structure that covered an entire side of the place, with comfortable looking chairs with adjustable height coupled in front of every goblin. Wizards wearing silky and shiny dark cloaks with long hair and witches with delicate-looking long robes in varying colors and adorned in intricate patterns talked calmly with goblins that still retained a great deal of ferocity but little of the scorn so openly worn by the tellers in the previous room.McGonagall walked and sat down in front of a goblin wearing something that looked remarkably like a Muggle business suit, with tie and all, and grey hair smoothly slicked back. As Harry sat down and rolled a lever to level his chair to his eye-level and tried to climb it as graciously as he could, the goblin finished writing a letter and waved it lightly with his hand, making it fly to the waiting pile of documents in the desk of another goblin across the room.The goblin peered away from his letters slowly and stared at McGonagall, his only reaction at the humans in front of him being a light raising of his right eyebrow."Mr. Potter is here to visit his family vault," McGonagall said in a clipped voice, keeping her expression as neutral as her aggressive stern countenance allowed.At this statement, the goblin once again slowly turned his head, this time to look at Harry. He looked calmly at the boy, inclining his head softly in the direction of the young wizard in silent greeting. As he spoke his next words, Harry noticed the sharp and triangular teeth in the goblin's mouth."And can Mr. Potter identify himself?"The Professor took out a golden key from a pocket in her coat and presented it to the goblin, who waved it off and presented the couple with a yellow parchment and a black quill with a golden tip."Is this necessary?" the witch asked angrily after gently putting the key down in the desk in front of her. In response, the goblin simply sneered in an alarmingly aggressive manner that frankly scared Harry. McGonagall seemed unimpressed and merely sighed tiredly before looking at him. "Mr. Potter, this a blood quill. It is used to assure that you are who you claim you are. You will have to write your full name with this quill in this charmed parchment, but it will be very uncomfortable as it uses the blood of the users to create a magically binding document instead of the ink used in ordinary documents."Harry nodded but was internally shocked at the idea. Between the rather uncomfortable methods of instant traveling, the odd clothes, the use of owls to deliver letters, and quills that use your blood, he was skeptical that anything in Magical Britain was sensible or followed common sense.He picked the quill gingerly and as soon as he put it on top of the parchment he felt a dull pain in his right hand. As soon as he began writing his first name the pain sharpened and he wrote as quickly as he could. When he finished the Potter in Harry James Potter, he tossed the parchment lightly over the separation between himself and the goblin, who caught it out of the air with a vaguely amused expression disguised with a smirk. He put the parchment on top of a flat surface that emitted a soft green light and pinged agreeably, something Harry would not find unusual at a Tesco's but looked completely out of place at Gringotts.'This entire Magical society is mental'.The goblin seemed lightly disappointed he would not be beheading a wizard that day, and the guard that was behind him frowned and growled in frustration.'Unbelievably mental.'"You are who you say you are, Mr. Potter," he grouched before turning his attention to the older Professor that kept gazing reprovingly at the scene, "will he be coming back to acquire his family ring?""After the visit from the vault," she said, in a tone that signaled Harry immediately that he should not question the decision or ask further questions, before snapping at the teller, "now, do you mind telling me why you had an eleven-year-old boy use a blood quill when I presented you with the vault key?""Standard security measures, witch." The goblin said the last word showing explicit contempt for the first time in their conversation. Harry noted that goblins truly were obsessed with security from the vitriolic reaction that burst out as soon as his reasonings were questioned."Since when do your security measures include mild forms of magical torture to visit a family vault?" The woman hissed angrily, making Harry's eyebrows rise. The pain was quite sharp, but calling it torture was a bit much. Also, McGonagall seemed to be having a harder time keeping her cool than Harry did, which greatly surprised him. Then again, he knew too little to know with what he should be outraged."It is standard practice to require blood identification whenever two separate parties demand visitation to the same vault simultaneously," the goblin informed with a snarl, clearly enjoying the torment flashing through McGonagall's face.That comment did break through Harry's passivity and he correctly interpreted what two people entering the Potter vault at the same time meant. Getting up quickly in a way that made him shorter than when he was sitting down, he frantically asked the goblin."Wait, my sister is here?!""Indeed, Mr. Potter," the goblin said calmly, not looking at him but instead focusing on McGonagall's startled expression, "Rose Potter is visiting your vault as we speak.""She is here?" McGonagall asked herself with a frown before turning her gaze to the goblin. "Who is accompanying her?""Oh my, are Hogwarts professors so disorganized that the Girl-Who-Lived is visiting Gringotts unsanctioned by the Deputy Headmistress?" The goblin asked delighted, a tone of voice that was entirely out of place with the picture had drawn of the being."Answer the question," McGonagall said in a clipped voice, drawing herself to her full height."She came here with one Mr. Rubeus Hagrid.""Hagrid?" She said incredulously, "Albus sent Hagrid to talk to the girl?"Harry picked up on her tone and started growling as soon as the accusatory question was associated with the name Albus Dumbledore. That startled McGonagall, who had forgotten he was there in her surprise at the chaperon provided by the school."Who is this Hagrid?" He demanded in a low and angry voice."He is the Keeper of the Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts," the Professor explained quickly, summoning a goblin to accompany them to the Potter Vault silently and grabbing the key from the desk counter.Harry mulled over the title and stopped walking suddenly. "Wait, Keeper of the Keys and Grounds? Did Dumbledore send the groundskeeper to escort my sister here?"McGonagall did not answer verbally, but her weary sigh and rubbing of her forehead confirmed his inquiry. Harry started growling again, but simply followed the witch silently, more determined than ever to knock Dumbledore a peg or two.'What the hell is the man playing at with my family?'Harry followed a tiny goblin and the Deputy Headmistress down a narrow corridor until they opened a big round door. Behind the door was a gigantic cave that seemed to have multiple levels and was traversed in a cart of sorts that followed small train tracks that went all manner of directions up and down the cave system. Fortunately for Harry, the insanity of the distribution of the tracks inside Gringotts was completely lost on him as his anger addled his mind. It took the entire trip for him to simply stabilize his breathing again."Vault 687," said the goblin that piloted the cart throughout the cave in a squeaky voice that would not be strange in a dog toy.Harry listened to goblin say another thing in the same squeaky voice, but every sound in the world suddenly stopped except for the ringing of his blood in his ears. His knees felt weak and his legs buckled under his weight as he tried to stand up from the cart ride without stumbling. Noticing his reaction, McGonagall tried to help him keep on his feet, but he was too overwhelmed to do anything other than simply look ahead.Looking back at him with an equally startled expression on her face, with the same piercing green eyes, was his sister.Harry would later remark that he would never have to wonder how he would look like as a woman because all he had to do was call on his sister to find out. Even though he knew she was his twin, the similarities were so great that he managed to be surprised at what should have been obvious. The only difference was the hair that instead of being messy and unruly was slightly curly and long, but with the same bright black color. They were basically of similar height and even had tensed in the same way when they noticed one another.After what felt to him like an eternity, the girl managed to croak out something in a voice so soft and hesitant that Harry felt his chest ache with a strong protective impulse."Y-you look just like me," she blinked and rubbed her eyes like trying to figure out if he was a mirage. "Who are you?"Harry frowned slightly. Did no one tell her she had a brother? McGonagall seemed to pick up on this fact because she immediately took control of the inquiry. She spun quickly and glared at a giant man that had somehow escaped Harry's notice."Honestly, Hagrid, did you forget to tell Miss Potter that she had a twin brother?" She asked in a clipped tone of voice that exacerbated how annoyed she was. Rose gasped. Harry briefly pitied the woman, who was quite clearly drawn into this nonsense against her will, before quashing down the sentiment, focusing on her accusation."Er... Professor McGonagall, I didn't know you were comin' today," to his credit, Hagrid seemed abashed at his slip-up, but neither Harry nor McGonagall seemed amused at the slightest, and her sister was just staring shocked at her twin, no doubt going through the same internal conflict he had been through the previous week, "S'all my fault, the Muggles tha' keep Rose woun' me up a bit and I forgot about Harry here.""How did they wind you up?" Harry asked quickly, seizing the opportunity to confirm his fears about their relatives. McGonagall seemed to notice this because she tried to signal Hagrid to shut up, but he had already assumed a distant gaze and was rumbling his complaints through his thick beard."Ah! Great big Muggle there tried ter stop Rose goin' to Hogwarts, can you imagine? An' had the stones to say Hogwarts was goin' to teach yer silly magic tricks and called Dumbledore a crackpot old fool, sayin' youn' Rose here was a freak and lyin' that James and Lily died in a drunken car crash of all things! Barkin' mad, mean old fella', had a nasty big whale of a son too.""I KNEW IT!" Harry screamed angrily and turned to glare at McGonagall, who looked weary and tired with the admission. "What the hell was that crazy man thinking, putting my sister with those awful people?!"Harry felt a sharp pressure in his right shoulder and looked down to see Hagrid poking him with a great pink umbrella, "NEVER-INSULT-AMBUS-DUMBLEDORE-IN-FRONT-OF-ME!""Hagrid!" McGonagall said scandalized, knocking the umbrella away with a sharp slap of her hand. The man was put out of his anger but kept glaring at Harry, who glared back with as much viciousness. "Hagrid, go take care of the private business Albus assigned you.""Ah," the great big man blinked in surprise before attempting to whisper conspiratorially but still being way too conspicuous, "You mean the You-Know-What in the You-Know-Where?"'Seriously, what is up with wizards and hyphenized euphemisms?'"Yes, Hagrid," the woman said wearily, completely unsurprised by how unbelievably indiscreet the half-giant was, "I'll take care of it from here on with these two.""Ah, yer see, Professor Dumbledore sen' me to take care of young Rose here," he said hesitatingly, glancing at the young woman who was looking at the scene in front of her still in shock."I'll talk to Albus when we get to Hogwarts, Hagrid."The man nodded and walked briskly away, waddling awkwardly from foot to foot, which made him look quite drunk. He instructed the goblin to take him to Vault 713 and presented a wrapped up document that the goblin examined before hopping on the cart. It screamed in protest when the great big man sat down, but it still traveled smoothly down the cave system, leaving Harry, Rose, and McGonagall standing around the partly opened door to the Potter Trust Vault.Rose and Harry kept staring at each other, ignoring the presence of the Professor, who was all too pleased with the prospect of blending with the wall and allowing the madness that had been this trip to Gringotts to end so she could enjoy a dram of scotch in her office.Harry, who normally had an excellent grasp on manners and how to behave properly in any social situation, was too rattled to think properly and approached hesitatingly at his twin, awkwardly holding his hand for her to shake. With a choked cry, her sister knocked his hand out and wrapped him a strong hug, sobbing against his chest as he tried and failed to blink back his tears. They held one another tightly for a minute before Harry started to gently caress her back.When he grazed against a place near her shoulder blades, his sister hissed sharply in pain and disentangled herself from the embrace before freezing in shock as both Harry and McGonagall observed her actions and reached the same conclusion."Oh my God." Harry said softly, "They beat you, don't they?"Harry knew that this question was unbelievably personal considering he had first seen this girl barely ten minutes ago, but this was his sister. His twin. And she was being beaten. He watched as his sister's eyes moistened and she looked at her shoes in shame, recoiling slightly into herself, her arms snaking around herself to instinctively protect her ribcage.Harry turned slowly in the direction of Professor McGonagall, who was staring unblinkingly at his sister, pale and her hands clenched in fury."She is not going back," he said in a cold and detached voice without truly looking at the Deputy Headmistress's face."Mr. Potter, it's not that simple.""I DO NOT CARE HOW SIMPLE IT IS," he bellowed, his magic exploding out of him and making the cave around him tremble. Both women stared at him shocked, Rose surprised anyone would care about her that way, and McGonagall surprised by the fact he had just wandlessly cast a ridiculously powerful Sonorus.'Merlin, this kid is strong.'"If she just left Privet Drive, Albus would know and would retrieve her back to the house."Rose deflated defeatedly at the notion of going back to the Dursley's, fearing Uncle's Vernon reaction at her being a witch."She is not going back to live in an abusive home because you are too much of a coward to say Dumbledore is full of shit."Rose was surprised at the strength of her brother's conviction on her behalf and felt emotion rising in her chest. His firm voice and the pale white light that was still surrounding his hands after his outburst and the way he just cursed this formidable looking woman made him look far older than she was."If you think I am going to send a child back to their abusive relatives without a second thought, you do not know me well, Mr. Potter." The woman said sternly, glaring at her brother."C-can I stay with your family?" Rose said meekly, looking hopefully at Harry, who shook his head sadly."I don't have a family, Rose, I live in an orphanage.""Oh," she said softly before frowning, "if you don't have an adopted family, why don't I live with you?"She was about to ask why he didn't live with her, but she would never condemn anyone to live with the Dursley's, and she doubted there was enough space in the cupboard for the two of them."Dumbledore, that's why," Harry growled, making Rose blink. She was unaccustomed to people being angry in her presence and not be angry at her, and her brother's reactions on her behalf made him her favorite person in the world in the brief minutes she had known him."Mr. Potter, this is not the time for this discussion," the Professor reminded him sternly, making the boy look at her angrily."Not the time, huh," he scoffed, before calming himself with a deep breath, "if you can't take Rose out of that house, you better have some words with that family.""Trust me, Mr. Potter," she said, her face clouding over in fury and her grip on her wand tightening enormously, "I am going to have a very long conversation with the Dursley's today."Harry nodded. It was not nearly enough, but he was only eleven and probably couldn't do much damage in that confrontation, and if nothing else, McGonagall was legitimately furious thinking about those people.In the middle of the commotion, another goblin appeared and hopped out of the cart, handing two bags to McGonagall, who thanked him with a wordless nod.She explained the nature of bottomless bags and instructed them to retrieve 200 Galleons each and a handful of Sickles and Knuts for convenience. As they finally turned their attention to the vault, both Rose and Harry froze in shock at the amount of coinage in the vault. They both looked at one another with soft smiles thinking about the piles of money in the vault and turned to McGonagall as she explained."The Potter family is old and quite famous in the Wizarding World. You are not members of the richest family in our world, but you will live comfortably so long as you are financially responsible and get a good job later in life. Be warned that this vault is your joint trust vault and not the family vault. This vault is not refilled, unlike other trust vaults, so this will be all the monetary support you will have until you reached your majority."Harry and Rose nodded, both eyeing their money differently. It looked like a lot, and the 400 Galleons they had retrieved only did damage to one of the piles around the room, but they also had no idea how expensive things in the Wizarding World were.Rose was considering how much her life could change if she could use all of this. She was sure she could rent a room in a hotel with this money if it came to it, but her mind kept going to the comment the woman made before about the Headmaster being capable of knowing if she left the Dursley's. She grimaced slightly, trying to figure out how he did that. So far, her impressions of the magical world were very mixed, but her brother was here and the Dursley's were not, so she would deal with the inconvenience of hearing whispers and being watched wherever she went, and with the strange powers of this Dumbledore."Do you know how much a Galleon is worth in pound sterling?" Rose asked softly, trying to at least form a contingency in her mind if Uncle Vernon beat her again. Harry's reaction to her situation was strong enough to give her the courage to know she wasn't a freak who deserved her mistreatment, but she wasn't going to scream about it like him just yet."A Galleon is worth five pounds, Miss Potter."Rose nodded, but Harry picked up a Galleon and frowned. "There is no way that this much gold is worth only a fiver.""Don't even think about it, wizard," the goblin escort growled behind them, making everyone turn in his direction. He was tinier than the tellers and guards and was dressed in a way that made him look even less formidable. His squeaky voice made his warning not very impressive, but the gleam in his eyes was positively murderous. "Many wizards before you tried to melt the gold in these coins to sell them in the non-magical world and the consequences were... unpleasant."Harry put down the Galleon and looked at his sister, who was staring sadly at her bag, knowing that at best she had a thousand pounds on her at all times. Enough for an emergency, but not nearly good enough for a good living. At least the vault had more money, and the main family vault might have more, but she wouldn't be renting her own place for a good while. Harry patted her softly in the arm, making her smile at him for a while before she breathed heavily and walked out of the vault.Rose was very happy she met Harry. He didn't know exactly how bad things were back in Privet Drive, but the little he did know made him angry and that was more sentiment than she was used to. The stern woman next to him also seemed to be quite angry on her behalf. Hagrid had also been quite angry at the Dursley's, but it seemed like he didn't plan on doing anything he hadn't already done, and it was the Dumbledore comment that truly made him blow a lid. Rose frowned. Hagrid seemed so gentle and nice, but then he had hit his brother with the umbrella, and she hated when people did anything physical against her.They rode up to the ground level at Gringotts, with Rose asking questions to Harry about his life in the orphanage. She didn't want to talk about her childhood and Harry seemed to understand and backed off. When he told her he also didn't have any friends and that the other orphans shunned him because of his powers and that the younger kids were too afraid to be near him for long, it was her turn to growl, thinking about Dudley and his little gang. Her heart broke when he said that someone was making adults forget him whenever they wanted to adopt him, but she was secretly happy that he didn't get adopted because then she could be his family. The thought was selfish and she felt bad about it, but deep down she knew it was true and didn't bother denying it. She realized quickly that the thing they both wanted the most was a family and decided she would be the best sister she could to Harry.As they were leaving the lobby, Harry stopped and turned to the older woman."Professor, don't I have to do get a ring or something?" He asked, pointing at the teller who had talked to them both earlier.The witched stilled and murmured something beneath her breath with a movement of her wand, and the time appeared in front of her. She sighed and rubbed her temples tiredly."Right. Let's get this over with quickly."

Chapter Three - The Tantalizing Tale of Two TwinsSummary: Harry Potter was raised in an orphanage, aware but confused about his magical powers. Near his eleventh birthday, he discovers he has a twin sister raised by abusive relatives for reasons he does not understand. Yearning for a family, he delves into a messy and violent Magical Britain that is yet to shrug off the effect of the latest blood war.Serpentine Advice: If you enjoy this story, please consider reading my other main story, Serpentine Advice, which covers a Harry Potter discovering and learning from a portrait of Salazar Slytherin in the Chamber of Secrets.The three approached the same teller as before and sat down, with McGonagall choosing to stand and allow the two children to sit down. As they were both adjusting the height of their chairs to face the goblin properly, he prematurely sent a flying note to a goblin guard by the door that read it quickly, nodded back, and then burned it."Mr. Hagrid is not with you, I gather?" The goblin asked in a tone that would be polite if he wasn't wearing what could conceivably be construed as the Gringotts version of a shit-eating grin."Hagrid is of no consequence at the moment," McGonagall said resolutely, "now give the boy the ring and be done with it.""We both know that the process is complicated," the goblin said dismissively, "I am sure you would not want the Wizengamot to learn that their due process was not followed at the whimsy of the Deputy Headmistress."McGonagall looked like she wanted to steal one of the swords on display at the walls and impale the goblin with it, but did not act on her clear frustration. Harry wondered if every single interaction with goblins resulted in some threat being made, not knowing Rose was thinking along the same lines. The two siblings kept glancing at one another throughout the discussion, gauging the other's reactions. When Harry shook his head to indicate he wasn't going to intervene to defend the Professor, Rose nodded shyly and gave him a small smile he reciprocated.He was still getting a grasp on this being a sibling thing, but he quite liked it so far.After a tense minute of silence mostly spent by the goblin and Professor glaring at one another mercilessly, the goblin guard return with an escort carrying a rectangular velvet box. Harry thought it looked like one of those boxes that fancy shops sold expensive pens in. It had a golden latch in the form of a strange animal that looked like a winged lion with talons who moved mesmerizingly to protect the box."Mr. Potter," said escort said in a mercurial voice that made the guard near him snarl softly, "this is the ring box for the Potter family. Only those with Potter blood may open it. Before we answer any lingering questions, I ask you to open it for us."Harry nodded and moved to open the box. The golden animal quickly swiped at his finger, making it bleed slightly. He was about to complain when suddenly the box glowed and the animal in the latch bowed to him before moving out of the way and allowing him to open the box. He did so, asking himself if the goblin meant the line about Potter blood literally.Inside the box, supported by a bright red foam of sorts, were three rings of increasing sizes. Before he could touch any of the rings, the escort moved the box to the teller, which placed it in the same magical contraption as before. Again it pinged happily, and the teller turned the box in Harry's direction but kept his long fingers on top of the box."Before you are to wear this ring, there are a few things you must understand concerning your family specifically and your responsibilities more generally, Mr. Potter." Instead of the somewhat dismissive and mocking tone the goblin had used with McGonagall, he said this in a calm and respectful voice, but still clearly taking stock of the boy currently facing him evenly. "Do you have any questions before we start?""I do," Harry said firmly, "do my parents left a will before their death?""They did," the goblin confirmed but forestalled any further inquiries into the matter by raising his hand, "however, their will was sealed off by the Wizengamot shortly after their deaths, and we cannot execute it without the body's explicit permission.""Let me guess, Albus Dumbledore was somehow involved?" Harry asked wearily, not even having the energy to continue being angry after his outburst in the caves a few minutes prior."He has been the legislative leader of the Wizengamot, or Chief Warlock, for decades now. It would stand to reason that his fingers would be over this decision, but I cannot inform you more than that.""The Wizengamot being?" Harry asked, already mentally adding yet another point to the long list of things he was confused by that day."You truly know nothing about this world, do you?" There was no malice in the goblin's voice, only curiosity, which somehow unnerved Harry even more than when he had heard the creature be openly scornful."I don't.""Well then, I am not your babysitter, Mr. Potter," the goblin said firmly, finally lifting his hand from the ring box, "I suggest you go and read books on the subject on the Wizengamot in your time. There are issues to be taken care of in the Potter family specifically, and I do not like allowing decisions to pile up more than they already have in twelve years.""Wait, twelve years?" Rose asked confusedly. "Hasn't Dad been dead for only ten years?""Indeed, but James Potter chose to play soldier instead of tending to his responsibilities," the goblin said scathingly, infuriating both of James's children, but neither could defend the memory of their dead father as McGonagall interrupted them."Would you speak ill of the dead, teller?" She asked icily, putting her hands in both the children's shoulders to stop their tirade before it began."Why, Professor, that is the best time to speak ill of anyone," he replied with an ugly smirk, "the dead don't talk back."Harry resisted the urge to insult the goblin and merely kept his gaze narrow and sharp, something that seemed to earn the teller's respect as his tone normalized once more."Let us begin by saying the following. The Potter family holds a seat on the Wizengamot due to their status as an Ancient and Noble family. I will not explain to you what that means, before you ask, because it is not my responsibility. There are plenty of books on the subject available on Diagon Alley and I will not waste my time being your tutor."The important matter here is that your family needs a representative on the body. Normally in your situation, your guardian would choose a proxy for you, but your guardian, one Mrs. Esther Ross, is a Muggle, which excludes her from deciding anything concerning the Magical world. Miss Potter does have what we call a magical guardian, someone who is responsible for her decisions on the Magical world, but you do not.""Again, Dumbledore?" Harry asked tiredly, crushed by the sheer amount of work he would have to do to understand what was going on."You learn quickly, wizard," the goblin smirked, "yes, Mr. Dumbledore is Miss Potter's magical guardian. But you are the older sibling, and therefore, the Heir Apparent to the Potter family. The Wizengamot seat is your responsibility, not hers. You do not have a magical guardian, and one will only be assigned to you after you have sorted into one of the Hogwart's Houses, as is a tradition for all Muggle-raised wizards to have their Head of House be their magical guardian.""I never chose him as my magical guardian, I don't even know him," Rose asked with a frown. "Who decided for me? Isn't that the role of the magical guardian?""Mr. Dumbledore convinced the Wizengamot that in his position of Chief Warlock he ought to be your magical guardian to assure that such a prestigious new member of Magical Britain not be taken in by families that followed the wrong ideas about You-Know-Who.""So, my magical guardian chose my magical guardian?" Rose deadpanned and mumbled a complaint beneath her breath when the goblin confirmed."You, Mr. Potter, are an interesting cross-section that has never been foreseen by law, however." The goblin said as he turned his attention back to Harry. "A Muggle-raised Head of a Wizengamot House is unprecedented. The Ministry requires a proxy be appointed to every House that has an Heir at least in Hogwarts-appropriate age in case of permanent indisposition or death of their previous Head, and it also requires that the decision be made by the Heir's magical guardian. As you don't have a magical guardian and the law is unclear, Gringotts believes you may choose.""Can't the Ministry disagree?""They can try," the Goblin snarled, for the first time not aimed at one of the three humans in front of him, "but traditionally House family business has been decided by the families, and trying to impose their will on a future House Head will antagonize all the other House Heads."Harry nodded, quietly reviewing the information in his mind."Why are you so eager for me to choose a proxy?" Harry asked with narrowed eyes and a slight frown.The goblin truly exploded in laughter, a rough and horrible gurgling noise that sounded like someone was drowning, before grinning winningly. "You do catch on quickly, wizard! Maybe you will be entertaining to deal with in the future. I am so eager for you to choose a proxy because doing so activates your family's main vaults for our usage, which allows us to make investments on your behalf and for me to earn my commissions."Harry appreciated the candor. Goblins might be unpleasant, but Harry assumed it was better to be honestly dismissive than to be passive-aggressive. He spent a minute or so thinking about what he had heard, but he knew he was in a bind."Well, I only really know one adult witch, and it's you, Professor," Harry asked apprehensively. He didn't like the idea of having his magical guardian be employed by Dumbledore, but it wasn't like he had much of a choice in the matter. It was better than being unrepresented. "Will I be able to change my proxy in the future?""Only if the magical guardian allows it," the goblin replied."This just sounds illegal," Harry complained, trying to ignore the massive dissonance between what he had painstakingly learned about the world from the orphanage and what he was observing from the Magical world so far."By whose laws, Mr. Potter?" The teller inquired sarcastically. "In case you haven't noticed, Magical Britain is quite different from the United Kingdom.""I noticed that when Hagrid gave my cousin a pig's tail and the police didn't bust through the front door," Rose deadpanned. Harry snorted, reviewing his opinion of the large man upwards before frowning and turning to ask his twin about this cousin."Rest assured, Mr. Potter," McGonagall cut through the impending rambling conversations, "I have no interest in retaining proxy status for someone who does not wish me to be their representative. Merlin knows I already have too much to do.""Alright then," Harry nodded, "you can be my proxy until I determine a better one with my future magical guardian.""In that case, Mr. Potter, we can proceed with the rings themselves," the goblin said, pushing the box closer to him. From that distance, Harry could see the detailing in the rings much better. The smaller ring had the detailing in the form of one of those strange leonine animals that had protected the box itself earlier on, with a yellow diagonal stripe on a red background. The two larger rings had the same animal but facing opposite directions, with one carrying a sword and the other one, strangely enough, stirring what Harry assumed was a cauldron. The latter also was a bit thinner and had an unspecified red stone carved into the top, while the former had no further details other than an inscription in a language Harry did not recognize in the inside."These are the Heir ring, Lady ring and Lord ring for the Potter family, respectively. They are crafted by the Goblins of Gringotts for every family with a hereditary seat on the Wizengamot and generously leased to the relevant family by us," the teller said, his eyes glinting with pride as he described the manufactory of the family rings, "they are imbued by blood-recognition runes to ensure that only the appropriate people can wear them, reshape themselves automatically to the wearer's finger size and will aid the wearer to control their house's wards remotely. Naturally, you have no access to the latter until your majority, so it is a moot point.""What else do they do?" Harry asked mesmerized, cautiously prodding the rings with his finger as if fearing the decorative animal on its crest would burst into life and strike him down."What more do you want, a broom polishing kit?" The goblin snarked."It was just a question," Harry defended himself weakly."It was a stupid question," the teller responded before resuming, "you will wear the Heir ring until you reach your majority at age 17. Retrieve the smallest of the three rings, and place it around your ring finger on your right hand."As Harry did so, the ring glowed faintly yellow and pricked his finger lightly, drawing a small droplet of blood. After that, it shrunk to fit Harry's ring finger. As soon as it was properly placed, he felt a burst of a cozy and warm energy flow through him slowly from his hands up to his head and then downwards to his feet."That felt amazing," he heard Rose faintly said from his side."You felt it too?""I did," she answered, her eyes still slightly glossed over from the energy."Whenever a ring is activated, all family members will feel their family's magic accept a new Heir, Lady or Lord. Whenever a member of your family dies, all other members will also feel some magical energy flow through them, but it will not be as pleasant," the goblin explained.Rose nodded but kept imagining how her mum had felt when magic had confirmed to her that dad had died. She couldn't even begin to understand the despair she must have felt at that moment. Her brother must have understood what she was thinking, as he squeezed her hand softly. She smiled softly to him before turning to the teller."Is there something I have to do?""At the moment, no, Miss Potter. There may be something coming up the future in the form of marriage contracts, but so far we have outstanding offers to deny all of them in your name.""Ergh, sorry, did you say marriage contracts?" Harry asked faintly, as Rose paled at the thought of not choosing who she would marry."Are you deaf as well as daft, child?" The goblin asked angrily. "As Heir, not even your magical guardian can overrule you when it concerns marriage. Elsewise, the magical guardian could marry a daughter of the family in question himself and commit line theft. These days, marriage contracts are quite rare, but more traditional families still use them."Rose turned to Harry despairingly and he shook his head furiously. There was no way in hell he would intervene in her life like that. She let out a heavy breath and hugged him softly."By law, I must tell you that Miss Potter receives a fair amount of proposals, no doubt due to her fame," the goblin said in a boring tone as if discussing the laundry and not the medieval way in which marriage worked in Magical Britain, "and although I mustn't, I will warn you that many years ago, Mr. Dumbledore himself attempted to fix a marriage contract for young Miss Potter with the youngest son of the Weasley family, but once it was made clear to him he had no right to do so, he backed off.""Excuse me, Albus did what?!" McGonagall said angrily from behind the two. Harry was too shocked to learn about marriage contracts even think about replying to this new infraction by the man, and Rose just looked terrified and slightly nauseous at the idea."You heard it, witch.""What is Albus doing, honestly," McGonagall muttered heatedly before launching into a string of what Harry had assumed were insults in what he assumed was Gaelic."Just to be sure," Rose asked faintly, "this contract he tried to put me into isn't valid anymore, right?"Perhaps noticing the distress on the young woman's face, the goblin restrained his answer to a tight nod. Rose sagged in relief and some color returned to her face."Professor McGonagall, are you certain that going to Hogwarts would be the best choice for us?" Harry said tightly. The teller noticed that as he spoke, he fingered the Heir ring in small circles with his indicator, in much the same manner as his grandfather used to do before the Blood War. Maybe the young wizard would be entertaining to deal with in the future."I honestly had no idea what Albus has done when it comes to Miss Potter," she sighed softly, calming herself down, before adjusting her posture to look once more like the formidable witch she was, "but I guarantee you that he will not be allowed to meddle with you as students. He is constrained to his responsibilities as Headmaster."Harry nodded but kept his gaze on the Professor for a couple of beats of silence to evaluate the sincerity of her words. He was wary, but it was clear from her attitude that she was sincerely dismayed at her employer's actions. It was an uncertain beginning, but one he could work with."Is there something else?" He asked when he finally turned back to the goblin."Nothing urgent. We have work to do to organize your family's financial affairs per the specifications of late Lady Lily Potter before we can give you a reliable account of your family's financial situation. You will not be able to interfere with your family's main vault until you reach your majority, but nor will your magical guardian be able to do so either. Luckily for you, Lady Potter gave us enough leeway to allow for a modest amount of profit to be made in the coming years.""Lily, not James?" McGonagall asked confused."You knew them both, Professor, which do you think was more financially responsible?"McGonagall hummed and said nothing more."In that case, you are dismissed, Mr. Potter," the teller said after a beat of silence, "we will be keeping an owl correspondence via your legal guardian, Mrs. Ross. Now go, time is gold and I have wasted far too much of mine with you."Harry blinked at the sudden and rather rude dismissal but said nothing more. McGonagall looked much lighter simply from the prospect of being able to leave the bank and walked briskly ahead of the two following twins, without even a glance back to see if they were still behind her.As they stepped into the crowd of Diagon Alley, Rose instantly looked downwards and covered her scar with a fringe of black hair. Harry frowned confused at her actions, prompting a rather meek response."This way no one bothers me. When I was here before with Hagrid people kept wanting to touch me."Harry felt himself growing angry again. He didn't like the meek look on his twin, particularly when it was induced by a bunch of rude strangers with no respect for the concept of privacy. Noticing his mood shift, Rose put a hand on his arm shyly."It's fine, Harry. Let's just shop for today, I'm excited to get my wand," Harry smiled at the eagerness in her voice and couldn't deny that he was pretty excited for that too.They both sprinted happily to either side of Professor McGonagall, that kept walking in the direction of the Leaky Cauldron."Because we spent an inordinate amount of time just in Gringotts," the Scotswoman began, glancing sideways to face the two children that didn't seem abashed in the slightest by the delay, "I am afraid you will have very little time to peruse through Diagon Alley. Normally I would accompany you to Horizontal Alley and Carkitt Market for you to explore the shopping district at its fullest, but we have no time. You ask that you do not come here unaccompanied, but having known James Potter, I fear that you may do so regardless if you have inherited anything at all from the man."At this point, she stopped and turned seriously at the two, making Rose freeze slightly in fear and cowing Harry in a way only Esther could, "do not, under any circumstances, walk into Knockturn Alley without an adult escort. If you do, someone will accost you at the very least, and in the worse circumstance, you may be kidnapped. Particularly for you, Miss Potter, Knockturn is strictly off-limits.""Why for me specifically, Professor?""Because Knockturn Alley is where many of You-Know-Who's less restrained former followers and sympathizers congregate," she said sternly. Rose and Harry nodded quickly, not wanting to be exposed to that part of Magical Britain yet. "We will have to enter Knockturn Alley to buy you a cauldron each, but Potage's Cauldron Shop is very near the intersection with Diagon Alley, so it is not particularly bad."When the twins acquiesced with a nod, the witch continued, "I am sure you are curious to see the books the goblin teller had mentioned, Mr. Potter, and in the interest of finishing all of your purchases today, I will advise that we begin by buying the standard items in both your lists."Understanding by her tone that this advice was not optional, he just shrugged and motioned for her to guide them.They walked quickly and stopped at a discreet wooden shop with dark gold decorations in the windows and door called Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment. The outside of the shop did not call attention to itself, but the inside was beautifully decorated, with bright golden stars moving around the walls painted in night sky dark blue, and bright brass instruments positioned around shallow shelves all around them.The seller recognized Rose as she was too astounded by the moving stars to hide her face, but he quickly recovered from the surprise and greeted them and the professor warmly, which Harry was very thankful for. Because the man kept glancing at him instead of Rose, he gathered that his existence was not well-known in Magical Britain. They bought the telescopes, brass scales, and set crystals before leaving the shop. Both Harry and Rose startled by how McGonagall had shrunk their things before she informed them that she would unshrink it at their homes.They moved onto Diagon Alley again, stopping at Slug & Jiggers Apothecary to purchase some potions paraphernalia. When Rose pointed out that the knives, mortar and pestles, vials, and stirring sticks were not in the Hogwarts shopping list, McGonagall informed them that the school's standard equipment was second-hand and could contaminate their potions if not properly sanitized. No ingredient was bought, but Harry was enchanted at how things like peppermint and honey and mistletoe seeds were next to things like dragon blood, leaping toadstool, and unicorn horn. Having received once more reminder that Magical Britain was truly another country, they exited the store without being stopped.Their visit to Scribbulus Writing Implements was similarly uneventful, but Rose was particularly happy to see a bottle of Color-Changing Ink and insisted on buying it. They both got a Self-Inking Quill and a regular one as a backup, as well as several rolls of parchment for notes and a couple of bottles of black ink. When McGonagall told them that Muggle-raised students normally had a hard time acclimating to writing with Wizarding implements, they both agreed to study their books in the following month using their new equipment."You can also owl one another to train your handwriting," the Professor pointed out."But I don't know Harry's address," Rose frowned, not liking the fact that she knew so little about her twin brother."You don't have to, Miss Potter. Magical owls can track anyone not under concealment wards so long as you write their names on the letter."After Harry asked what concealment wards were and got a non-answer in the form of 'you will learn about them if you take Ancient Runes in your Third Year', Rose dragged them both to Eeylops Owl Emporium to get herself an owl. The store was quite large, with many owls hung outside and inside in large ornates bronze cages. By the door, Harry spotted a poster of a rather good looking grey owl that listed Tawny, Screech, Barn, Snowy, and Eagle as what he assumed were the kinds of owls sold.Almost immediately, Rose twisted her head to stare at a beautiful white owl with small brown spots and almost aggressively amber eyes that were similarly staring at Rose with a curious expression. Harry assumed that the bird was a Snowy Owl, and quickly confirmed it with a glance at a small metal placard placed on the bottom of the cage. The bird barked happily, calling the attention of an older wizard manning the counter."Lass, that right there is one wicked bird, let me tell you. Beaks like mad and the sharpest talons of the whole lot. Wouldn't you want a Barn Owl? They're far more agreeable."Harry initially suspected that the man was trying to goad Rose into buying a more expensive bird, but he saw the price tag behind the man and noted that the Snowy Owl was five galleons more expensive. With that handy information, he looked at the snowy somewhat warily but watching the way Rose was staring lovingly at the bird he didn't have the heart to comment anything negative."I don't know why, but I felt a pull to this owl as soon as I entered the shop," she said not facing the clerk and putting a finger through the cage bars that the owl nipped delicately, making her smile. The clerk seemed rather surprised at her sentiment."A familiar bond so quickly?" He asked wide-eyes, staring at the bird speculatively. "Maybe that's why she was so snappy with everyone else."McGonagall scoffed lightly by Harry's side, making him look questioningly at her."Familiar bonds between wizards and animals are poorly understood, but there's no way she formed a bond that quickly. It takes years at best and most wizards never form a bond.""If she says she felt something, I believe her," Harry shrugged. McGonagall made a nondescript noise of acceptance but didn't seem convinced.Rose turned to the clerk and said happily, "I'll take her, sir.""Rose Potter," the man said reverently before McGonagall coughed to interrupt that line of thinking. As the clerk turned to the direction of the noise, his eyes met Harry's and he blinked. "And you must be Harry Potter, then?""You know me?" Harry asked surprised. The man smiled softly."Aye, lad, the older ones among us remember when James Potter announced he had twins, a boy, and a girl. You look spookily like him, except for the eyes. You have your mother's eyes, both of ya."Harry and Rose glanced at one another quickly before turning back to the clerk. Harry surmised he would be getting that line quite a lot the following year."Will you be taking an owl too, Mr. Potter?" The man asked curiously."No, I think I'll just use Rose's. I don't have anyone to talk to except her and I can just use her owl if I need to."The man looked inquisitively at both twins, trying to figure out by the comment if they lived together or not, but thankfully for all of them, he simply turned to Rose and asked for fifteen galleons.As she paid for the bird, they all left the store."Don't you want a pet, Harry?" Her sister asked, carrying the owl's cage carefully next to her."I don't know. I don't need an owl, and toads and cats sound boring," he said before frowning slightly, "I wish I could have a snake.""Why would you want a snake, Mr. Potter?" McGonagall asked curiously, but not shifting her sight from the street in front of her."Well, then I would have someone to talk to at the orphanage."It took a second for the phrase to filter through the Professor's brain, but when it did she stopped walking abruptly and grabbed his arm firmly."Mr. Potter, did you just say that you can speak to snakes?" She asked sternly, for the first time truly scaring him. He tried to discreetly release himself from her grasp but she was relentless."Stop! You're hurting him!" Rose said angrily, putting down the owl's cage and putting herself between them both as best she could. "I can talk to snakes too, it's no big deal!""You both are Parselmouths?" McGonagall asked faintly, paling considerably. "Merlin, the Potter family is going to be the death of me.""Parselwhat?" Rose asked confused, taking a step backward to get closer to Harry, who embraced her with one arm."Parselmouths," McGonagall said in a low voice before again casting a spell that made a blue dome flicker around the three of them, "are what we call wizard who have the ability to talk and command snakes. It's considered an omen for a Dark Wizard and You-Know-Who is the last recorded Parselmouth in Britain.""Well, that's just stupid," Rose said firmly, surprising Harry as once again she put herself in front of him, "that's nothing wrong with us just because we like to talk to snakes. The only bad thing I've ever done with a snake was the one time I released a boa constrictor from the London Zoo, and that wasn't that bad.""You did what?" Harry asked amusedly at the same time as McGonagall asked the same question, aghast."On my cousin's birthday, we visited the London Zoo and I went to look at it and he understood what I was saying," she smiled sheepishly at Harry before frowning a bit whilst facing McGonagall, "he looked like he wanted to leave because it was lonely there and wanted to go home to Brazil, so I.. ergh made the glass disappear, I guess? And then he thanked me and went off. Like I said, it wasn't that bad, he just didn't want to feel trapped anymore."Harry laughed loudly at the story while McGonagall complained to herself about how they were more trouble than James and a man named Sirius neither of them heard about before. They spent the next ten minutes arguing that the prejudice against Parselmouths was stupid until the Professor finally allowed him to take a snake to Hogwarts so long as they weren't seen talking to it or used it to scare other the students. Harry and Rose smiled happily at the woman and she simply sighed and cursed in Gaelic."We need to go buy you two a cauldron and then go buy robes first. We'll leave the books and the... snake for after that." The way she hesitated before saying snake in a defeated tone made Harry and Rose smile softly at one another.Buying a cauldron was quick. McGonagall accelerated as soon as they turned into Knockturn Alley, and instructed them both to keep by her side at all times. The beginning of the Alley didn't seem that bad, but Harry could tell it got dirtier and darker as it went on. The only point of contention was Rose's insistence on buying a Copper Cauldron instead of a Pewter one."I saw the cauldron in the Lady Potter ring and buying the better cauldron is my way of honoring my mum." After that, McGonagall decided not to protest, but she still looked a bit apprehensive for reasons neither Harry nor Rose could understand.The foray into robes was much more animated. As soon as they entered, a small middle-aged woman wearing a light purple dress greeted them warmly, before noticing Professor McGonagall."Ah, Hogwarts for the both of you dearies? I'll get your uniforms for you right away, and then we can measure you both. A young man just left after being fitted a minute ago. Give me ten."They both waited, but Rose kept looking around the clothes with bright eyes. McGonagall moved to stop her from perusing after checking the time, but Harry stopped her with a gentle push of her sleeve. When the Professor looked at him with a questioning eyebrow raised, he shook his head and pointed at Rose's dress. It looked a bit dirty and well worn, with a few patches of sewn fabric of different colors around her arms covering holes and tears."You think?" The Professor asked softly. Harry nodded, having seen children wearing similarly tattered clothes arriving at the orphanage before.McGonagall looked sadly at the girl before firming herself and walking to her side and starting an animated conversation about robes and clothes in the Muggle and Wizarding world. Harry smiled at seeing how happy Rose got with the conversation, and reconsidered his suspicions of McGonagall. It was clear that the woman was fond of the twins, despite her stern exterior and affiliation with Albus Dumbledore. Having her at Hogwarts and in such a powerful position as Deputy Headmistress would make their lives much easier.Rose seemed surprised when the Professor started picking up Muggle dresses, shirts, and pants from the racks and putting them vaguely on top of her to check her size."I don't have to get anything, Professor," she asked panicked when she understood what was going on. Harry frowned in confusion, but McGonagall simply kept staring at the girl, silently requesting further information. After squirming under her gaze a bit, she admitted quietly. "The Dursley's won't like it if I get better clothes."Harry felt his anger surface again and his fists closed tightly, but before he could do anything, McGonagall bowed down to Rose's height and said kindly, "Rose, you don't have to worry about the Dursley's, I promise I'll talk to them when I leave you at Privet Drive. Buying you some proper clothes is the least I can do for James and Lily's daughter."Rose nodded tearfully before thanking her timidly. Harry moved forward and enveloped her in a soft hug that his twin melted into, covering her tearful face in embarrassment. After a while, she thanked her with a look and verbally thanked McGonagall more firmly."Very good, Miss. Potter. Let's get you some things. Mr. Potter, why don't you take a look at some casual robes for you as well? You might them in the future."Harry looked at some dark robes faintly but kept his gaze mostly on his sister as she happily looked at the clothes available on the store. He watched as she protested the size of the piles that McGonagall was mounting, but relented after a brief conversation with the witch. He watched as she was embarrassedly looking at more delicate and ornate dresses, secretly wishing that the professor would get them for her, but too shy to ask, and how her face lit up briefly when she did get them. Harry sighed. He had no idea how much damage her relatives did to her, but it was far more than what he had suffered in the orphanage, and he was resolutely determined to help her overcome her demons.After some more moments, the woman appeared again carrying a bundle of black clothes."Alright, dear, why don't we start with you before we go with your sister?" Harry nodded and was led into the backroom, the last thing he saw being Rose moving to pay for her bundle of clothes before McGonagall slapped her hand away softly and paid herself.Measuring his clothes was relatively fast. She made some quick adjustments to his sleeves, that were too long for his size, but decided that the length was good enough to last him the year. After informing him that he would have to return the following year to get a new set of robes with his Hogwarts house properly determined, he tried on a few hats and chose a pair of black dragon gloves. Harry found the tie he had to wear at Hogwarts greatly uncomfortable and immediately moved to loosen it a bit but was stopped remarkably fast by the older woman.He paid and sat down in an old wooden chair near the counter as his sister went for her measurements, having her previous purchases already shrunken down into a neat little package that McGonagall was carrying around. When Rose finally exited the backroom she was blushing slightly and refused to tell him why, but the older woman that had measured them both was chuckling merrily behind her.Being worried that the day was advancing quickly, McGonagall bought them both a small fish stew to go instead of a bigger lunch at a place called Brews and Stews, and both twins watched astonished as the bowls disappeared as soon as they finished eating. They walked and stopped at a shop called Ollivander's, with Rose immediately perking up when she saw the store sold wands. Harry blinked in surprise when he read on the sign that the place sold wands since 382 B.C and entered after his sister.The interior of the shop was vast and filled with row after row of different colored boxes stacked up to three stories high in what started as neat little patters but unavoidably turned into frightfully messy piles that looked structurally unsafe. The enormous amount of wands available made Harry wary of just how much time they would spend at the place and he resigned himself to a long afternoon choosing a wand, but couldn't stop a soft smile from blossoming on his face as Rose was tenderly standing on her toes to read labels from different boxes.When Harry finally decided to move in her direction to help her reach a box she was trying to grab, a voice suddenly popped behind him, making him jump in fright. From the way Rose grabbed his arm to support herself, he figured she was similarly surprised."Professor McGonagall, dark fir with dragon heartstring, nine-and-a-half inches, rigid and well-suited for Transfiguration," the voice croaked softly, "I trust it has served you well?""Indeed it has, Mr. Ollivander.""Very good," the man said, turning to Harry and Rose. He blinked owlishly with large grey eyes analyzing them calmly, "it has been a long time since I have had a Potter entering this shop, Mr. Harry Potter and Miss Rose Potter. I have been waiting for you both.""You sold the wand for our parents?" Rose asked eagerly."Oh yes, Miss Potter. I remember every single wand I have ever sold, no exception," his gaze shifted from Rose to Harry before resting in a midway point that made him look a bit crazy as he spoke, "James Potter, mahogany with griffin feather core, eleven inches, very pliable and well-suited for Transfiguration. Lily Evans, willow with unicorn hair core, ten-and-a-quarter inches, swishy and excellent for Charms work."He looked at a stand of wands behind him slowly before turning back to them. "I no longer make wands with griffin cores. Too temperamental, you see? Your father bought a wand made by one of my predecessors in this store. I believe you should only use the cores from immensely powerful animals and use a greater variety of wand woods to match with these cores to create appropriate combinations for young witches and wizards.""And griffins are not powerful enough, sir?" Harry asked curiously, not having known previously just how a wand would influence a wizard."They are plenty powerful, Mr. Potter," the man chuckled softly, "but like with phoenixes, only feathers willingly given can be used reliably. I have a good source for the occasional phoenix feather, but I am afraid I am out of friends with friendly griffin herds. I would love to make a thestral hair wand one day as well. None of this idle talk now, I can't reveal the secrets of my trade so easily. Let's pair you both up, shall we?""You can go first, Harry," Rose said immediately. "I want to have a look around."As she walked away with McGonagall, Mr. Ollivander turned to him."Hold out your wand arm, please?" Harry lifted his right arm and the older man analyzed him briefly before turning and collecting seven boxes from various stands behind him. "Let us try this one. Mahogany with dragon heartstring core, ten inches. Give it a wave, Mr. Potter."Harry waved and watched frightened as the wave emitted a large sound and practically leaped out of his hand. He was quite sad at the rejection from a wand with the same wood as his father but had no time to wallow in his misery."Oh goodness. Not good. Let's try hawthorn wood, nine-and-a-half inches, with unicorn tail hair."Harry waved it more firmly, determined to make it work, but it only made the chair in front of him burst on fire. Ollivander shook his head and erased the fire quickly."You are quite sure of yourself, Mr. Potter," the man said enigmatically. Maybe it had something to do with the wand rejecting him? "Let us try ash, a wood for those of strong beliefs and convictions, with the same unicorn core."Again, the wand rejected him strongly, making Ollivander frown a bit."Three rather extreme rejections. I sense I will have to go look for a wand in the back for you, Mr. Potter. For now, let us try a firmer wand. Aspen with unicorn tail hair, eight inches, excellent for combat magic."The wand didn't reject him so strongly, but it still made the same chair that had previously burst into flames shoot up to the roof and break down. Harry tried to apologize but the man was not even remotely concerned with it."Yes, I will have to go to the back and seek a wand for you. I don't think this will be the proper wood, but maybe a phoenix core will be amenable to you. Cherry wood is quite popular in Japan and conducts tremendous power, but it only serves well those with truly exceptional self-control. Cherry and phoenix core, eleven-and-a-quarter inches."Dismissing the insult, he waved and watched frightened as the wand shot a massive burst of energy that almost knocked an entire shelf of wands down. He sheepishly smiled to the surprised Ollivander, who chuckled merrily after collecting the downed wands from the floor."Phoenix core is definitively not for you, Mr. Potter. Phoenix wands can impose themselves on the wizard and follow their magic, and it is clear that you do not have the desire to be dominated by your wand. Let us try two wands quickly before I go seek something more specialized. Holly is a good wood for those that need to overcome emotional turmoil, but once bonded, it makes for a frightfully powerful wand. Let's go with unicorn tail hair once more, eight-and-three-quarters inches."It rejected Harry but unlike the previous rejections that went in the form of massive bursts of uncontrolled magic, this one merely emitted a weak light and did nothing more."Finally, do try this one. Ebony with dragon heartstring, twelve inches, much like my own wand, Mr. Potter."Harry waved it and watched as bright sparks formed in his hand. The wand felt comfortable, but something was missing. Ollivander seemed to agree, because he retrieved the wand carefully from Harry's hand and sealed off the box calmly before smiling softly to the anxious boy, "I believe we have found your wand wood, Mr. Potter. Ebony is an excellent wood for those of us that are non-conformists and individualists, unafraid to be unique, and excellent for martial castings and Transfiguration in particular."Harry was happy with the description of his personality, having already figured out that his frame-of-mind was somewhat unique even in non-magical Britain, let alone in the Magical world."We will now need to see for an unorthodox core for you. Sadly it will not be my honor to craft your wand.""Sorry for the inconvenience, sir," Harry said somewhat embarrassedly. He never imagined that he would cause this much trouble to simply get himself a wand."Oh, I assure you it is not an inconvenience at all. Tricky clients are always my favorites. Nothing is exciting about selling endless chestnut with dragon heartstring wands."After waiting for a while, Ollivander returned with two dark boxes and a golden one that seemed very old. He started with one of the dark ones and showed it delicately to Harry."All of these wands are made from ebony, Mr. Potter. This one I am presenting to you has been made by an ancestor of mine that traveled to Castelobruxo and quite enjoyed Brazil. Curupira hair, excellent for the unorthodox and unpredictable wizard. It should make an interesting pair with ebony wood, don't you think? Wave it firmly, please."The reaction from this wood was much more comfortable than any before and filled Harry with warmth and a sense of fulfillment. He thought that this would be the wand for him, but Ollivander was frowning."Maybe, but I'm not so sure. We seem to be in the right direction, however," he said, collecting the wand back. He hesitated between the two boxes, staring at Harry and making a silent calculation before opening the golden box. "Thunderbird tail feathers, like phoenix's feathers, can sometimes impose themselves on the wizard and cast magic on its own. I do not know if it will match with you considering your reaction to phoenix cores, but it is a good core for Transfiguration and martial casting, so maybe it will compound with the effects from the ebony."Harry waved it and again the wand revolted and jumped away from his hand after destroying a globe ornament in Ollivander's desk. Knowing that he wouldn't be able to apologize to the old man anyway, he simply gingerly returned the wand to the open box and looked expectantly at Ollivander.The man handed Harry a dark and short wand with very dark blue details. "Horned Serpent horn, eight-and-a-quarter-inches. Wave it gingerly, Mr. Potter."Harry waited for the man to describe the effects of the core as he had done with the previous wands, but the man stayed silent, staring firmly at Harry. As he swished it, his breath hitched and a bright light surrounded him, and a soft gentle song emanated from the wand, greeting him warmly. He stared wide-eyed at Ollivander, that was nodding at him slowly."I believe we have a ringing endorsement, Mr. Potter. Would you mind calling your sister Rose so that we may pair her up with her wand, please?""Of course," Harry nodded happily, still buzzing with excitement from finding his wand. "Sorry for being such a difficult client, Mr. Ollivander.""Do not worry, Mr. Potter," the man said softly, "after all, it is not every day that I pair a wand with a Parselmouth."Harry froze and stared wide-eyed at the older man, too surprised to conceal his reaction as he usually would. Realizing that his reaction had given him away, and frightfully remembering McGonagall's warning about the public's perceptions of Parselmouths, he asked weakly, "ho-how did you know?""I didn't, Mr. Potter," the man chuckled happily, returning to his previously animated behavior now that his theory was confirmed, "however, Horned Serpent horn cores pair exceedingly well with Parselmouths and allegedly allow for the wizard to perform magic in said language. In general, it makes for some of the strongest possible wands, reserved for the exceptionally powerful wizard.""Oh," Harry said awkwardly, still somewhat wary of the man's discovery of his ability."Fear not, Mr. Potter, we are fellow Ebony wand wielders. I do not fear the unique. However, you should be careful not to reveal that core to other wizards if you do not wish to be judged," the man said kindly, sensing his discomfort. "A word of warning, Mr. Potter. This wand core will emit a soft sound whenever you find yourself in dangerous situations. Pay attention to your wand, and it will take good care of you. Now go summon your sister."When Harry went to call Rose, he found her and McGonagall having an animated conversation about how wands work differently for different witches."Mr. Potter, I take it that right there is your new wand?""Yes, Professor. It took quite a bit of time to find the right match," Harry grinned happily, enjoying the recognition that he was truly unique."What is it like, Harry?" Rose asked curiously, seeing how happy her brother looked. She didn't see McGonagall frowning at the question, and neither did Harry."Ebony with Horned Serpent horn core, eight-and-a-quarter inches," he said proudly."Horned Serpent horn?" McGonagall asked curiously, "I am unfamiliar with the material, but I thought the beast was extinct here in Europe. It is quite more common in North America, I believe.""Mr. Ollivander said it paired well with Parselmouths," Harry said in a low voice, after checking to see that no one was around him."Of course he figured it out," McGonagall sighed warily, "I wouldn't fear it if I were you, Mr. Potter. Ollivander is not one to divulge secrets easily, particularly from such a unique wand."Harry nodded, feeling calmer that his lack of control over his reactions wouldn't come back to haunt him."For future reference, Miss Potter, avoid asking the composition of wands from people in the future unless you are very close with them. It is a very personal question in the Magical World."Rose blushed and nodded her consent quickly, and went with McGonagall to find herself a wand. Harry perused the shop lazily, occasionally swishing his new wand as if in a duel, and sometimes stopped to admire it. He was no longer filled with the sense of overwhelming wonder he had felt when he first waved it, but there was a constant purr of satisfaction emanating from within him whenever he had it in hand.He would swing by the counter to see an increasingly large pile of wands around Rose, and noticed quickly that she was being a much more difficult client than even he was. He also paid attention to the snippets of comments Mr. Ollivander would make as he surmised Rose's personality from the wand's reactions, but it soon became apparent that even he was getting confused from the contradictory reactions from the wands. After a while, he stopped trying to explain his selections to Rose and simply started giving wands for her to try one after the other.After a long line of trial and errors that seemed to put Rose in the border of panic that she would never bond herself with a wand, Ollivander stopped with this merry-go-round of seemingly random wands and stared at Rose, stroking his chin gently."I wonder...," he said. After a moment's hesitation, he went to the back and returned with a single box. Blowing some of the dust from the box, he opened and revealed a beautiful light brown long wand and wordlessly offered it to Rose, that picked it up gingerly. Without even waving it, magic emanated from the wand and shook the store gently, soft light illuminating Rose greatly, and a soft thrill sounded distant. "Curious... very curious.""Sorry, sir," his sister said timidly. Even Harry was somewhat surprised at seeing the man's reaction, that was much more guarded than when he had figured out he was a Parselmouth, "what exactly is curious?""Well, Miss Potter, as I have said to you and your brother, I remember every single wand I have ever sold," Ollivander said calmly, enunciating every word clearly in a way that was wholly unlike what he seemed when talking before. It gave a wisened aura around his words that were matched by the intelligent and unblinking silvery eyes that were gazing into Rose's emerald green ones. "The phoenix whose feather resides in your wand has only given one other feather. It is curious that you are destined for this wand when that other feather was within the wand that gave you your scar."At this, Harry, Rose, and McGonagall startled. Rose looked like she wanted to throw the wand in a fire at the thought, but Ollivander prevented her from doing so as he spoke his next words. "The wand chooses the wizard, Miss Potter. It is not always clear why. What is clear is that we can expect great things from you and your brother alike, with such unique wands. After all, You-Know-Who did great things. Terrible things, yes, but great all the same."It was a much more subdued group that exited the shop, 14 galleons poorer. Harry was reconsidering his decision to get a snake pet now that he had heard about Rose's wand but quickly decided that doing so would make her feel even worse. She would notice immediately and blame herself for it. No, he had to reaffirm to her that she was not a bad person just because of her wand's connection to their parent's murderer.Grasping her hand firmly to reassure her, he led them both into Flourish and Blotts, and Harry was amused by how much more comfortable Rose immediately appeared at the sight of books. His amusement died quickly when he realized that might be because she had no friends to speak to and couldn't leave the house. He sighed and cursed the Dursley's again in his mind."To save ourselves some time, Mr. Potter, I will be getting you both two standard sets of First Year schoolbooks, and you can explore the shop for a bit with your sister."Harry nodded and went to explore the shop a bit. He was thankful that the shop had various signs he could follow, or he would quickly lose himself in the mountains and mountains of books that covered the entire shop wall to wall in a labyrinthic pattern of bookshelves. Harry briefly considered that the inside of Flourish and Blotts was rather like Ollivanders, but with books instead of wands.Following a hand that pointed at Wizarding Customs & Laws, Harry figured he should start with the subjects pointed by the goblin teller and find something on the Wizengamot. He noticed rather quickly that while there was a comprehensive collection of legal books and a huge amount of books on the legal border between Wizarding Britain and Muggle Britain, there were few books on the Wizengamot. Harry couldn't help but suspect that this was purposeful. Nonetheless, after a great deal of looking, he found A History of England's Witenagemots, which detailed the local congregations of important local men to decide on issues of the area that was common in England before the Norman Conquest but that continued in Magical Britain. Near it was a manual on Nature's Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy, which listed all Noble families. Sure enough, under the section of Ancient and Noble families, was listed the Potter name, but it had remarkably little information compared to other families in the same section. Harry frowned but took the book all the same.Passing through History, and noticing that there were zero books on non-magical history, Harry quickly grabbed Modern Magical History, Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts, all of which were presented with a great deal of aplomb, as well as the more discreetly located Hogwarts: A History and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. Harry had always liked history in the orphanage and frequently thought about how great figures in history would behave when confronted with some of his day-to-day challenges. It was somewhat silly to think about how Napoleon would choose between toast or pancakes, but after his powers began to show, it wasn't that futile an exercise anymore. He figured that there was more he could learn from Magical history about how to conduct himself in certain scenarios.He decided to check his luck for any ascendants on the Biographies section of the library. After checking with a clerk, he was informed that a charmed parchment would highlight every book for whatever name he wrote. Carefully writing the name Potter, he was dismayed that almost no books shone in the section. He grabbed a book on a man called Linfred of Stinchcombe and another one full of children's stories called The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Harry would have dismissed the book if it hadn't glowed black in the shelf, as opposed to light silver color that appeared in every other book mentioning a Potter. As he went to put the book in his basket, he noticed absent-mindedly that some of the books he had already separated were glowing too.When he turned, he was confronted with a veritable sun of silver light from one of the sections, and as he approached he noticed angrily that it was covered entirely on books about Rose's life and adventures. He felt some of the magical energy in his body start to flow out of his control and he read the titles and noticed how Magical Britain thought she lived a charmed life riding dragons and battling monsters successfully. He was brought out of his musing by a soft and harmonic hiss coming from his wand, and his magic instantly was sucked back into his body as several shopgoers were watching him suspiciously. McGonagall was approaching him with a worried expression carrying two shrunken packages with the Hogwarts crest printed on. When he saw what he was facing, she sighed and looked sadly at him."That explains why I felt your magic bursting out around here.""You felt my magic?""I did, Mr. Potter. Your magic is very... distinctive," the Professor said, before smiling a sad smile whilst facing the books on his sister. "I am afraid that Rose will suffer greatly from misguided expectations, but it will be a challenge I am sure she will traverse successfully, I'm sure. I do not think I need to tell you this, but be there for her, Harry. She will need a lot of help in the coming months."Harry nodded in agreement. If these books were as popular as they seemed to be, every child would grow up looking up to her in a completely unhealthy way. It was almost like she was a religious figure."Let's go find Rose and leave. I don't want her to see all of this," Harry said more firmly than he felt. Confronting Magical Britain's expectations of her would be an inevitable part of Rose's life, but it was something he was not prepared to do just yet.McGonagall just nodded and after a beat of silence asked. "Do you think a snake would be well received at the orphanage?""No, I think Esther would flip the hell out," Harry winced before sighing. "Damn, I was looking forward to it too.""Well," McGonagall said slowly, "if you can figure something out for your summers, I can accompany you the day before embarking on the Hogwarts Express and so long as you are quick, we can get you a snake.""Thank you," Harry said, stunned, "but why are you doing this?""To be honest, Mr. Potter, as irritating as you and your sister can be," she said firmly but with a small quirk of her lips betraying her amusement, "you remind me far too much of your parents, and I miss them both terribly. This is a small way I can honor them as your sister did with her cauldron choice. I suggest you find your way to do the same."Harry nodded, feeling a bit choked up at being compared to his parents and not trusting his voice entirely.When they finally reached Rose, she was happily taking books from the Potions section."The only chores I like to do in Privet Drive are cooking and gardening, so I picked up a bunch of books on Herbology, and Potions seems a lot like cooking but with magic in it," she explained excitedly when Harry asked. He laughed softly and explained his own choices, and when he mentioned the two books he had picked up from near the Biographies section, she got wide-eyed and ran to get them both."I didn't even think about seeing if there was stuff about our family here," she admitted sheepishly when she finally returned."Professor, how come our family is so well-known, but there are so few books about us?" Harry asked, after a moment's contemplation."Ah, I'm sorry, Mr. Potter," McGonagall said somewhat apologetically, "Noble families like yours are generally quite reserved, and they always have a magical family book in your primary residence that records every relevant fact about the family members automatically, so there is no need for them to publish a family history.""And this amazing book wouldn't happen to be behind that manor the teller mentioned I can't visit until I'm 17, would it?""I'm afraid it is.""Wonderful," he grouched, before sighing, "well, whatever. We'll deal with it the best way we can." Rose nodded by his side and hugged him supportively."I will take both of you home, now," McGonagall said after they paid for the books and had them shrunk into neat pocket-sized packages."Wait, isn't Harry getting a snake?" Rose asked confusedly, before turning angrily to the older woman. "This is your way of punishing Harry for being a Parselmouth, isn't it?""Calm down, Rose," Harry said calmly from behind her as his sister stepped between him and McGonagall and opened her arms protectively, but he was secretly elated that his twin felt so strongly about him. "I'll be getting my snake another day, it's just getting a bit late today.""Oh," she responded weakly, slowly putting her arms down and blushing a bit as she looked at a rather miffed McGonagall, "I am really sorry, ma'am.""Don't do it again, Miss Potter," she answered cooly. Rose just nodded frantically, still blushing in embarrassment. The Professor sighed and rubbed her temples. "Let's just go already."

Chapter Four - Monty, the PythonSummary: Harry Potter was raised in an orphanage, aware but confused about his magical powers. Near his eleventh birthday, he discovers he has a twin sister raised by abusive relatives for reasons he does not understand. Yearning for a family, he delves into a messy and violent Magical Britain that is yet to shrug off the effect of the latest blood war.Serpentine Advice: If you enjoy this story, please consider reading my other main story, Serpentine Advice, which covers a Harry Potter discovering and learning from a portrait of Salazar Slytherin in the Chamber of Secrets.Note: I am aware that canonically, Harry's grandparents from his father's side are Euphemia and Fleamont, but I do enjoy the fanon favorites Charlus and Dorea greatly. However, do not expect Charlus to have yielded the power of a Grand Coalition that dominated politics as in some stories. He will be a formidable warrior and an important figure in the Potter family and a celebrated hero, but very little beyond that. In case you have not noticed, I am firmly putting Harry's family in the middle of the pack amongst the Wizengamot.Harry was seated on his chair in his room at the orphanage, lightly tracing a diagram with names and dates on parchment, trying to understand the connections he was reading from the three or fours books open in front of him when a soft noise broke his concentration, making him drop his quill in surprise. After quickly ensuring that the dropped quill hadn't made a mess of his parchment, as he was still getting the hang of this new and strange set of writing implements, he turned to the window to see the familiar sight of his sister's owl staring at him with a letter rolled up and tied against her leg. Opening up the window and retrieving some owl treats Rose had given him to give to the owl, he sat down on his bed and watched amusedly as the white bird beaked the treats softly, barely sparing him a second glance. He knew that the bird was rather fond of him, in large part because whenever she arrived during the morning he would share his breakfast with him, but now, every time the bird appeared and saw him without an appropriate tax in the form of bacon rinds, she indignantly refused to look at him for at least a couple of minutes.He gingerly retrieved the letter and quickly recognized the misshapen and wobbly handwriting from his sister, who was struggling a lot more than he was with the quill and parchment. Still, she was improving. The first few letters were barely legible.Harry had expressed concern to Rose that her owl might get tired from all the frequent flying, considering they were trading letters daily, sometimes with more than one letter on the same day. Still, she had reassured him that she was more than happy to fly, and the trip between her home in Surrey and the orphanage in West London was short enough that she still had plenty of time to be a happy owl between journeys.Hey Harry!How are things going for you at the orphanage? I hope my owl found you well. I named her Hedwig, and she seems to like the name. Has McGonagall taken you out to get you your snake yet? I hope she has, I'm excited to meet a new friend, and snakes have always been very kind to me.Things are good here at the Dursley's. They've been cowed by whatever McGonagall said to them, so I don't have to watch my back around them anymore. I was moved into a more comfortable room and I'm more or less ignored, so I normally eat and read in my room alone. The only one that had tried anything has been Dudley, but Aunt Petunia caught him and snapped at him for the first time I've ever since. I'm pretty sure Dudley wasn't expecting that either given his reaction.I've been enjoying reading the school material but thinking about Transfiguration makes my head hurt. I just don't get how you can make a desk into a pig. You're going to have to help me with that one. Potions seem very interesting, though, so I'm reading ahead on that one. Did you know that there's a love potion? That sounds horrifying, can you imagine? It's not even illegal to use on a Muggle-born! I don't get Magical Britain sometimes. What's your favorite subject so far? I do hope you're also reading your book, I don't want to be left behind all the other students when we finally go to Hogwarts. I'm very excited to see you again!Love, your sister,Rose.By the time Harry had finished the letter, the newly-minted Hedwig was staring at him expectantly and somewhat impatiently."Did Rose ask you to wait for my answer, Hedwig?" Harry asked calmly, brushing his fingers against the owl's soft plumage. She seemed sufficiently pleased with the show of affection because she barked happily, nodded a bit, and preened proudly when hearing her name, making Harry chuckle softly. Sometimes it seemed like Hedwig understood him better than most people could. He couldn't even imagine how much closer the bird was to Rose if she was already so affectionate with him. "Why don't you go hunting or rest for a bit? When you get back I'll have a letter for you to take to her, alright?"The bird pecked his fingers carefully in response and flew off, seemingly deciding to hunt herself a tasty rat. There were quite a few rats around the orphanage despite Esther's best efforts to contain their entrance into the building proper, so owls were not a strange sight around the place, but a snowy owl flying about during the day certainly would call attention to itself. Harry frowned in concern for a bit before deciding to allow Hedwig to make her own risk assessments. The bird was intelligent enough to handle herself.Harry's only connections to the outside world were now Esther and Rose. He had entered into a self-imposed exile after noticing that meeting his sister and getting to know Magical Britain had completely knocked his emotional control out of whack, and he didn't fancy starting a body count because of accidental magic at age eleven. Esther seemed amenable to his isolation and occasionally appeared in his room to talk or share a meal with the boy. Their relationship still wasn't what it used to be, but it was recovering slightly.He had noticed that the letters were also the quickest way for him to calm down if for some reason his anger started to manifest itself. Focusing on her words became easier and easier, to the point he now didn't even have to take one of her letters into his hands to remember every single she had written to him during the week since they met in Diagon Alley. Strangely, at least to his mind, he couldn't extend this technique to anything else, only to his sister's letters. He had concluded that whatever it was that he was doing was tied to the strong connection he felt with anything to do with Rose, but the fact his memory had selectively improved only in regards to her letters and that his rein over his emotions hinged on them as well bothered him slightly. He should have been able to extend whatever technique he had accidentally discovered to other parts of his life, but only the letters remained a viable option for the strange trance he entered into when trying to control his temper.Closing his eyes and entering his trance, he noticed that he could already remember every single word Rose had written in this last letter after only a few minutes of concentration, and he could still reliably glance backward to see every single other letter in its completion. He considered the letter quickly.In truth, he hadn't yet read much of the textbooks for First-Year students. He had spent most of his free time reading his History books to try to find a connection with which he could determine anything about the Potter family and had slowly developed the maddeningly and still growing web of entangled parchments in front of him."If anyone gets in here, they'll think I'm even more of a madman than they already think I am," Harry muttered to himself. For once, he couldn't blame them. His writing was desperate, full of arrows pointing to other pages and hastily drawn family trees sprouting in the middle of paragraphs.It was so frustrating.All of the books he had bought also couldn't agree on what had happened with Rose Potter in Halloween, 1981. Just about the only thing that was consistent across all books was that the Potter parents were killed and Rose survived Voldemort's - that was the self-proclaimed moniker for the Dark Wizard people kept calling You-Know-Who, he had discovered - Killing Curse, that somehow bounced back and vanquished him. The books didn't even agree on whether the man was dead or not.Harry went unmentioned in all the books he bought, but that didn't bother him as much as he thought it would.He quickly realized that lack of consistency was something of a tradition in Wizarding literature, at least when it came to the History of Magic. All three of the History books that were featured prominently were written in a way that signaled that their contents were the universally acknowledged truth, but they all disagreed with one another.The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts read like anti-Dark propaganda, and while Harry certainly didn't sympathize with the man that killed his parents or his followers, he was not a believer in dichotomic morality and doubted that the seemingly airtight connection between the Dark faction and capital-E Evil the book repeatedly implied was anything but nonsense. Part of that suspicion was because the Light faction was supposedly led by Albus Dumbledore, who Harry knew for a fact was not capital-G Good in any way. As far as he knew, the man was the 1b to Voldemort's 1a in terms of bringing misery to his family for what he did to Rose alone.On the other hand, Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century was dry without being interesting, and told a rather lazy recounting of the war in which his parents both died, focusing on a previous conflict with a Dark Wizard named Grindelwald whom Dumbledore defeated to attain his current level of respect and political power. Harry had at least noticed that his grandfather, a named called Charlus Potter, was mentioned as an important wizard in the war against Grindelwald, but nothing more than a quick retelling of his admittedly impressive military record and long but much less impressive political career in the Wizengamot was written.Modern Magical History was rather reader-friendly but it was also smaller, despite it covering a larger timeframe than either of the other two books, making it a great introductory book but not a good reference guide as Harry sought out.Harry began tentatively using Hogwarts: a History, a massive and comprehensive tome on the history of the school that was unbelievably dense and dry, to crossreference events with the other books, but was disappointed to find out that the school seemed somewhat insulated from Magical Britain at large, let alone the rest of the Wizarding World, of which very little information was printed in any books. Either Magical Britain was insulated from the rest of the planet, or this omission was deliberate. Harry suspected the latter.But by far, the book that had been frustrating him the most was The Tales of Beedle the Bard. The problem with the book was that there was not a single problem with it. It was a perfectly fine piece of literature, but it was also clearly meant to just a bunch of children's stories. Every time he tried to dismiss it as unimportant, that ominous black light that shone in the bookstore came back to remind him that something was amiss.One of the stories was different from the rest. Granted, they were all markedly more morbid than the stories he had grown up with, but he also knew that the more recent Disney were just retellings from older originals, so the original Muggle stories might have been equally as bleak. Still, Babbity Rabbity and Her Cackling Stump was just like he thought a normal Wizarding fairy tale might be, even complete with some prejudice against Muggles; The Fountain of Fair Fortune was a good and entertaining cautionary tale, as well as his favorite story from the book; The Warlock's Hairy Heart was quite grim but also could be just a child's story if you squinted at it hard enough.While The Wizard and the Hopping Pot was just as reasonable a child's story like the one about the fountain, there were just enough suggestions that the wizard mentioned in the story was Linfred of Stinchcombe, whose biography strongly suggested was the founder of the Potter family, for Harry to consider that maybe that story was why the book had been highlighted by the charm on Flourish and Blotts.But that wouldn't explain the black light, and it was the last story that truly made him suspicious. The Tale of Three Brothers was too unlike the other stories. It was brutal, which would fit the bill for a cautionary tale, but it also went into far too much detail regarding the older brother's wand and the middle's brother magical stone, leaving out almost everything from the youngest's invisibility cloak, exactly what would have happened if the cloak had passed through the man's son and kept passing through the generations consecutively to the present day. But it was the black light that called to his attention. A story about death would shine in black light, wouldn't it?But what was the connection between the Potter family and this story? He had looked for the Potter family in Nature's Nobility and had found no instances of a trio of brothers anywhere in their family line, and considering the rather gruesome deaths the book had given to the two older siblings, he figured that such an incident would be at least described in passing.A couple of pages before the Potter family he had found his prime suspect, the Peverell family, who did have a trio of brothers, the first of which died without having children, the second of which died young but with a son that eventually was absorbed into an unnamed family, and the other having died of exceptionally old age after having a son who himself had a daughter and made the family line extinct in the male line, which supposedly was good enough for the author to never mention them again. Harry could guess that somehow that daughter had some connection to the Potter family, maybe one of her descendants had married into it or something, but there was no mention of any Peverells in the Potter section of the book, so it must be a distant connection.But again, why the black light?He sighed and rubbed his eyes tiredly. He should listen to his sister's advice and read on school material. Whatever information he wanted to know about his family was not in these books. He shook himself off and went to write his letter to Rose.Rose Potter was happy. It was an odd feeling, being happy at Privet Drive. It seemed contradictory. Like the world was about to collapse unto itself in confusion at the sheer impossibility of that fact.But she was happy. Before, being locked up in a room with only books and no physical contact with the outside world would be a feature of her darkest nightmares, remembering the nights locked up in the cupboard with barely anything to eat.But now it was wonderful. The room she was in wasn't a tight cupboard, but a fairly-sized bedroom, which while lacking in comfort, was leaps and bounds above anything she had experienced before in her life. She wasn't locked against her will and could leave whenever she wanted, she simply had no desire to do so. The books that she had at her disposal weren't the old storybooks that Dudley had rejected and she had already read dozens of times, but books about magic.And there were Harry's letters, which were the best part of all her days.Even though they were identical twins, Harry was a lot more like an older brother to Rose. Even in his letters, he seemed a lot more serious than her, and their visit together to Diagon Alley had clearly shown how fiercely protective he could be, which was endearing. Receiving a letter from him could always pull her back from when her mind went back to the time spent in the cupboard or being beat by Uncle Vernon. It was a small show of affection that made her believe ever so slightly that still wasn't a cruel joke from the Universe, that she had a family member that loved her deeply and cared a lot about her.With every passing day, Rose Potter could become the person she wanted to be, and leave behind the shy and beaten girl the Dursley's had created. It would take time, but she was confident that Harry would be there for her.Coincidentally, as she reached this fortuitous conclusion, Hedwig arrived at burst through the open window carrying Harry's letter."Hey, Hedwig!" Rose said animatedly to the bird, who seemed to glow with pride at her new name. The eleven-year-old smiled. Reading A History of Magic was almost intolerably boring, but there it had been, the perfect name for the perfect owl. "Did Harry treat you well?"The bird acquiesced with a soft hoot. Rose had no idea how she was able to understand Hedwig so well and vice-versa, but she knew that Harry did treat her well. He always did."I'm very glad. You should sleep now, you've been away for a while." Hedwig protested slightly with some forceful beaks but still went to rest on her favorite tree after Rose untangled the letter from Harry from her leg.Rose was somewhat envious of how well Harry had acquitted himself with quill and parchment. For her, the entire notion of writing in quills was just too insane to consider normal. Honestly, what was wrong with pen and paper?Rose,I'm doing well! Hedwig seemed to like her name, so I think you've chosen well. McGonagall hasn't come, and I think she'll only come much closer to the beginning of September. I'll see if I can convince her to take you to the trip when we get my snake, and then you'll get to it name it too! What do you think?I'm glad the Dursley's are treating you better. Sometimes the best we can hope for with some people is that they ignore you, but I swear I'll do the best I can to take you away from that place, no matter what Dumbledore says. You're my sister and siblings should live together.I haven't read any of the school books yet, because I'm mostly focused on trying to figure out things about our family. I figured out that we weren't notable in the Wizengamot, except for our grandfather Charlus, who gained some fame during a war with a Dark Wizard called Grindelwald that seemed to overlap with the Second World War. Other than that, I uncovered very little. The Potters have a reputation as very secretive, so a lot of what I've read contradicts other sources. Just about the only consistent things about our family is that it was founded in the 12th Century by a potioneer called Linfred of Stinchcombe and a few things about our grandfather and father. I think you bought a book on Linfred too, so unless you want to read about the man, there's very little there about our family, so don't bother reading it. I think it's time for me to read the school material. I don't think I'll figure anything out with these books. Ollivander said that my wand wood was good for Transfiguration, so I'll help you where I can, as long as you help me with Potions. I'm not confident at all with Potions, but I want to do well because it seems to be a tradition with our family. Also, dear God, there's a love potion?! That's mental! Between that and how Gringotts employees have a wizard murder fetish, I don't know what to think about Wizarding Britain sometimes.Transfiguration and Defense Against the Dark Arts seem brilliant. When I think about magic, I think about videogames and movies, so turning desks into pigs sounds awesome. I have a feeling we will have to defend ourselves a lot in Magical Britain, so Defense Against the Dark Arts sounds very useful.Take good care of yourself and I'll see you soon,Love, Harry.Rose felt slightly guilty that in her elation about figuring out magic she had again forgotten about researching her family. It was odd because until very recently knowing more about her family was her one wish in life. To be fair, she was still very curious about her parents and now this grandparent that Harry had mentioned, but her desperate need for knowledge about her family was somewhat put in the back burner because of Harry. She had a family now, even if it wasn't a mother or a father. She figured that the best way to connect with her parents was to love her brother and to be the best witch she could be.McGonagall had told her while Harry was getting his wand in Ollivander's that Lily Potter was one of the smartest women she had ever met, and that James Potter was the best Transfiguration student the school had in decades. It upset her enormously that the subject didn't make much sense to her at the moment, but she did feel close to her mother every time she could understand the workings of a potion.She would never wear the Lady Potter ring, but she would honor that ring as best as she could. If that took being the best witch Hogwarts had ever seen, or if that took being the best sister that has ever existed, that was what she would do.Rose eyed the book Linfred of Stinchcombe she had bought, thinking about Harry's words. Ultimately, she threw it away and picked up the Transfiguration book again.The day before the Hogwarts Express, Harry couldn't help but fidget as he waited with Esther for McGonagall and Rose to arrive at the orphanage. After a couple of letters, he had finally convinced the Professor to take Rose with them to Magical Menagerie for him to get his snake, and the following morning they would be leaving the orphanage together to go to Hogwarts. Supposedly, Dumbledore was not going to be in Hogwarts until just before the Welcoming Feast to take care of some business with a friend, so he wouldn't be aware of Rose's temporary departure from Privet Drive. For extracting and sharing that tidbit of information, Harry firmly decided to put McGonagall into the can be trusted category of his mental contact list, with only Rose and Esther for company.A loud crack announced their arrival and Harry instantly leaped to his feet and went to greet his sister after almost a month since he had last seen her. He heard her before he saw her, with a great joyous yell of "Harry!"When he turned in the direction of the sound, he was instantly enveloped by a fierce hug. He laughed lightly and hugged Rose back, taking in her presence with closed eyes and a wide smile. When they finally let go of one another, they were both teary-eyed and deliriously happy."I missed you so much," she said, breaking into an embarrassed smile."I missed you too, Rose," he admitted, looking fondly at the girl. They stayed in silence looking at each other, mutually reassuring themselves that this was happening."Hello to you too, Mr. Potter," McGonagall said dryly but with no small measure of amusement from behind Rose, making both siblings jump a bit in shock."Ah, hey there Professor," he said, blushing slightly and rubbing his neck before offering her a sincere smile, "it's very good to see you.""It's good to see you too. Let's go to your room and leave Rose's things in there before we go to Diagon Alley. Just remember that today you really can't take a long time to decide on your pet because I have duties to attend to in Albus's absence.""Speaking of which, did he give you a lot of trouble about Rose?" Harry asked concernedly, knowing that the woman was going out on a limb for the both of them."Not particularly," she frowned, "he explained some of his actions and those he did not explain he dismissed as something that was between him and Miss Potter.""Were his explanations sufficient?" Harry asked, more curiously than angrily. He was too distrustful of the man to even respect his reasoning, but he did respect McGonagall's judgment of the man."That is not my judgment to make, Mr. Potter. That would have to be decided between you three. The only point that I did insist on knowing more was the marriage contract, but he said it wasn't a contract at all and that he would never try to manufacture a relationship," she mentioned before speaking in a softer tone, "to be honest, I think the business about the marriage contract was completely unlike Albus. I don't understand what else the thing could be if the goblins called it a marriage contract, but I would urge you to listen to him before declaring war on the man.""He did far too much against Rose and me for me to respect him, Professor," Harry responded strongly, slightly frustrated at how evasive McGonagall was being. It was unlike her to be so skittish. He briefly revisited his notes on the History of Magic books he had read in the previous month to see what could be causing that behavior. "Professor, are you under an oath not to tell us more?""You are really like your mother, Mr. Potter," the Professor smiled softly, "yes, I am.""Did he force you to take this oath, Professor?" Rose asked, frowning in distaste. She was slightly reassured by McGonagall's words on Dumbledore, but the thought of this oath made him seem quite suspicious again."Oaths taken under duress aren't magically binding, Rose," Harry explained, still eyeing the Professor nervously, now more curious than ever about what Dumbledore had said. "If what I read in my books is correct, he probably made you take the oath not to reveal what he was going to say before he answered, right?""You are once again correct, Mr. Potter," McGonagall nodded tightly before adding, "and I commend you on reading so far ahead already."Harry would be pleased by the compliment under normal circumstances, but now his mind was completely taken by this Dumbledore question. The woman was asking for him to listen to a man he thought didn't deserve any respect for what he did to his family, but he had also decided to trust the Professor."Do you regret taking the oath, Professor?" Harry asked softly."I do not," she said, pleased with his line of thinking. "Mr. Potter, I don't think that Albus Dumbledore is an evil man, even though in your position I would likely think so. He has severely overstepped in the case of your family, and he needs to readjust how he deals with both of you, but I do not believe he means you ill.""The road to hell is paved with good intentions, Professor," Harry responded, still sufficiently wary of the man to not immediately heed McGonagall's words. He shared a glance with Rose, that looked as apprehensive as he felt, but gave him a small nod. He turned back to the Professor. "Alright, we'll give him a chance. But there's no way in hell that he's going to get Rose alone in a room without me.""He might not be very receptive about that, Mr. Potter," McGonagall warned."He can deal with it," Rose affirmed firmly, "there's nothing he can tell me that I won't tell Harry."Harry smiled gratefully to his sister. "Likewise. I don't keep secrets from family.""Well, I wish you both luck. For the moment, we have a lot to do, so let's get Miss Potter's belongings in your room."The children nodded and turned back to see Esther frozen and pale leaning against the doorframe, trembling slightly. Harry frowned in concern, knowing that the woman was tough enough to brave through anything, and wondered what had rattled her so strongly.Rose stepped forward and before Harry could stop her, addressed the older woman."Are you Mrs. Ross?" Rose asked innocently."Call me Esther, Miss Potter, but yes, I am Mrs. Ross," the older woman replied with a mirthless laugh as her eyes had gotten teary. Suddenly Harry understood, and some guilt filtered through his initial anger. He knew that the woman was not to blame for their separation and had still given her grief about it for weeks. It had not occurred to him before then that having to watch a child suffer from loneliness while knowing he had a twin whose existence she could not divulge must have been very taxing on the woman, particularly given the relative closeness they shared in the past."Oh, you're Esther," Rose said awkwardly, before taking a second to analyze the woman, who was squirming a bit under her gaze. Harry would have laughed at the role reversal if he wasn't feeling awfully tense at the moment. "Harry mentioned you often in his letters, but never by your family name. He was very angry at you for a while about not telling him about me.""Trust me, Miss Potter, I was more than angry enough at myself for both of us," the woman admitted with an ashamed expression and a slight grimace. Harry felt his chest clench a bit. Esther had been the closest thing he had had to a family before Rose came along and seeing her so obviously uncomfortable still upset him. That he had helped make the woman feel as badly as she had felt the previous month did not help his conscience."I imagine you would be," Rose agreed before cocking her head slightly, "but you seem to have taken good care of Harry, and I know that his life could have been a lot worse if you hadn't. So I'm not angry with you.""You're not?" Esther asked weakly. Harry also was a bit surprised. He had noticed that his sister was significantly more even-tempered than he was about their separation, likely because she was too happy to have found a family member that loved her to be angry, but he expected at least some lingering resentment."Don't get me wrong, I am very angry and hurt that I grew up away from Harry," Rose stated clearly, her eyes glowing a bit, the same as Harry's own whenever he got angry. He finally understood why some people were unsettled by his gaze. "But I understand that the separation wasn't your fault. So please, call me Rose, and thanks for taking care of my brother for so long.""Thank you, Rose," Esther responded in an emotional tone, before wiping her eyes with her sleeves. No matter how emotional she would get, there's no way the older woman was going to cry in front of her charge. "And if for some reason you manage to get away from your relatives, please know that you are always welcome here.""I will remember that, Esther," his sister smiled and hugged the older woman softly, which seemed to surprise her briefly before she returned the hug gingerly."Alright then, let's get you all to your rooms quickly. No one will give you any trouble with me around, so don't worry about the other kids." Rose nodded. Harry knew that he was going to be lambasted by the teenagers for having a sister who had not gone to the orphanage with him, but he would have an entire year at Hogwarts before he would have to deal with that.They arrived in his room after a short walk made in silence, with Harry tensely looking around to see if he would find a hostile face (he didn't) and Rose merely taking in the place where her brother had grown up. She thought it odd, particularly in comparison with the home she was raised in. The Dursley's were abusive, but they were very good at home-building whenever she wasn't involved. The orphanage wasn't cold, but it didn't look like a home. There were academic or sports competitions trophies on glass casings that gave the large rooms some personality, but most corridors and rooms they passed by were impersonal, and she thought sadly that no one lived there permanently to give the place their personal touches. She was beside herself with guilt for being previously thankful that a wizard was keeping Harry away from an adoptive family and was forcefully reminded that Harry's life might have been less violent than her own, but it had been just as lonely."Right, I have shrunk every one of Miss Potter's belongings to travel here, but because you are going to need some things for the train journey, I am going to unshrink them now. Tomorrow, you'll have to fit all of this into a car, Esther, do you think you can do it?""That's not a problem," the matron dismissed with a wave of her hand, "we have a van to take the kids to and from local football games that I can take to King's Cross with no issue."McGonagall merely nodded, took out her wand, and pushed some magic to unshrink every single package into a neat little pile of trunks that Rose calmly opened to check. Present was also Hedwig's golden cage, but that was empty."Rose, where's Hedwig?""Oh, I sent her to Hogwarts already. Professor McGonagall suggested that it might be better not to take an owl in a cage to King's Cross, people would find it very odd," Rose said before addressing the aforementioned professor, "actually, can you shrink just the cage? I don't fancy swinging it about empty and I can ask any teacher at Hogwarts to unshrink it for me."After the Professor did so, they all left quickly to the street to apparate away to Diagon Alley. Harry noticed gladly that he wasn't so affected this time. Of course, he was still nursing his coccyx after a rather nasty fall while Rose merely landed gracefully on her feet, but it was better than almost throwing up his lungs."How come you're so good at this?" He grumbled good-naturedly when she offered a helping hand to get up."I have grace, Mr. Potter," Rose responded in a rough brogue mimicking in a low tone a Professor McGonagall that was rocketing ahead of them."Want to try that impression closer to her?" Harry deadpanned in response."Are you mad? Of course not."Harry laughed softly and pushed his sister gently as she ran off to follow the woman more closely. Rolling his eyes at his sister's eagerness, he ran after her too, and they soon started an animated conversation, albeit one that was slightly limited by how Rose was forced to walk looking at her shoes to avoid recognition from other wizards and witches.Soon they reached Magical Menagerie, and as McGonagall distracted woman with idle conversation, having the good sense to know that the children were going to be talking to snakes and being well aware that would not go well with anyone.The two siblings went through all the crups, cats, and rats in the store and at the very back were met with various glass displays showing different kinds of snakes, advertised either as guards against rats or as good sources for Potions ingredients. Harry frowned at that last sentence but said nothing else. He made a silent agreement not to reveal their Parseltongue before at least listening to the snakes.They regretted it almost immediately."Some stupid humans are looking at us again," one of the smaller snakes hissed tiredly, barely moving its head to acknowledge their existence before curling back into itself, "I can't deal with humans anymore. Monty, can you scare them off?""My name is not Monty," responded angrily a rather large brown and dark orange snake with an angular face and small orange eyes that almost blended into its skin."The sign right there disagrees with you, Monty," the first snake snickered, which was tremendously unsettling as it kept shaking as it did so."That's just because a stupid human likes television and thought it'd be funny," the larger snake responded. Harry noticed that 'Monty' was listed as a 'Python' and had to bite his lip to keep himself from laughing. Rose was just confused. "If you don't shut up, I am going to bite you.""Good luck getting through the glass, Monty."Monty, the Python, struck violently against the glass, but could not even shake it much. The smaller snake began cackling oddly at its disgruntled larger cousin, and all the impact did was alert the other snakes to the two siblings watching them carefully."Will you two cut it out? You're ruining this for the rest of us," said a medium-sized adder, that quickly straightened itself as if presenting itself for Harry and Rose."Ruining what? Do you think someone will choose a common adder in a store that sells magical animals? If someone wants to get a common adder they go to the backyard and feed it a rat," a rather striking blue and purple cobra spoke haughtily, looking down at the smaller common adder."You say that like you're a basilisk," the adder scoffed, forgetting the two siblings in favor of its ongoing argument."I am not magical, but I am a cobra. I am powerful and magnificent. You don't even have venom," the cobra snarked back."Lots of wizards live near Muggle areas and might need a conspicuous guardian against rodents," the adder said matter-of-factly."Of course, Serpico, that's what these two children are going for, home-improvement," the cobra hissed and then shook his head and went back to rest.The adder kept looking at both of them hopefully, and other snakes seemed to either grumble or excitedly talk with one another about their plans after being freed from the store."Will you shut up about the damn stupid humans? They can't hear you, and it doesn't matter who they pick," the first snake complained loudly, calling attention to itself."Oh, I wouldn't say that," Harry said, trying to be as dramatic as possible. He watched amused as every single serpent suddenly stopped their hissings and watched him completely shocked."I agree, though you are quite a lot ruder than most snakes I've had the privilege to meet," Rose added casually, making all the snakes face her instead.Soon enough, a veritable fountain of some vague variation "Speaker! Two Speakers! Blessed be this day!" emerged from the snakes. Harry was briefly amused but used Rose's animated conversation with the snakes to observe them more carefully. They all turned unfailingly polite and thoroughly enjoyed talking with his sister, and looked completely in love with both of them, except for one.Harry approached the silent snake and crouched down to analyze it carefully. The snake was beautiful, with bright red eyes on a black and white head and a completely black body covered in bright luminous scales. It looked to be a little under a meter long and was staring detachedly at Harry."Hello. Who are you?" The snake did not respond to Harry, merely continuing to stare silently and disinterestedly at him."She will not respond, Speaker," the cobra informed him respectfully but was showing annoyance at the smaller serpent."And why is that?" Harry asked, cocking an eyebrow."Because she is a selfish Ashwinder, who does not care to have the eggs of his hatchlings.""What do you mean?" Harry asked confusedly. He had never heard of an animal reluctance to reproduce before."Ashwinders die an hour after laying their eggs, but this one is too selfish to die an honorable death for her children, so she refuses to procreate, and because Ashwinder eggs are used for potions, no human would take her," the cobra explained patiently before sneering at the smaller snake, "she is a disgrace to us all."Harry frowned. He couldn't exactly fault the creature if it would die immediately after laying some eggs. That sounded tremendously cruel. And he could understand if she got reticent about humans, even towards a Parselmouth like him, if all their interest in the snake was about her eggs."I am not looking for an egg factory, I am looking for a potential familiar," Harry said kindly, looking at the Ashwinder. He knew the species was magical from the label below the snake's glass cage, which denoted that the species was considered a XXX class dangerous creature by the Ministry of Magic because their eggs exploded violently when uncared for, but knew nothing more about it.The snake hesitated for a bit before drawing herself properly and saying a soft voice, "do you promise not to force me to procreate, hatchling Speaker?""I do," Harry nodded solemnly."My brother is a good man, Ashwinder. He will not break a promise," Rose added with a great deal of gravitas. Harry wondered if she had more experience dealing with serpents than he had."In that case, I would be honored to be your familiar, Speaker," the snake said with a bow of her head. As soon as she said that, Harry felt a pull on his magic in the direction of the Ashwinder and he blinked slowly in shock and awe."I know that face," Rose said, smiling softly, "I make it all the time when I look at Hedwig.""That's what you feel?" Harry asked surprised. "It feels amazing.""I know, right?" She responded animatedly. "Why have you chosen her? Is it because she was an Ashwinder?""No," Harry shook his head, "she was the only one that did not immediately bow down to us simply because we were Parselmouths, and I respect her restraint."Rose nodded. She understood. Snakes had a bad case of hero-worship when they first talked to her too, and having a familiar that respected and spoke with you without thinking you were a god would be much better than having a mindless supporter. Just like her Hedwig.Rose went to get McGonagall while Harry kept talking happily with the Ashwinder, or whatever snake entered into the conversation. The snakes seemed much more pleased with the Ashwinder now that she had been chosen by a Speaker, even the previously hateful cobra, and the magical serpent seemed a little resentful at the sudden shift in opinion, but happy with it nonetheless.When the Professor arrived, she blanched in shock when she realized with what snake Harry was speaking the most."Mr. Potter," she said scandalized, "you are not taking an Ashwinder to a school full of children!""You can't stop him," Rose said quickly, "he already feels a magical pull with the snake, and separating them will be painful, like the man at the Emporium said it would happen with me and Hedwig.""A familiar bond does not happen instantly," McGonagall retorted, "and it's a dangerous animal! It's a XXX creature, for Merlin's sake.""It can begin to form instantly just like it did with me," Rose defended, "plus, Harry is a Parselmouth and can control the Ashwinder easily. It is only dangerous as much as Harry himself is dangerous.""But its eggs explode!" McGonagall hissed. "The school made a play using an Ashwinder egg as a prop in the 40s and it destroyed half the room! It was a miracle no one got injured gravely.""The Ashwinder has sworn off having eggs because it does not want to die," Rose promised, looking at Harry for confirmation, that was too busy staring in shock at how smoothly Rose had intervened in his behalf to do anything other than nod dumbly.After a few second of silent glaring, McGonagall walked close to Harry and pointed a finger right on his face, "Mr. Potter, if this snake causes any trouble at Hogwarts, I will be expelling you faster than you can count to three, and if it lays an egg anywhere in Scotland, I am going to call the Ministry and let you explain why you had an Ashwinder in your possession. Are we clear?"Harry nodded quickly, fully believing that McGonagall would do that and more."You are lucky that only a specialist can tell an Ashwinder apart from a common snake without setting in on fire, Mr. Potter," McGonagall said before sighing deeply and mumbling. "Oh, Morgana, what have I done to deserve the Potter family?"Harry and Rose just smiled.

Chapter Five - ExpressSummary: Harry Potter was raised in an orphanage, aware but confused about his magical powers. Near his eleventh birthday, he discovers he has a twin sister raised by abusive relatives for reasons he does not understand. Yearning for a family, he delves into a messy and violent Magical Britain that is yet to shrug off the effect of the latest blood war.Serpentine Advice: If you enjoy this story, please consider reading my other main story, Serpentine Advice, which covers a Harry Potter discovering and learning from a portrait of Salazar Slytherin in the Chamber of Secrets."Harry," Rose whispered looking at her brother. "I don't think we're going to sleep tonight.""Yeah, I don't think so either," he chuckled. "I'm too excited.""I was afraid it was just me," she admitted with a sad smile."Why would you think that?" Harry asked incredulously."I don't know," she shrugged without looking at him in the eye. "It just all seems so surreal sometimes. Like I'm going to wake up tomorrow at the Dursley's and this is all going to be a dream."Harry didn't say anything, and merely got up from his bed and sat down near his sister's head on the mattress. With a gentle push, he put her had on his thighs and caressed her hair lightly. He remembered that he had once done things like these to the other kids his age before his magic started to flair up and he was ostracized. She seemed very comfortable with the position but started to cry softly. The whole time, Harry didn't say anything, just focusing on stroking a delicate hand through her long black hair."Somehow, I have an easier time accepting that there's a magic world than the fact that I have a brother," she said with a choked voice. "This feels so wonderful that I'm afraid it's going to be taken away from me.""I'm not going anywhere, Rose," Harry said softly, gently kissing her forehead. "I promise you.""You can't say that," she denied shooking her head vigorously, "someone might take you away. What if Dumbledore tries to separate us in Hogwarts? What if something happens to you?" By the first question, she was already frantic, and as she finished the second question her fingers were hooking Harry's shirt and her face was hidden against his body, again tears leaking from her eyes. Harry also noticed that he was tearing up, but tried his best to keep his composure. Rose needed him."Let him try, Rose," Harry said evenly, with some magic bursting out of his body and embracing both twins, which prompted Rose's magic to more timidly leave her body as well. "We'll show him. Plus, if someone tries to do anything, I can always sic Rohanne on them."Rose laughed, as she had all day whenever the name of his new Ashwinder was mentioned. Harry thought the name was nonsensical, but she thought it was hilarious. Rohanne had approved it already, so he figured his hands were tied.The laughter brought her spirits up a bit, and she moved to sit down near Harry, lightly supporting her body against his."I need a family, Harry," she said with her eyes closed. "After meeting you and McGonagall and seeing Diagon, I don't think I can take being alone anymore.""I know what you mean," he admitted. "I don't think I can take being alone either.""It's like the most wonderful curse in the world," she muttered."What do you mean?""It's been amazing meeting you, but I don't think it's normal for us to grow so dependent so quickly, is it?" She asked, turning to face her twin. "I'm afraid that getting so dependent on you is going to hurt me eventually.""Well, we're orphans, Rose. We both grew up lonely. Then suddenly one day we discover that there's someone out there to keep you company. I think it'd be weird if we didn't get attached so quickly," he said quietly."I love you, Harry," Rose whispered. Harry froze. It had been the first time anyone had ever said that to him. He suspected that Esther might love him somewhat, but she had never said it to him. Suddenly a rush of emotion snuck up on him and before he could control himself, he was sobbing silently and it was Rose who was comforting him. "I love you so much and it's so scary because it never happened to me before.""I love you too, Rose," he managed to say in between quiet sobs. It was her time to start crying again. If he had never heard the three words before addressed to him, he was sure she had never heard them before. "I'm not going to let anything happen to you."They stayed crying and holding one another for some minutes before Rose composed herself and turned to face her brother. Harry was still struggling a bit but tried his best to meet her gaze."Hey, I read a thing on Dudley's storybooks about a pinky promise. Do you know how to do it?" She asked with an embarrassed tiny smile. Harry laughed a bit."Yeah, I do. Want to do one?" He asked, putting his pinky up high in the air. She hooked her finger around his and looked him the eye."Together forever?" She asked somewhat fearfully. Harry grinned and nodded, making her relax slightly."Together forever."The following day started animatedly, with both siblings shooting out from their somewhat conjoined sleeping positions after they both snoozed off sitting side by side as soon as the alarm ringed out.Still disoriented, they both dressed quickly and checked their trunks to see if they were forgetting anything. Harry made sure to fold all his notes about the Potter family and shove them into his trunk near the top so he could review them once he reached Hogwarts. Rose put her books on the very top of her trunk so she could read on Potions before the first lecture.Esther was waiting for both of them in the lobby nearest Harry's room, and while Rose got some weird glances from the kids around them, no one questioned her presence. Rohanne was inside Harry's trunk, with only her head sneaking out so she could breathe properly, something she accepted only after Harry had promised to release her as soon as they entered the Hogwarts Express.The older woman led them to the van and they were both so excited that they entered the vehicle and buckled their seatbelts as soon as the trunks were stored safely. They didn't understand why the older woman was laughing at them before she pointed out that neither of them had had breakfast.The twins grumbled about not being hungry almost in perfect synchrony, but both followed Esther into one of the side rooms. Harry only realized how unusual this was after the door was already closed and he faced a bunch of breakfast foods on the table."Esther, why are we eating in one of the meeting rooms?" He asked as the older woman was putting some fried bacon strips and grilled tomatoes on her plate."I thought I might talk with both of you about Hogwarts, and it didn't seem wise to use the dining room to do that," she said before cutting a sausage gently and munching on it. "So I asked for a special breakfast for three to be delivered here."Harry nodded and sat down and begun putting some food on his plate before he noticed that Rose was just staring at the table wide-eyed."Rose?" He asked concernedly. "What's wrong?""Is this how you always eat breakfast, Harry?" She asked in awe, still staring at the food. "This must have taken ages.""No, Rose, this is the food that we serve the orphans the day before they leave when they're adopted or reach their majority," Esther said kindly.Rose nodded but didn't move to sit down, making Harry look fearfully at Esther. The older woman, who had already gathered from a brief conversation with McGonagall the previous day that the girl had grown up in an abusive environment, quickly figured that she probably didn't have much to eat growing up. Having accrued experience with children in similar situations over the years, she swallowed the angry reaction that bubbled inside her, knowing it would have been counterproductive, and just very slowly stood up and gently put a hand on the girl's back.When Rose didn't flinch back from the touch, Esther started stroking her back gently, which seemed to break the girl from her trance as she turned to face the older woman, who smiled at her."It's okay, dear," she said kindly, "eat as much as you want."Rose nodded but didn't move, still staring at the food before gulping deeply. "Is it really alright?" She asked hesitatingly."Of course," Esther cooed, "I'm counting on you two eating a lot. So eat as much or as little as you want."The girl nodded more firmly, and as she sat down Harry put it upon himself to serve a bit of everything for his sister. She started gently eating some toast and bacon, but as she experimented with the other foods she started wolving down her food with barely concealed joy.Harry didn't want whether to laugh at her obvious happiness at eating good food or cry at the fact it was obvious she had never before eaten so well. His conflicting emotions must have been clear on his face because Esther softly nudged him under the desk with her feet and mouthed 'don't get angry' at him. His eyes widened and he responded with the smallest nod.Esther put on a gentle smile so quickly on her face that Harry had to hold back a surprised expression."So, how are the two of you feeling about practicing magic?" She asked. Esther glanced up to answer without noticing she was still chewing on a large bite of mushroom and she blushed, but the amused expression on the older woman's expression made her relax enough to swallow and answer calmly."I am so excited!" She said animatedly, her eyes shining. Harry thought that he needed to buy Esther a box of chocolates if she managed to make Rose forget about her discomfort so quickly. "I have read a lot about magic in the past month, but not being able to use my wand was a bit sad.""I heard that complaint quite a lot here over the years," the woman chuckled."Did you get many magical children here?" Rose asked curiously."She did mention when McGonagall first came here that this wasn't the first magical orphan that lived her during her tenure," Harry answered, noting that the older woman was busy munching on some eggs."It was more common in the decade after the war, when I was a young lass," Esther answered, "since I've been here, there were maybe seven or eight wizards and witches pass through the orphanage, and they all went to Hogwarts.""Do you know what happened to them?" Rose asked, not yet having any idea of what she would do once she left the school."What happens with every child that grows up in an orphanage, I'm afraid," she said with a sad smile, "most of them stop visiting, appearing sometimes to volunteer on a weekend or donating some money, and after a while, they stop altogether. With magical orphans, it's doubly so because they rarely come back to the non-magical world once they understand magic. I still get some letters once a year, but nothing more than that.""Oh, that's sad," Rose frowned slightly. She imagined that if she worked as hard as Esther seemed to work, she would feel very sad if the children she helped raise didn't even come to visit her sometimes."It hasn't bothered me for a while, Rose," the woman said with a smile. "No one likes a reminder that they were orphans, and it makes me happy that they leave here well-prepared to face the world. That is enough for me."Rose nodded but looked sternly at her brother, who had tuned out the conversation in favor of focusing on his food, and bumped him in the shoulder, making him snap his head confusedly. "But Harry is going to visit you after Hogwarts, aren't you?""What?" He asked confused, not having caught unto the conversation so far. When Rose started to growl slightly, he decided to retreat quickly. "Yeah, of course, I'll do that.""I'm sure you will, Harry," the woman chuckled. "I've noticed that he has barely left the room from his studying this past month, have you been studying too?""Oh yeah," Rose nodded happily, "I'm excited to learn more about Potions and Herbology, but I've mostly studied Transfiguration because of Professor McGonagall," the girl frowned, "I still don't know how that one works well enough, to be honest.""Transfiguration is the one about transforming things, right?""I didn't know that you knew about the magical subjects," Harry said, surprised. Rose acquiesced the sentiment with a nod."The kids have always come back from Hogwarts wanting to talk to someone about their experiences, so I've listened all about the subjects, but mostly on Quidditch," she snorted, "I'm surprised Minerva hasn't tried to convert both of you to the sport.""Isn't Quidditch the one played on flying brooms?" Harry frowned trying to remember what he had read on Hogwarts: A History about the sport, but he could barely recall the basic facts. When he first read it, his head was so caught up on the fact that there were flying brooms on the Wizarding World that he couldn't grasp the positions."It is. My poor heart couldn't take watching kids zooming about hundreds of feet above the air, but Minerva is fanatic about the sport," Esther snorted, "the children that came back loved it too, and a couple even made the teams.""I don't know if I'd like to fly on a broom," Harry conceded. "It seems mental.""I like the idea," Rose said softly. "It makes me think about birds.""Birds don't risk death whenever they fly," Harry pointed out.Rose shrugged. "I don't think a school would allow the sport if they didn't have some way of making it a bit safer than it seems."Harry conceded, but only begrudgingly. What he grasped from Hogwarts from the chapters of Hogwarts: A History he had read didn't exactly pass on the impression of the school being this amazing haven, but mentioning it now would only worry Rose. It's not like he had a way to make the school safe from the orphanage anyway."And you, Harry? Excited about anything in particular?" Esther asked after some silence reigned through the room for half a minute."Well, I like Transfiguration, and Defense Against the Dark Arts seems very useful," Harry said, echoing the sentiments with which he wrote the letter to his sister some weeks prior, "but lately I've been very interesting in Charms. It looks like most of the things that wizards and witches do daily are based on Charms, so I'm excited to learn more there.""Ah, so you're looking to be a wanded specialist," Esther said, looking at the boy."A what?""A wanded specialist," Esther replied, putting down her cutlery before continuing, "the kids that went to Hogwarts in the past mentioned to me that every year there were two or three students whose specialties are on the wanded classes, so they called them wanded specialists. They always did best on the three subjects you mentioned. There is also something they used to call a theoretician, which is someone who specialized in Ancient Runes and Arithmancy, I think it's what it was called?" The woman shrugged softly, "I have no idea whether or not these terms are common, but the children used it fairly often.""Is there a name for someone good at Herbology and Potions?" Rose asked, wanting a moniker for herself."I don't recall there being a name, no." Rose pouted slightly, making the other two laugh. "Well, young lady, you can always make up a name if you're so inclined.""Trust me," Harry jokingly scoffed before grinning at his sister, "she loves naming things. Gets weird about it too.""Hey, Roxanne and Hedwig both loved their names, so I'm pretty good at it," Rose said with a mock glare. "I'll think about inventing a name for my abilities when we get used to the classes in Hogwarts.""I'm looking forward to it," Harry smiled, making his sister smile back."Right," Esther clapped, making the two siblings break from their smiling at each other, "now that you've both eaten quite a lot to handle the trip, shall we get going?"Rose jumped up from her seat animatedly and was about to run to the van when she suddenly winced and turned somewhat sheepishly to Esther."Uh, can you show me where the bathroom is?" She said before blushing slightly. "The food was delicious but my stomach is having problems with it all.""Of course, darling," the woman said, opening the door and pointing to a corridor on the other side of the lobby, "just go to the first door on your right down that corridor."The girl nodded and walked briskly to the bathroom. Neither Harry nor Esther had laughed at the somewhat humorous behavior because they had interpreted, correctly, that the girl's stomach had never had so much food shoved into it so quickly."Why did you tell me not to get angry, Esther?" Harry asked softly, supporting his head on the doorframe as he glanced sideways to the woman who was staring at the corridor sadly."Harry, I have been an orphanage matron for fifty years," the woman sighed and continued without facing him, "unfortunately, that comes with a lot of experience in dealing with abused children."Harry nodded absentmindedly, feeling his stomach plummet as he considered Rose's reactions to food just a few minutes before. He wouldn't know what to do in that scenario to comfort his twin."Do you have any tips for me?" He finally asked, turning so he could look at the elderly woman directly."Well, if I had to tell you one thing, it's to not be angry all the time," she said after thinking for a second. Noticing how he frowned at the comment, she stopped his complaints with a wave of her hand. "I'm not saying there's nothing for you to be angry about. God knows that separating siblings like this is just cruel, and something you are more than entitled to feeling angry about. My point is that getting angry all the time might confuse Rose.""What do you mean?" Harry asked confusedly. He didn't like that confusion was becoming something of a default setting for him ever since that visit from McGonagall, and it was becoming harder and harder to keep his wits about him, particularly when it came to his sister."Considering her relatives, what do you think is her experience with people expressing anger?" Seeing Harry bristle in realization, she nodded. "That's why. If you get angry constantly, she might believe that you're the cause of her anger, or worse, that you're angry at her, and that may close the avenue of comfort she has established with you. And that girl desperately needs an outlet. And so do you, Harry."Harry looked the older woman in the eye and nodded firmly. He hadn't enjoyed how he had been losing control of his temper lately anyway and knowing that retaining burning resentment inside him might hurt his sister, he decided to regain his emotional control in the trip to Hogwarts. That would have been a challenge if the scene at the bookstore had told him anything."Here she comes," Esther said, breaking him out of his musings and Rose walked with her head hanging low and a light blush still on her face. Harry strode to meet her and gently raised her head with his hand and smile tentatively at his sister, who understood the gesture and responded with a small smile of her own. "Let's go now?"Both children nodded happily and went to the van, sitting side by side and talking animatedly about their expectations. Esther smiled as she looked at the two in the rearview mirror. At the end of the day, she was happiest when children just behaved like children.The arrival of two children with huge packets of trunks carried about was made less awkward by the presence of the respectable elderly woman guiding them, but Harry could tell that they were still getting odd glances. He thanked McGonagall's foresight for sending Hedwig on her way beforehand, or the presence of the pretty bird would be taken with far more odd stares. He was somewhat accustomed to crowds from the local football championships, but that paled in comparison to the morning hour rush in King's Cross, and he felt some discomfort. That was nothing compared to the sheer panic in Rose's face. He wondered why she was not so catatonic in Diagon Alley, but he figured the wonder about discovering magic was enough to break through her discomfort. Here there was nothing except her brother's hand to distract her from the massive crowd, but she soldiered on as best she could.Between Harry reading Hogwarts: A History and Esther's prior experience escorting children to the school, the trio walked confidently to Platform 9 and 3/4, and Harry noticed one or two other children similarly burdened with trunks walking vaguely in the same direction. Others, he noticed, didn't have trunks, but looked far too distinctive to not be wizards and witches. Harry noted that magicals walked with a more confident gait in their step than most, and didn't have the slight hunchback that some non-magicals had gained from watching television and doubling over to read books in uncomfortably small wooden desks in school.Consciously adjusting his posture, squaring his shoulders, and raising his chin to emulate their behavior, he noticed that Rose was staring at him curiously. He smiled lightly and shook his head, making the girl shrug a bit and glance forwards again.When they arrived at the magical barrier, Esther stopped and faced the two, bending down slightly. Alarmed by the gesture, Harry moved to help the woman, who leveled him with a gaze."I may be old, Harry, but there's no need to treat me like I'm made of glass," she said sternly, some of her Scottish heritage seeping into her voice, "or have you forgotten that you're the eleven-year-old here?"Harry blushed slightly but didn't stop helping the woman stabilize as she bent down to their height. She grumbled something unintelligible under her breath but said nothing aloud."Alright you two, enjoy your year. Remember that if you need anything, you can always owl me, or just talk to Minerva. The first year is often the hardest on children that are raised on the non-magical world, but remember you'll always have a friend outside to listen to you," she said, her voice growing slightly emotive as she went on. Harry also was having a hard time facing the battling between wanting to move on to a world where he might be better received and the gratitude he felt towards the older woman. "I'll miss you, Harry, and it's been a pleasure meeting you, Rose.""I'll miss you too, Esther," he said, hugging the woman lightly. She patted him on the back and turned to Rose. "Take care of the little brat for me, would you?""I'll do my best," she chuckled with slightly wet eyes. Esther nodded."Off you trot then. Just go through the barrier and I'll expect an owl tomorrow letting me know you arrived safely."Both children nodded and walked to face the pillar. Rose seemed to hesitate a bit, thinking that the cart carrying her stuff would crash and tip over when they met the barrier, but a small smile from Harry was all she needed to walk through it, but still closing her eyes in anticipation. When she felt a wave of foreign energy flowing through her, she opened her eyes to gawk at an enormous red locomotive waiting for them. Breaking out of her stupor as she remembered Harry still had to cross through, she moved out of the way just in time for his entrance."I knew it was a train, but I didn't know it was this massive," he said, looking at the Express in awe. Rose only managed a weak nod. The train was truly enormous. Harry noticed that there was a large compartment seemingly transporting coal, and wondered whether the locomotive was truly just a magically enhanced form of a Victorian train or if wizards just appreciated steampunk. It wouldn't be the weirdest thing about the Wizarding World.There was an inordinate amount of white smoke emanating from the train considering it was stopped, and Harry was surprised that there were so few people walking about the platform. He looked at a clock in the wall and noticed that they were a little under 45 minutes ahead of schedule, which was somewhat shocking. In the non-magical world, a long train ride like this would make the platform already full of activity by now, but wizards seemed to have a much more lax attitude towards timetables which against what Harry had surmised from their behavior so far. Maybe they just used their faster ways of transportation and were less afraid of delays? McGonagall implied that Apparition was a difficult technique to master, but if wizards were anything like the people he had met in his daily life, the potential for instantaneous travel was way too valuable not to learn as soon as possible.They entered the train via one of the last carriages because Rose wanted to be either at the end or the beginning of the train, for some reason. Harry indulged her and just walked behind her, helping her store her trunk above their heads after she got some books from out the bag and did the same for him.Resisting the temptation to give his History books one last go to see if he wanted to find out more about his family, he grabbed The Standard Book of Spells and A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration and sat across his sister, who had put her book near her and was anxiously staring out the window."Are you okay, Rose?" Harry asked full of concern as she started to fidget in her seat."I'm fine," she said quickly, before wincing at the look Harry was giving her. "I am fine. I am just... worried.""About what?""Well, I've never had a real friend before, and there's going to be so many kids at school," she admitted looking sadly at her feet before sulking and grouching irritably, "and if the reactions in Diagon Alley were anything to go by, people are going to be so busy gawking at my scar to talk to me."Harry blanched and barely concealed a violent recoil, but it wasn't enough to hide from his sister, who smiled slightly at him. "You thought I wouldn't notice, Harry? I know why got so angry at the bookstore, I saw the books about me when I went to get those books on our family in the History section."He deflated and nervously passed his hand through his hair. "I just wanted you to have a normal time in school for the first time.""I know, Harry, but I don't think you can control that," she said smiling sadly, "people are going to react to the both of us, and there's nothing we can do about it.""I know, but I was hoping it would blow over quickly," he admitted weakly. Some compassionate silence stood between the twins, but they said nothing more. "What's our plan, then?""What do you mean, plan?""Well, we need to do something to make them lay off our backs.""I think there's nothing to it," Rose shrugged, "we just need to show them that we're both just normal eleven-year-olds.""And are we normal eleven-year-olds?" Harry asked with some faint amusement."No idea," his sister snorted, "maybe magical children are all just as weird as you are."They both laughed and slipped into a more casual conversation. Harry noticed that neither had addressed the House system of the school at all so far, probably out of fear that they would be sorted into different Houses, and he figured that his sister was probably figuring out the same problem.After some more minutes of conversation, they noticed more and more conversation noises coming from outside their compartment. Both awash with anticipation, they kept their gazes fixed on the open books on their laps, but neither was reading. The words in the books seemed to repeat themselves endlessly in both their minds as every sound that crossed their ears was studied to discern whether or not the compartment would open and they would have company.Finally, after a few minutes of anxious fidgeting, the door slid open slowly, and the two twins glanced up from their books.The girls who were standing by the door appeared to be first-years the same as them, and both had the same well-trained and polite airs about them that Harry had observed from King's Cross. He instantly corrected his posture and met their gaze fully, which seemed to surprise the girl in the front, who raised an elegant blonde eyebrow in response, and also seemed to amuse the one behind her, who grinned. Despite their similar posturing, Harry had noticed that the girl in the back seemed to be far friendlier, with big round black eyes that glistened in amusement and short hair that stopped at her chin in small black waves, making her look somewhat more modern than what he had observed from the average young witch in Diagon. He also noticed that she deferred to the girl in front of her.Said young girl did seem comfortable with being a point of reference to her friend and merely gazed passively to the two twins sitting down in the compartment. Harry noticed that her eyes were as startlingly blue as his own were startingly emerald, and once again was faced with understanding why people often were uncomfortable with his glares. If he didn't do the same routine to impose on people back on the orphanage, he would have had to fight himself to keep his gaze locked with hers. Once again that action seemed to bring him to the girl's attention, who kept looking at him slightly longer than strictly necessary or polite.Rose, who had frozen when the compartment opened, snapped out of it and send a weak smile in their direction and stammered a hesitant "hello" to the two witches. The front girl merely nodded politely in her direction, while the one in the back grinned and waved a bit cheekily, which made Harry smile a bit. This called attention to himself, as the blonde again glanced at him and nodded. Noticing that his nod was slightly less noticeable than the one sent to Rose, Harry made it a point to nod even less, which again didn't go unnoticed by the girl in the front, whose lips quirked slightly upwards before she against retained her composure."May we sit with you?" She finally asked, being careful to address Harry instead of Rose. His sister frowned at the formality, but Harry caught on quickly, confirming his suspicion that the Wizarding World was somewhat stiffer than its Muggle counterpart. He figured a society that created Minerva McGonagall would be more formal."Of course," he said smoothly, retrieving the books from his seat and opening space for one of them to sit by his side. Rose followed his action and soon they had the company of the two new girls. Harry noticed that the blonde insisted on sitting by Rose's side, which seemed to make his sister tremendously happy, but he had suspected that the girl had chosen to sit there so she could observe him, by the analyzing glances the girl had sent his way as she sat down."We didn't expect the last compartment to be occupied this early," the black-haired girl commented casually. "Have you been here for long?""Oh, not at all," Rose smiled excitedly, waving her hand to dismiss the notion. "We got here about twenty minutes ago, right, Harry?""About that much," he confirmed softly, not tearing his gaze away from the blonde, who was similarly analyzing him."So you have been here for a while," the other girl responded by his side. "Are you two Muggle-born?"Harry and Rose exchanged a glance. They hadn't agreed on how to address questions about their family situation and knew it was going to be a difficult story to convey. The only thing that Harry was determined not to share was the fact they had been raised separately. Not only revealing that would be insensitive to Rose because it would lead to all manner of uncomfortable questions about the Dursley's, but it would also be unwise for him. He had figured in the orphanage that some information was better to keep secret until the moment it was most useful. By silent agreement, it was Harry who moved to answer the question."Not exactly," he said slowly, taking care to look at the black-haired girl and not the blonde. He didn't need her analyzing the hesitation that was surely written in his face. "Both our parents are magicals.""So, you're a half-blood like me?" The girl said amused, smiling softly."Yes, but we didn't grow up in the Wizarding World," he admitted promptly, not breaking his gaze but responding her with a similarly soft smile. It wasn't like they were going to be able to hide their ignorance of the Wizarding World as a whole."How come?" The blonde interjected, making Harry looked at her. She was looking at him in interest. "A Pureblood and a Muggle-born pairing?""Yes," he confirmed with a nod, but before she could ask why his parents had chosen to raise them in the non-magical world, a question he could see was on the tip of her tongue, "but we didn't know our parents. We're orphans."He noticed with some faint amusement that the façade of casual analysis on the blonde's face broke for the first time and she looked mortified, a sentiment that was still much more apparent on the girl by his side. Harry would have been happy to see he had managed to crack through her exterior had he not just talked about his dead parents."Don't worry," Rose said gently, "it's not like you could have known."The two girls nodded in response, but neither seemed enthusiastic about commenting any further. Rose seemed anxious to have the conversation start back but didn't know how to continue, and Harry was too busy looking at the distraught blonde."If you do not mind me asking," the black-haired girl asked hesitatingly. Harry noticed the lack of inflections and the way she was sitting straighter than before, and how much effort she was putting into making her voice even. It was as if she were trying to channel the behavior of her blonde friend, who had also noticed her odd tone and was watching warily. "How did it happen?""Tracey!" The blonde girl hissed wide-eyed and scandalized, before turning to face Rose and Harry in turn and speaking so quickly that the polite way in which she had enveloped herself was forgotten. "I'm very sorry about my friend's behavior and you don't have to answer that question.""Why, Tracey," Harry said instead, smirking at the way the girl flinched and looked away when he emphasized her name. "I thought it was common knowledge that there was a war in the Wizarding World? They both died fighting Voldemort."He noticed the way both girls winced when he said the name and wondered if that reaction had anything to do with how everyone referred to the man by that ridiculous hyphenized nickname."Seriously, it's fine. Like Rose said, there was no way you could have known we were orphans," he shrugged, "plus, we never knew our parents. The question didn't offend us."Rose nodded her concurrence, but both witches were frozen in shock. Harry frowned before wincing as he noticed he had just spoken his sister's name. Rose hadn't caught on yet but was warily looking at her twin to understand what had happened."I'm sorry," the blonde said, clearing her throat after recovering before her friend, "did you say your sister was called Rose? Are you perhaps referring to Rose Potter?""I am right here, you know," she answered heatedly, making the blonde wince slightly. "Is that an issue?""No, none at all," the blonde answered quickly, composing herself. "Much to the contrary. I have heard rumors you'd be attending this year but didn't know if it was true.""It is," Rose nodded tightly. "I didn't know anything about the Wizarding World until very recently, so please forgive me if I'm not too keen on people cozying up to me because I'm the Girl-Who-Lived."Well, that was certainly... blunt. Not the way Harry would have gone about it, but he admittedly admired his sister for being so straightforward so quickly. The other girls didn't seem fazed by her temper and both smiled at her."Don't worry, we're not the type to do that, but you're right to be suspicious. It'll happen," the black-haired girl - Tracey - responded. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss Potter."Rose blinked at the usage of her family name in the address, but before she could question it, the blonde asked a question staring at Harry."The existence of your brother is not known here in the Wizarding Britain," she said before turning back to Rose, "would you happen to know which one of you is the eldest?""Are you asking which one of us is Heir Potter?" Harry intervened. The blonde seemed slightly surprised by the statement but tilted her head slightly in acknowledgment. Harry responded by raising his hand and willing to ring to appear briefly, and the girl nodded in response."I see," she said before stopping to analyze him silently. Tracey and Rose both exchange a nervous glance at each other as Harry met her gaze with his own. "I take it that you also don't know much about the Wizarding World, Mr. Potter?""Yes. And that is so interesting because?""It is rare for a future Wizengamot member to be raised without knowledge of our traditions," she answered."The goblins at Gringotts mentioned that," Harry admitted. "But I don't think you're asking because you're curious.""Oh?" She asked, again raising an eyebrow."The thing about orphans," he said darkly, leaning forwards to meet her unwavering gaze, "is that they learn when people try to play with them very quickly."Rose noticed how his eyes glowed slightly as he said the last sentence, and how Tracey was staring at the scene half in fear and half in surprise. Rose tried to move to calm down her brother, but the blonde girl leaned forwards before she could."Congratulations, Mr. Potter," she said icily. Rose noticed that unlike Harry, the girl's blue eyes dimmed as she spoke intently. Neither of them tore their gaze from the other. "But will you learn fast enough now?"There was a big deal of silence before Harry leaned back, not wavering with his stare."Is this what this is about?" He asked. The girl didn't answer, but she also leaned back and her eyes returned to her regular blue hue. "What do you get in return?""We can decide that later," she answered promptly."That is too open-ended," Harry said firmly."You can't offer me anything definitive right now," she responded."You don't know that.""Please," she scoffed. It seemed to annoy Harry, but only briefly."Fine," he acquiesced with a nod.The compartment was in silence as both teenagers glared at each other. Both Tracey and Rose were staring at the scene in open shock."What just happened?" The first girl asked incredulously."I have no idea, but it scares me," Rose said weakly. That broke Harry out of his glaring match as he snorted softly."She is going to teach me the customs I need to blend into this world as a future Wizengamot member," Harry pointed at the blonde. "By the way, you haven't said your name.""My apologies," she said honestly. Not introducing yourself is rather rude, but the compartment had seen far more interesting things than provide her with a good opportunity to mention it. "I am Daphne Greengrass, and that is Tracey Davis.""Pleasure, Miss Greengrass," said Harry formally, making Rose frown."Harry, we're eleven. Aren't you a little too young to be making these deals?" She asked exasperatedly. "Normal kids, remember?""I am afraid, Miss Potter, that someone who will have a seat in the Wizengamot can't ever be afforded a truly normal childhood," Greengrass said evenly. Tracey nodded, but with a tint of sadness as if she were mourning for something."You don't have to prepare this early for it, though," Rose said with a hint of desperation. A suspicion had begun to emerge in the back of her mind. When Harry turned to smile sadly at her, she had all the confirmation she needed and she felt her stomach sink."I'm sorry, Rose, but I think it's for the best.""Don't think that I don't know why you're doing this," she said angrily, but tears had begun to form in her eyes. This couldn't be happening, not when both of them were going to be allowed to be normal kids together. "Don't you dare do this, Harry Potter.""I made a promise to myself," he said weakly, averting his gaze, but was cut off by Rose."And a promise to me!" She yelled, trembling. Both twins had completely forgotten the presence of the two girls, who were staring at the exchange with expressions that ranged from confusion to sadness and surprise. "Together, remember that?""Rose," he said softly, grasping both her hand into his, trying to conceal the hurt in his face when she shook him off and glared at him. She immediately regretted it when she saw the look pass through his face, but a stubborn part of her brain demanded that she keep her ground. "I am not going anywhere.""Yes, you are," she mumbled sadly. "You're going to study wizarding etiquette or whatever to protect me and you're going to change.""Only around other people," he said softly, putting his pinky finger up. "I'm still going to be just your brother when we're together.""I don't like this," she whispered, but still hooked her finger around his, making him smile slightly."I don't like it either," he admitted. Rose nodded a bit but didn't look at him, wiping her eyes with her sleeve. When he sighed in relief and threw himself back against his seat, he noticed the two girls eyeing him somewhat sadly. Tracey was openly melancholic, and even though Daphne was still composed, he could see that her eyes had softened once she understood his position. Feeling a bit sheepish, he rubbed his neck with his nervously. "Would you mind keeping this bit to yourselves?"Before anyone could answer, the door opened briskly and the four members of the compartment turned to look who opened it."Has anyone seen a toad?" A girl asked, after glancing around the compartment, presumably looking for the animal. "A boy named Neville has lost his."Harry only shook his head, but Greengrass sighed tiredly."Would that be Neville Longbottom?" She asked."I think so," the girl with frizzy hair answered, scrunching her nose a bit in concentration. "Said the toad was called Trevor. Do you know him.""Our families are business partners," she said vacantly, "and no, we haven't seen his toad. Are you in a nearby compartment?""Yes, just two compartments down," the girl nodded, "I thought it best to look in this direction before looking the other way.""I suggest you go to the beginning of the Express, to the prefects' compartment. They'll be able to help you more promptly. But if we see Trevor, we'll let Longbottom know.""Ooh, I read about prefects in Hogwarts: A History but I didn't know where to find one," she said animatedly, "thank you very much!"Rose smiled softly at the girl's enthusiasm and at how she mentioned the huge book she had seen in Harry's trunk with great reverence."You're welcome, Miss?""Granger, but call me Hermione," the girl said quickly."You're welcome, Granger," Daphne responded. Hermione blinked and frowned a bit in confusion, but nodded weakly and left to go look for the missing toad."I'm guessing that using first names is just for close friends?" Harry asked after the girl was out of earshot."That's right," Tracey said, "although that was a bit rude, Daphne. The girl had no idea."Greengrass just shrugged dismissively. "If she's smart, she'll learn.""Is there anything else we need to learn?" Harry asked, sitting closer to the edge on his seat."No," Rose said firmly, "this is already ridiculous enough. If you want to learn this nonsense, do it at your own time. We're eleven, for God's sake."Daphne seemed aghast that the girl didn't want to learn more, but Tracey started giggling. "Trust me, you don't want to learn, it's dead boring.""Thank you!" Rose said exaggeratedly, making Harry smile softly and making Daphne sniff a bit haughtily trying to unsuccessfully disguise her amusement.Their conversations took a more casual turn, and even Daphne allowed herself to mellow a bit and enter into the flow of things. They had discovered rapidly that Tracey and Rose were far more enthusiastic about Hogwarts than either Harry or Daphne and the two less rambunctious members of the compartment started sharing amused glances whenever the other two went off in animated tangents.It was only when the subject of Quidditch came up that Daphne's eyes truly lit up and she and Tracey started explaining the sport to a riveted Rose."I don't get the appeal, honestly," Harry said when Tracey asked why he was so quiet."Oh, it's always like that, Potter," she said dismissively, "wait until you see the first game.""I'm sure I'll appreciate the atmosphere, I liked football a lot growing up.""Isn't football that game with the people in shorts pants running around after a ball?" Daphne asked, scrunching her nose."I'm sorry, did you describe the most popular sport on the planet as a game with people in shorts running after a ball?" Harry asked incredulously."It's only the most popular sport in your world, Potter," Greengrass said dismissively, "why would you run when you can fly?""You do realize that there are two Potters, right?" Rose asked, interrupting what she was anticipated was a long speech from Harry about the safety hazard of teenagers on flying brooms. "Calling us by our last names is going to get confusing.""You'll get it through context, Potter.""Honestly, I'd call you Harry and Rose if Daphne wouldn't eat my head about it," Tracey said with a wry grin."It's improper," the girl in question huffed and glared at her friend."See what I mean?" Tracey pointed out, making the compartment light softly. Daphne was about to respond when the door opened briskly again, interrupting her midway her first word. Seeing who had opened the door, Tracey mumbled loud enough for the blonde boy standing there to hear. "Oh Merlin, why?""Davis," the blonde boy sneered viciously. Harry raised an eyebrow questioningly at Greengrass, but the girl had installed a dead expression on her face and was looking directly at the boy. Whoever it was, his viciousness hadn't gone appreciated by Daphne, and the with his hair combed and slicked back neatly and the two larger kids flanking him with vacant expressions gave Harry the impression this was going to be a spoiled rich kid like the ones that went to mock the orphans during the local football championship for having no parents. This realization made Harry's expression cloud in anger, confusing Rose."Malfoy," she responded with equal disdain."Daphne," the boy said much more softly, looking at the blonde girl with something akin to respect. "A pleasure to see you.""Malfoy," she said, emphasizing the surname and nodding politely but coldly. The omission about any pleasure to see him too wasn't lost on anyone. Harry saw the beginnings of an insult forming on his tongue before he glanced at Rose's forehead and saw the lightning scar and his expression morphed into a well-practiced charming smile. The way the smile didn't reach his eyes rung alarm bells on Harry's brain."Miss Rose Potter," he said, with a polite bow. After a glare at each of his accompanying friends, they each provided a much less fluid bow in turn. "It's a pleasure to see that the rumors of your coming to Hogwarts are not unfounded.""Uhh... yeah, I'm attending this year. Are you a first-year too?" Rose asked slowly, trying to understand what was going on. Why were people bowing to her?"I am," he said, his smile somehow growing even bigger and the look in his eyes ever more predatory once he figured out that Rose wasn't well informed, "however, my father is on the Board of Governors and I know Hogwarts very well. It would be my pleasure to escort you around the castle.""I am afraid, Mr. Malfoy," Harry intervened, fixing a vacant smile on his face. The boy blinked in surprise and was about to sneer at the interruption when he noticed the similarity between Harry and Rose and connected the dots, "that Miss Greengrass has already offered to escort Rose through Hogwarts, and so we must decline your kind offer.""I understand," Malfoy answered, not bothering to hide his anger behind a polite smile. "The stories don't mention a lesser Potter sibling, so I was unaware of your existence.""You shouldn't put too much stock into stories, Mr. Malfoy," Harry said, his smile widening but his voice quietly carrying the room. "I guarantee they will tell much about the future Lord Potter.""We'll see, Potter," the boy drawled, glaring holes into Harry's head.The intruding trio left without a single word, finally allowing Harry to scowl. "Please tell me that isn't a Wizarding thing.""You mean his awkward attempts to charm your sister?" Greengrass said with a grimace. "No, that isn't a thing, at least not for some years.""Is that what he was doing?" Rose asked incredulously before moaning. "Ugh, we're eleven, what is wrong with this place?""Trust me, this wasn't Draco's plan. This just screams Lucius Malfoy." Daphne said, looking at the closed compartment door."Who is that?" Harry asked heatedly."Draco's father," Tracey answered, looking as angry with the situation as Harry and at least half as exasperated as Rose. "This would be just like him, trying to tie the Girl-Who-Lived to the Malfoy family young.""You know him?" Harry asked. The man's interest in his sister put him in Harry's danger list, and the way his son looked rich and pampered made it doubly so. Whoever the man was, his position as a member of the Board of Governors of Hogwarts suggested he had power and money to get his way."You stay around Draco long enough and you learn all about his father," Tracey scoffed."Well, whatever. I'll just stay away from him," Rose said."I imagine you'll have an easier time of that than I will," Daphne said, looking exhausted."Why's that?""Because we'll almost certainly be sorted into Slytherin House," she answered. "Tracey here could go to more than one House, but I expected she'll be there too."She looked expectantly at Harry, who nodded back. "I think so too.""You think you're going to Slytherin, Harry?" Rose asked."I would be surprised if your brother went to another House," Tracey said. "More so than me, honestly. Anyone who connects with Daphne the way they did before is going to be a Slytherin.""Where do you think I'm going, then?" Rose asked, animatedly. She knew there was no way she was going to get sorted into Slytherin, but was optimistic that it wouldn't create any tension between Harry and her after their confrontation about him learning more about Wizarding culture. She chose to trust he would keep his promises."Hmmm, maybe Hufflepuff or Gryffindor?""I agree," Daphne said, "but I'm leaning towards Gryffindor.""That sounds great," Rose nodded enthusiastically. "I don't much care, to be honest.""You do know that there's a huge grudge between Slytherin and Gryffindor?" Daphne said, surprised by the girl's nonchalance."What difference does it make?" Rose asked with a shrug, "I'm not letting that stop me from being with my brother.""Fair enough," Tracey said firmly. "Family is more important."Daphne nodded but said nothing more. Harry suspected that this grudge was much more intense than she had suggested.They stayed shifting between silence and casual conversation the rest of the way. Many hours later, while Harry was eating some Wizarding candy that Tracey had bought for him and Rose to try, an older looking student with red hair sporting a shiny badge identifying him as a prefect knocked on their door and opened it gently."You should get ready. We arrive in Hogsmeade in twenty minutes."

Chapter Six - A Cold Hand DealtSummary: Harry Potter was raised in an orphanage, aware but confused about his magical powers. Near his eleventh birthday, he discovers he has a twin sister raised by abusive relatives for reasons he does not understand. Yearning for a family, he delves into a messy and violent Magical Britain that is yet to shrug off the effect of the latest blood war.Note: As I have said on Serpentine Advice, my long absence was due to a grave illness from which I am still recovering. I am not in mortal danger, but my diagnosis was sufficiently alarming for me to stay hospitalized for several weeks. Now, the writing of this story, as well as my primary story, the aforementioned Serpentine Advice, will continue normally. Enjoy!Note: If you have any questions for me regarding this story, feel free to message me privately or leave a review. As I am still recovering, I cannot promise that I will respond immediately, but I will endeavor to do my best.Serpentine Advice: If you enjoy this story, please consider reading my other main story, Serpentine Advice, which covers a Harry Potter discovering and learning from a portrait of Salazar Slytherin in the Chamber of Secrets.The large man who had accompanied Rose to Gringotts was calling the first years forward with a booming voice."Firs' years! Firs' years with me! Oh, how are you, Rose?" He said gently, before glancing at Harry trailing his sister and poorly hiding his scowl.Harry let his sister talk to the enormous man with Tracey and stayed a couple of steps behind to pace himself with Daphne."Greengrass, is there anything I need to know before you can properly coach me?" He said softly, not taking his eyes from the narrow path they were traversing."Not really," she said just as quietly. "For all that I have said about Wizengamot Heirs not having as rich a childhood as the rest of the Wizarding World, there's something of an understanding that eleven-year-olds are mostly off-limits. Just remember to address people by their last names, and you should be fine for some months.""Even in Slytherin?""You are determined to go to Slytherin, aren't you?" She inquired with the tiniest bit of amusement before turning slightly in his direction. "Won't you miss your sister?""For all that I love Rose, my sister and I are different people," he said, reminding himself that mentioning their involuntary separation was not wise at the moment. "In an ideal world, we'd be together through everything, but the world isn't perfect.""Fair enough, I suppose," she said pensively, before turning back to face the path ahead. "Other than Malfoy, I don't think you would have a lot of trouble in Slytherin. My Father did say that Slytherin has something of an internal hierarchy, but it's not something that affects us fully until our Third Year.""Let me guess, you want to climb to the top of the hierarchy?""Of course," she scoffed elegantly, something that frankly didn't seem possible for Harry until just then. "Slytherins are supposed to be ambitious. Most of the House should dream of leadership.""We could help each other," Harry pointed out, knowing that the girl was better positioned than him at the moment."Or we can be enemies," she shrugged. "I don't know you, Potter. Don't get me wrong, even our short interaction tells me that you are far more pleasant than Malfoy, but declaring alliances before we even get sorted doesn't seem very wise."Harry just nodded and said nothing more. They continued walking in casual silence, ignoring the rush of conversations around them as the other students were far more excited. Greengrass seemed cool and in control, while Harry's emotions were running slightly out of control for him to show much excitement, lest he loses his temper inappropriately.Instead of thoughts of lost toads, the anticipation of classes, speculation on how they would get sorted, and to what Hogwarts House they would go, Harry focused exclusively on one repeating word rummaging around his brain.Dumbledore.Dumbledore.Dumbledore.With each passing step, another part of his brain shut down rational thought and gave in to anger. At that point, he was too angry to try to calm down and was focusing all of his mental strength on merely suffering from an overdose of cold anger, as opposed to the rampant tantrums he had recently grown accustomed to when it came to Rose.'How dare he?' Harry sneered inwardly. He felt the rush of blood in his ears and was taking mechanical steps before a sea of "Oooohs" and "Aaaahs" startled him. He looked over to Greengrass and was surprised to see her grinning widely. Frowning confusedly, he turned to look in the direction everyone else was facing and felt his breath escape his lungs in an awed rush.Hogwarts was, in the most straightforward description of the word, beautiful. More detailed descriptions could define the castle more accurately; its enormous towers and glistening windows made it as imposing as a grand cathedral, eliciting the same awed sense of subservience towards a grander purpose. The lights made the castle the only clear sight in the night; the lunar night insufficient to light up the forest, cliffs, and waters surrounding it. A low mist enhanced the natural sense of mystery emanating from a magical school, as if you focused hard enough, you could hear the castle whisper arcane secrets discreetly on the gentle waves of the lake. There were no battlements, no wall to protect from invaders, but Hogwarts showed a brute sort of magnificence that made the idea of a siege in the middle of the Scottish Highlands laughable.For the mind of a startled Muggle-raised eleven-year-old, there was only a vague sense of beauty, and by the reactions of all the other children, they didn't seem able to internalize the view in front of them any better than Harry could."No more'n than four a boat!" Hagrid bellowed, pointing to a neat row of tiny boats floating in front of them. Harry snorted slightly. The difference between the sight of the castle and the dingy little boats was amusing. Nevertheless, he entered with Daphne, Tracey, and Rose, the latter two beaming openly and the former containing herself to an excited grin. "FORWARD!"The boats obeyed the command, and one by one, they sailed forwards, carrying stunned and silent groups of children with their eyes glued to their new school.There was a slight commotion behind him involving Trevor and a toad, or Trevor, the toad - it wasn't very clear from Harry's position - but other than that, they arrived at the beginnings of a large passageway carved through the rocks in the direction of the awaiting castle.The line of eleven-year-olds stopped meekly in front of an enormous door. The children glanced sideways at each other in a collective moment of 'what do we do now?'. Their salvation came in the form of Hagrid, who walked briskly to the door and knocked heavily three times, each blast echoing slightly in the silence.The door swung open, and Harry was happy to see McGonagall there. Rose was far happier and waved excitedly, her robes swinging wildly with the motion, to which the stern Professor responded with a discreet nod that might as well have never existed. Rose accepted it with a grin and started bobbing up and down in her heels in excitement."The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid."Thank you, Hagrid. I'll take them from here."The woman guided them through the door and into an enormous entrance hall. There was a rather large stairway that separated into both directions, with a colored glass window designed to show the Hogwarts coat-of-arms shining brilliantly even at night. Large torches lit the room, and the stone walls echoed with the sounds of each step the woman took. There were hundreds of voices in the doorway to the left, where the rest of the school presumably would be, but they went to a small chamber in a room off to another side."Welcome to Hogwarts," McGonagall said to the students, who were peering and glancing about nervously. "The start-of-term banquet will be served shortly in the Great Hall. Before you eat, however, there will be a ceremony in which you will be sorted to your House. The Hogwarts Houses are Gryffindor, headed by me; Hufflepuff, headed by Pomona Sprout; Ravenclaw, headed by Filius Flitwick; and Slytherin, headed by Severus Snape. Every House has its own distinctive and rich history, producing memorable wizards and witches. Here, your House is much like your family. You will eat together, attend classes together, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your House common rooms. As students of Hogwarts, triumphs inside and outside the classroom will be compensated with points, and rulebreaking inside and outside the classroom will result in deduction of the aforementioned points - or, in appropriate cases, detention. At the end of the year, the House with the most points will be awarded the House Cup, a great honor. I hope you will all be a credit to whichever Houses you are sorted."I will return when we are ready for the Sorting to begin. In the meantime, stay put."Harry, who had grown up in an orphanage, immediately suspected the bit of the speech about Hogwarts Houses being like families, particularly when combined with the information Daphne had provided about there being a hierarchy inside of Slytherin House. Children and teenagers, when forced together through whatever circumstance, will coexist in a boiling pot of hormones, hatred, excitement, and conflict. There are too many variables for there to be the simple familiar love he felt for Rose inside of an entire House. His sister seemed way too taken with the idea of having a large family to question McGonagall's words, and Harry suppressed a sigh. He fervently hoped she didn't get her heart broken in the House into which she got sorted."How exactly do they sort us anyway?" Someone asked from behind him. The group turned as one in the direction of the voice."Don't know," shrugged a redhead with smudges of chocolate spread around his lips. "Fred told me it was a test that hurts a lot, but I think he was joking.""They wouldn't hurt eleven-year-olds to sort them," a girl called from across the room, but her voice wavered enough to cause wide-spread anxiety.Hermione, the girl from the train earlier, was whispering spells she had read quietly, and the rest of the room was shifting nervously from side to side. Greengrass was still and cool - as always, it seemed - but Harry also was similarly calm. He reckoned that whatever it was, it would as absurd and unexpected as the goblins of Gringotts and their Tesco's inspired pings in their verification parchments, so he didn't even try to speculate.Several people around him screamed, and he blinked slightly in surprise when his sister grabbed his arm forcefully. He looked around and saw a good dozen or more ghosts floating around them. He had read that there were ghosts in the school in Hogwarts: a History, so he wasn't that surprised, but the amount and variety of them did.A cackling ghost was sent away by a stern man surrounded by rattling chains, and a fat monk said in an animated tone. "Forgive and forget, I think. I'm sure Peeves merely got a bit excited there, we should give him a second chance...""Heavens, dear Friar, we give him two chances every day, let alone at the start of the schooling year. Peeves gives us all a bad name and he isn't even a ghost," answered another ghost exasperatedly.One of the ghosts noticed the First-Years, and as one, the apparations turned to them with varying expressions. The warmest one came from the Friar, who started questioned them about the Sorting and sponsoring his own House of Hufflepuff. Harry expected pitches from the other House ghost, but none came in time for McGonagall to call them into the Great Hall.The Great Hall certainly lived up to its name. A great deal of silence suddenly struck as hundreds of older faces looked at them speculatively. The students were assigned to four large tables - each to one House - that were full of golden goblets and plates. As the narrow corridor formed by the two central tables ended, a large table positioned perpendicular to the four House tables seated the professors, with a large golden throne in the middle. The ghosts floated above each table, talking to students or merely observing them with indifference.The ceiling was shining brilliantly with the light of hundreds of floating candles and a sea of stars greeting the students brightly."It's bewitched to look like the night sky outside," whispered Hermione, to no one in particular, though some people seemed interested. "I read about it in Hogwarts: A History." Harry hadn't, so the girl must be ahead of him in the enormously dense tome.McGonagall silently placed a fragile-looking four-legged stool in front of the staff table and placed an old rickety hat on it. Everyone was staring at the hat, which made Harry feel as though it would explode at any second, but then the hat twitched. And then it started singing.As the piece of fabric was merrily singing, Harry started shaking with silent laughter. Greengrass looked at him confusedly, to which Harry responded with a whisper. "The magical world is mental."Rose agreed with a snort, and Greengrass seemed more amused than offended at the slight against the world in which she grew up. Tracey nodded solemnly, and a couple of other children snickered around him.When the song ended, and the people applauded, and the hat bowed to the four tables - 'It bloody well bows!' Harry thought incredulously - McGonagall unraveled a long parchment.Before she could speak, Harry glanced upwards from the hat and all the amusement in his body vanished. The man sitting on the largest chair in the room, in a golden throne decorated with pointy bits and bobs and who seemed to fit right into the elderly man with a long, flowing white beard dressed in brown robes with ornate decorations and a strange hat could only be Dumbledore.Harry felt his temper rise and only thought of Rose's letters to keep himself from screaming, but his anger was not hot and unwieldy as the one he had shown in Gringotts. This was the cold fury he was familiar with in the orphanage, the one he could work with. There were no sounds around him as the old man finally turned to face him. After a brief moment, the man's eyes widened minutely, for a reason Harry could not understand.There was a cold feeling surrounding Harry now. He could feel the hairs on his body acutely, and he could feel his fringe banging around his forehead. Something pulled on his arm, but he stayed still, staring at the man. He hadn't blinked in a while, but he was so consumed by anger that he couldn't even remember breathing.Suddenly, something crashed against his chest and he broke eye contact with Dumbledore. He blinked in surprise when he noticed Rose was hugging him fiercely and whispering in his ear."Harry, calm down, please," she said weakly. She tightened her hold even further before continuing. "You're scaring me."Harry blinked in shock again and wondered why he had scared his sister, and looked around him to understand what had happened. The other students had cleared a wide berth for him, making him the center of a circle. The only people inside the circle were him, Rose, and Daphne. Rose was hugging him fiercely while Daphne was looking at him wide-eyed and with her mouth slightly open.Peering downwards, Harry noticed the ground around him was frozen, and the candles directly above him had their flames extinguished. The goblets and plates closest to him had also frozen, and some students were looking at the tableware in astonishment. More than that, the entire Great Hall was looking directly at him, some with fear, others with respect, most with shock. The professors similarly looked surprised, except Dumbledore, who looked on with a sad, resigned kind of smile, which Harry couldn't decipher.Rose hadn't let go of him, but Harry kissed her hair softly. "I'm sorry for scaring you, I didn't know what I did.""You were shining," Daphne said softly. "Your magic flared out and started freezing everything around you."Rose nodded against his chest. "Your eyes were glowing and your hair was flowing weirdly. I thought you were going to pass out for a second.""I'm sorry," Harry whispered. Rose nodded again, hugged him tightly one more time for good measure, and let go, before taking a half step back and looking at her brother's eyes."It's okay," she said weakly, offering a faltering grin. "You got angry, didn't you?"Before Harry could respond, McGonagall cleared her throat and spoke in a clear voice, calling attention to herself in the tense room."When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said. "Abbot, Hannah!"A girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of the mass of eleven-year-olds and sat daintily on the stool to be sorted.After a couple of seconds, the hat bellowed "HUFFLEPUFF", and the appropriate table clapped animatedly, with a few others from the three remaining tables clapping politely in the same vein."Bones, Susan!""Remember what I told you about how you weren't going to have to worry much about the Hierarchy in your first year?" Greengrass asked calmly, looking at Harry."HUFFLEPUFF!" The cute redhead scuttled about and sat next to the Abbot girl and started talking rapidly."Yes?""Well, you can forget about that.""Boot, Terry!""Why would I have to?" Harry frowned confusedly."After your show of power," Daphne was interrupted by a loud 'RAVENCLAW' before McGonagall called for 'Brocklehurst, Mandy', "I doubt the older students won't want to get you on their side.""What do you mean?""RAVENCLAW!""The third to fifth years are going to try to endear themselves to you because they think you are going to use your power to support them when they get to be sixth or seventh years," Greengrass explained in an undertone."Brown, Lavender!""I didn't know I was that powerful," Harry mumbled pensively. He could use this to his advantage, but he was also hoping for a calm First Year at Hogwarts. Making waves now would help Rose, but it would drive him further into places she didn't want him to go much earlier than anticipated.He was driven out of his gloominess by thinking about how Malfoy was probably having second thoughts about him being insignificant."Please," Daphne scoffed, much less elegantly this time. "Your magic flared visibly, with sufficient strength to freeze several instruments and drop the temperature several degrees, and you blew out candles sustained by the magic imbued within the castle itself!""GRYFFINDOR!""There's no way of telling if you are going to be a great wizard or not yet because you could have poor control," Daphne continued. "But you almost certainly are the most powerful First Year here.""Well, that's good for my future and pants for my present," Harry sighed."Bulstrode, Milicent!""It's great for our future, Potter," Greengrass whispered, looking intensely at him."Our?" Harry asked with raised eyebrows."SLYTHERIN!""Our," Daphne nodded before turning forwards. "I said you had nothing to give me back yet on the train, but I've decided. You have your magical strength to give me, and I have the cultural and political mindset to help you.""Isn't a precocious alliance unwise, Greengrass?" Harry asked with a raised eyebrow and a mocking smirk."Your magic is a drama queen," she responded with an equally mocking smirk. "That screams Slytherin, Potter. An alliance between us two won't mean anything now but give us some years and we can turn Slytherin into ours." She finished her phrase with a determined gleam in her eyes."Davis, Tracey!""Well, I was owning you one," Harry sighed before offering his hand, which she shook immediately. "Might as well get something out of the deal for myself.""Pleasure being your ally, Potter.""SLYTHERIN!""Finch-Fletchley, Justin!""Hopefully friends, eventually," Harry said tentatively."Hopefully," Daphne nodded after a moment of analyzing him."HUFFLEPUFF!"The first truly long sorting came with the girl they had met on the train. 'Granger, Hermione!' stood there beneath the hat squirming and wringing nervously her hands for a long time, her face scrunching and relaxing and scrunching and relaxing in odd intervals before her shoulders slumped in relief at the same time the hat yelled "GRYFFINDOR!""Greengrass, Daphne" was sorted almost immediately into Slytherin, and sat calmly alongside the new sortings on the edge of the table.The following sortings were not as eventful. 'Longbottom, Neville' was so excited to be sorted into Gryffindor after a minute of deliberation that he forgot to get rid of the hat on his head, which made the Great Hall laugh raucously. 'Malfoy, Draco' strutted arrogantly to the hat, which barely touched his platinum blonde hair before it screamed Slytherin. He tried to sit next to Daphne, but one silent raising of the eyebrow and a cool stare made his approach falter and he sat on the other side of the table near two oversized kids named Crabbe and Goyle.Finally, McGonagall called, "Potter, Harry!"With long strides, avoiding both eye contact with Dumbledore and the whispers about him being the Girl-Who-Lived's secret twin - and the less frequent but also present whispers about his magic show previously - he sat on the stool and thought of Rose's letters to quell his emerging nervousness."Oh," said a voice inside his head, making him startle slightly and blink in surprise. "It is very rare for an eleven-year-old to have even the slightest mental protections. How intriguing?""Mental protections?" Harry asked confused, inside his head. "How are you inside my head?""I am charmed to read a student's memories and personality and sort them accordingly, Mr. Potter," the hat said in a rusty voice. "As for mental protections, you will learn about them eventually. They are not very strong at the moment, but they're here. Why don't you stop thinking about Miss Potter's letters to make my job easier, hm?"Harry did and felt an odd feeling in his mind as the hat perused gently. It wasn't unpleasant, but he wouldn't miss the feeling."Most people don't even feel my scanning!" The hat said delightedly. "You are going to be an interesting one, I can tell. If you ever pass by Albus' office, please do put me on again. I'd like to talk to you later."The mention of Dumbledore's name made his temper flare briefly before he contained it with a deep breath."Oooh, how much anger, Mr. Potter. I can't say I blame you, however. You have a very clinical approach to your emotions. That seemed to serve you very well in the orphanage," the hat said. Harry stiffened at the mention of the orphanage - no matter how he already knew the hat was reading his mind, in a way, that part of his life was private. "Worry not, I can't reveal your secrets to anyone in the castle, not even the Headmaster.""Good," Harry sighed inwardly."Hmm, you certainly are ferociously loyal to your sister, but loyalty to family is hardly enough to qualify you for Hufflepuff. Hard-working too, but that seems to be guided towards your sense of ambition. A clever mind, very analytical, well-suited for Ravenclaw. But your love of knowledge is not from knowledge itself, you learn for a purpose."Harry waited as the hat drawled on. This was the weirdest personality test of all time."A noble spirit. Gryffindor would do you nicely. It would tame your anger, better than all other Houses," Harry felt his stomach twitch a bit at the prospect. He was concerned about his temper. "It would turn it into determined fierceness. You certainly could do well in Gryffindor.""I sense a very strong but coming up," Harry quipped good-naturedly, ignoring the tenseness he felt at the moment."You are correct," the hat chuckled merrily. "You have a keen mind, a Slytherin's mind, don't you? But you must be aware, Mr. Potter, that not all is well in the House of Serpents. Salazar was a difficult man, complex and manipulative, but he was not evil. His legacy has been changed greatly over the past decades from what it once was. If you and Miss Greengrass truly wish to mold the House into your own, you will be met by challenges every step of the way.""I understand," Harry said seriously."I don't believe you do," the hat responded with a hint of amusement poorly hidden under a torrent of great sadness. "Nevertheless, it will be SLYTHERIN!"Harry only noticed that the last word was shouted when the green table erupted into cheers a couple of seconds after his sorting was ended. His uniform turned green and silver. He locked eyes with his sister, who was already moving forwards without being called forth, and they hugged tightly. Harry chuckled slightly and she whispered."Together forever, right?""Together forever, Rose.""Good," she sniffed. "Because I wouldn't survive in Slytherin.""You'll do well regardless." McGonagall cleared her throat impatiently and Rose went to the stall. Harry sat next to Daphne, who smirked slightly and nodded politely and ignored Malfoy's speculative gleam from across the table.Meanwhile, Rose sat down on the stool and the hat was put in her head."Hello, Miss Potter.""Hello, Hat!" She said excitedly inside her mind."Ah, an excited one!" The hat claimed happily. "Most people are too astounded by my voice to greet me, did you know that?""That's very rude of them.""I think so too, Miss Potter. I told your brother that he ought to talk to me when he swings by Albus' office, and it would amuse me to talk to you as well. You certainly have an interesting mind.""I can only hope it's interesting, it's the only one I have." She thought cheekily, before sobering and continuing in a darker tone. "Harry is very angry at Dumbledore, and I'm not happy with him either.""Certainly understandable. Considering your home life, I'd imagine you be the angrier sibling." Rose stiffened and blanched when the hat mentioned the Dursley's, but before she could drift off into the worst moments of her life, the hat continued in a reassuring voice. "Worry not, Miss Potter, your secrets are safe with me.""I see," she said weakly and stayed quiet under the stool. She looked to the magic surrounding her to get her mood up, but even the Great Hall was shining in a dimmer light after that reminder. She looked at Harry, who was looking at her and smiling softly and smiled back at him."Just like your brother, you are full of familial loyalty, Miss Potter. Siblings who have lived together all their lives have less loyalty to each other than the one you share.""I guess when you're orphaned, the connection becomes much stronger.""Perhaps you are correct. Nevertheless, you should cherish it. You are much more appropriate to Hufflepuff than your brother, that's certain. The only House that wouldn't be good for you would be Slytherin.""I thought I wouldn't fit well there, but why do you say that?" Rose asked curiously."It wouldn't be safe for you," Rose blinked at the blunt honesty of the hat. "Too many families there remain loyal to You-Know-Who's ideals, and your presence there would risk your well-being. I wouldn't sort you there even if you had the proper personality to be a Snake, which you don't have anyway. You are far too blunt and passionate to be calculating and cunning.""Will Harry be safe?" She asked concernedly, looking at her brother, who seemed calm, but who was also the focus of attention of a lot of the older members of his house."Don't worry about Mr. Potter," the hat said reassuringly. "After his show of magical prowess here, accidental though it may be, the House will see him as a good tool. Luckily for your brother, he does not seem the type to allow himself to be used.""I hope he stays safe," Rose said weakly, feeling fear for her twin creep into her chest. "I need him in my life.""I am sure he will be a feature of the next seven years at Hogwarts, and you will be a similarly important part of the castle's atmosphere," the hat said mysteriously, before returning to his usual tone. "Well, even after all that show of loyalty, I don't think you would fit best in Hufflepuff. You certainly know hard work, but you hold no love for it. Now, Ravenclaw and Gryffindor is an interesting dilemma. You certainly love knowledge and knowing things, don't you? Nothing could quell your natural curiosity. But is your curiosity born from a sense of adventure and exploration or love of knowledge and contemplation? Decisions, decisions..."Rose remained quiet. Truth be told, she didn't have much of a preference, beyond not going to Slytherin, which she wasn't suited to anyway."Curiously, most students arrive here already knowing exactly which House they want to be in," the hat chuckled. "Many of them subconsciously adapt their personalities around their desired destinations years before the fact. It is refreshing to receive such an open mind. Open-mindedness is an important trait for both Houses, but I think you belong most in GRYFFINDOR!"The Hall shook in applause, even though Gryffindor was the only House clapping and cheering loudly. The noise they made was sufficient to overcome all the previous sortings. Rose smiled nervously and walked to the Gryffindor table, sitting next to Neville. Two redhead twins kept yelling 'We got Potter, we got Potter' repeatedly, and a similar redhead boy, the one with the prefect badge who had talked to them in the train, shook her hand enthusiastically and introduced himself as Percy. McGonagall seemed to be struggling against a smile, while most of the staff table looked resigned. Dumbledore seemed happy, however, and clapped more vigorously than with any prior sorting, while a man wearing entirely black robes with a slicked down and greasy-looking hair sported a mighty sneer of contempt. Professor Quirrell, to whom she was introduced by Hagrid before meeting Harry for the first time, looked as nervous as she remembered him.The group of redheads on the table congratulated their younger brother as he sat down at the Gryffindor table, and the Sorting ended as 'Zabini, Blaise' went to Slytherin.Rose was very hungry and was looking confused at her plate, wondering how she would get her food. She should have eaten more on the train.Dumbledore stood up, and the Great Hall fell into silence. He smiled benignly, which irked Rose slightly - she could only imagine how furious Harry would be if she was bothered - and walked to a pulpit decorated prettily with golden owls and bright feathers. He beamed at the students and spread his long arms as far as they could go. Rose noted that the man was very tall, despite his obvious old age."Welcome," he said happily, with a quiet voice that somehow carried into the room with waves of implied wisdom and experience. "Welcome to another year at Hogwarts. Before we begin our banquet, a few words of wisdom! They are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Enjoy!"He sat back down in his throne and clapped, as rows of food suddenly popped into existence on the table, and the students began eating as if suddenly appearing food was a common occurrence. Well, in a magical castle, it might be. 'I wonder if there's a timetable, like in a train station?' Rose thought as she looked at the food confusedly.She considered Dumbledore's words carefully but couldn't understand anything."Is he mad?" She asked hesitantly to Percy, who sat near her."Who? Dumbledore?" He asked idly, pulling together plates of food in his direction. "Greatest wizard in the world, you know. A bit mad? Certainly. Fancy some potatoes, Rose?"On the other side of the Hall, Harry was picking a chicken breast calmly and trying his best not to freeze the food on his table."Who does he think he's fooling," he scoffed. "Acting like a barmy old man.""You think he's not a barmy old man?" Asked Zabini bemusedly."Albus Dumbledore might be a right bastard, but he certainly isn't an idiot," Harry deadpanned. "I don't know why people fall for the benign grandfather act when it's so bloody obvious.""I don't know," interceded Parkinson from across the table. "Father said he was this way since he was a student here, and Grandfather said the same. The Muggle-lover might just be crazy. Certainly would explain a lot.""You lot should respect the Headmaster," warned an older boy sternly. "The man might be guileless and have absurd ideals, but the wizard is strong and experienced.""I certainly respect his power," Harry pointed out. "I don't respect the man.""The Potter family is traditionally aligned with the Light, Potter," Malfoy said with a raised chin across the table."Do I look like a Dumbledore supporter, Malfoy?" Harry sneered, enjoying the brief shock that appeared on his face before the boy fixed his bored expression."A Slytherin Potter," another older boy chuckled. "And this one looks like an actual Slytherin.""You gather that from just the Dumbledore hatred?" Zabini asked from next to Harry."It's the sneer," the boy smirked, "no one sneers like that and isn't a Slytherin."Those around them laughed, and Daphne looked at Harry with a 'he's not wrong, you know' expression that amused him greatly. Tracey gave him a grin and a thumbs up.The rest of the meal went by in a calm conversation. Sufficiently endorsed by the House given his distrust against the Headmaster - a fact he could tell pleased Greengrass immensely - he chatted mostly with Zabini, Tracey, and Daphne, with Parkinson occasionally interceding. Harry doubted the two monstrously large goons surrounding Malfoy could contribute much to the conversation, and Nott was mostly quiet, as was Bulstrode. The way Parkinson was eyeing him reminded Harry of the expression on the face of the teenagers that were looking for a snog, which deeply disconcerted him, considering he saw her cozying up to Malfoy up until Harry had looked at Dumbledore.Either power was an aphrodisiac to young witches, or his show of magic was more unusual than he suspected.He moaned inwardly, as he thought that this was happening in his First Year, and both romance and power shouldn't be in his mind.An appearance by the Slytherin Ghost later - the ominously named Bloody Baron, who chose Harry to stand close to, something that bothered him as much as it amused Zabini to see him clearly flustered with the ghostly presence - the meal was finished, and the Headmaster stood up once more."Now that you are all fed and watered, some start-of-term notices I must give you all. First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well." He said the last glancing amusedly at the Weasley Twins, who started whistling innocently in unison. After chuckling, he continued. "I have been asked by our caretaker, Mr. Filch, to inform you that you should not use magic on the corridors. Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Any prospective players should contact Madam Hooch."And finally, I must warn you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death." The fact that he said the last part with the same amiable tone he used to announce things about Quidditch alarmed and annoyed Harry. He heard Rose laughing across the Hall, but she quickly realized that few others had and turned to ask questions to an older student sitting close to her, who seemed startled by the announcement. Looking at his table, Harry noticed that the prefects and older students were all frowning and whispering harshly."Parkinson?" Harry asked politely, and the girl turned to face him. "Forget what I said, you are clearly right. He's off his rocker."The girl beamed at him - 'what a confusing reaction' - and the rest of the First Years and some of the older students laughed along, but most of the older students were confused and a bit afraid.'The Magical World is mental.' Harry thought once more.When the Slytherins finally filed out of the Hall and to the dungeons, Harry felt his attention begin to waver and was having to force himself to be alert. As they reached the front of the Slytherin House's Common Room, the two prefects flanked the door to each side. The door opened on the inside, and six students emerged and faced the newcomers in a semi-circle. One of the prefects walked and formed the seventh member of the semi-circle on one of its ends. Behind the semi-circle, a man with dead black eyes and sallow skin looked down his long nose at the students, keeping his gaze longest on Harry.Harry wondered if Rose's night was as melodramatic on the Gryffindor Common Room.
