There laying right in front of her, on her new desk was a book. And not just any book, a plain, old dark leathery book just begging her to open it. Her distress was very evident by the way she gently cradled the book, silently stroking its spine with her left hand. Her middle finger unconsciously following it's edges, reaching one of the pieces of metal protecting it's delicate corners. She could have sworn she felt a warmth radiating off of it, somehow gentle and inviting, just like other books she held with her unusually warm hands.And still she was weary, her last book hadn't been kind, not in the slightest. In all honesty it was terrifying. Horrifying how a 19 year old adult was sucked into a book. Or at least she assumed it was a book. Her friends had finally convinced her to read the books instead of just watching those 'damn' movies as her best friend liked to say. She wasn't an avid reader, not by a long shot, even with her childhood wish for more. Movies were her go to solution to living her dreams of adventure, but still Ve had convinced her that Ender's Game was much better in the book than the movie. Her friend wasn't wrong. So when Ve told her she was missing out when she has yet to read Harry Potter, she thought why not? If she didn't like them she'd just stop, she'd seen the movies anyway. Imagine her surprise when she woke up in the story, having no clue has how she got there, so yes she was head it at to open another book. Especially in a magical world that has terrifying books that gladly scream in your face in the restricted section of Hogwarts....Now that she thinks about it, she couldn't help but wonder what that book might do if she screamed back....So yes she's a bit worried about opening another book, least she ends up in another part of another fictional world, least of all fiction's fiction! She doesn't want to be romanced by a Troll! Damn it!...The least she could do was open the poor thing right? Its not like she has to read it, just ... open it. Its not like she could relish in her new fear of books! Its not this books fault that she got sucked in, literally. Its not like she could scream and run away from it! It wasn't a spider or some rat that normally terrified females, no she was (ir)rationally questioning every book. Hell she was going to Hogwarts for Christ'— Merlin's sake. God, no Merlin this was going to take getting used to. All she could say was how grateful she's at least in the body, or at least she is, a 'muggleborn' not a pureblood. She cant change her swear words over night.She was getting off track, again.Hesitantly and gently she opened the book. Reveling, not words, but tan crumpled pages that have defiantly 'been brought into the shower one to many times. She stroked the ruff pages, carful not to rip the delicate and tormented paper. 'A journal' she concluded. Wondering if the pervious owner even cared for the unused object.She knew how easy it was to discard objects, even drop them without a care in the world, but for her every found object was precious, a treasure in short. Some of her favorite pens and pencils were carelessly discarded on the cold, hard ground. She found them and she proudly treasured them, refusing to let them out of her sight. Sure if she saw someone drop said items she'd return them, but the others were hers to protect and hers to treasure.Staring at the dirty blank page, she felt sorry for it. There was no way she could use it for notes, that's what her notebooks were for. After all it had blank pages, and she desperately needs lines, without them her words, move so to speak. More than the whip from Indiana Jones. So notes were out of the question, but the book still felt so lonely. Maybe it was just the blank pages that gave off that feeling.Rolling up her sleeves and picking up her mechanical pencil, she started writing...Dear Diary, ...

Dear Diary,I have learned a valuable lesson over the last few days, much to my jargon."Be careful what you wish for" and how true that statement is. "Because you might just get it."I don't know where I've heard it, I just know I have, constantly. Odds are pretty good it was in a movie somewhere, I've just seen too many to know which one.Odd, isn't it? How we can just pull information or some random fact from somewhere, seemingly out of thin air. Though to be fair 'fact' is an opinionated term and can easily be argued. ... that and if we can remember it correctly. ...such is life, one big bloody pretzel as Steward likes to call it, thought that was about 'time' and not life, but hey it works for that too! So THERE! XPHow the fucking hell did my life turn into a pretzel?! I mean sure I wished for adventure, but ... I didn't mean Literally! O.O' Okay fine I did... but still. Its not like I thought this could happen... who knew a wish could lead to events turning you into a witch? Now I have to go to a new school. And I don't mean a 'new' school I mean a New New School, weird I know, but I really mean it. Like Really, Really mean it. And I swear its like High School all over again, but with magic.High School, what a time That was. At least I was one of the lucky ones. I knew at least one person in every group, but now I'm fucking screwed! I have no one to nod or say hello to (its amazing how just knowing people through elementary and middle school can get you by the social structures of high school) being the new kid, or well one of them, is going to suck balls! Merlin's balls... god I really need to get this right, its hard enough getting a British accent, though admittingly that was a fun experience especially the way my new parents gave me an odd look when I said 'bathroom' instead of loo or laboratory. ~ sorry, couldn't stop my snicker there. Like Really, who calls the bathroom a laboratory? If they do that in Hogwarts won't that cause a massive confusion and a really pissed off Snape? I smurf that, big time. ...Or was that a German term , Oh well.And speaking of Snape, its like OMFG its Snape! Like ...super famous and stuff, Snape! I just really wish I could remember where else I've seen him, I'm like 20% sure (okay maybe more, I'm still in debate!) he's the bad guy in Die Hard, bloody awesome scenes too. Though I know he was the robot in Hitch Hikers Guide to the Galaxy, but that was a dull role. I know there was more, LOADS more and it sucks I can't check.And once again back to my dilemma, out with my old life and onto a new one. I don't know if I'm ready to go to Hogwarts. Hell, I don't even know if I want to go. I'm not a witch, well at least I wasn't before.On another note, another lesson learned.Do NOT under ANY circumstance ...go to bed with your windows open. THOSE DAMN EYES DON"T FUCK'N BLINK! I mean Sure it brought my letter, but Damn it! I need my throat, thank you very much. Shut up I know you're laughing! I've never had a bird on my chest before! What the hell was I supposed to do? Kiss the damn thing?!*sigh* what ever. I give up. You can laugh....Maybe I should give up the other thing to and just be a witch, I mean it does come with perks. What kind of kid hasn't dreamed of magic? I know I have, just, not like this. Mine was more power and RPG magic than wand waving. I mean how stupid is it to rely on a wand? It helps don't get me wrong, but there's just too much reliance on the wand, EVERYONE has a wand and can't do magic if it gets stolen and/ or broken. Its like the other kids who depend on calculators instead of their brains, its ment to help not hinder, but maybe I'm jut talking out of my ass.That and the wand maker was waaaaay to close for comfort. Like really, almost kneed the bastard he was too close. That jerk.Well anyway, nearing the end of the page, fun. What do you think? Should I write a Page a day to keep my mind at bay? Yeah, I know its corny, but to be honest... this helps at least a little bit. Its not everyday you get introduced to new worlds.Thanks a lot you've really helped.Sincerely,Harmony Tauris P.S. What the hell is the bloody year, cause depending on the year, shits really about to go down, I'd say fan, but Mythbusters proved otherwise.As Harmony, previously known as Zoe Knight, set down her pencil and closed her new diary she failed to notice the letters crumbling into the diary and out of site for one other to see.

Tom Riddle was bored.No, more like Diary Riddle was bored, very bored in fact. He had too much time on his hands. Forever if his plans went through.There was one small, simple problem. Horcruxes, apparently, are alive or at the very least have sentiment. How was Tom to know?Not many others had Horcruxes, so there wasn't much information in the first place and if there was, as frustrating as it is, he would have galdly destroyed any of it's remainders. The less who knew the better. Knowledge is power after all and this is one power he didn't want another to have. He didn't have to fear death, but he'd be sure his enemies would.When he was first created, and how weird did that sound, the pain was unimaginable. The tearing of one's soul, of moving it to another place. But for immortality it was a small price to pay. Though it wasn't as simple as storing said soul in his diary, like he had originally thought, no one could argue he became the diary instead.He knew who he was the moment he became a Horcrux. Tom had all of the knowledge, all of the memories and experiences from when he was a part of the original 16 year old Tom Riddle. Now he was another 16 year old Riddle who happened to be stuck in the diary, his new 'skin', if he wanted to be humane about it.It was a strange sensation when he first thought about it. He could no longer smell, which wasn't too much a bother, touch, now that one took a while to get used to, and move, expect his own pages. He could still feel magic however, it was a blessing especially now, but in the beginning it wasn't a big deal. After all Tom Riddle, no Lord Voldemort, would write to him daily so they could plan. It was nice to finally be able to have a decent discussion even if they were originally the same person.That was another thing, he couldn't 'talk'. He could write, but not talk. He also couldn't hear, but if he had enough magic or if someone in the room had a lot of magic it was easier to sense them. It was interesting for a time. Tom and Voldemort would experiment with Diary Tom's capabilities and his limits. It was especially exciting when Tom found a way to 'talk' rather than writing constantly. All he had to do was bring that person into his domain, it made planning with Voldemort easier.That was also a positive surprise. Tom had a domain in the book, where he could control everything. The book was his domain, outside sources were another story, but not entirely out of his control all he would need was time before he could dominate another's mind. They had found out through a special punishment and then said person was conveniently obliviated.That was how Tom and Lord Voldemort would spend most of Tom's time, talking, planning, and experimenting. Originally Lord Voldemort would write daily, but as his plans started to form he slowly stopped visiting and writing. Fist it was weekly, then monthly till Lord Voldemort all together stopped, he had even stopped sensing him, probably do to a lack of magic.A Horcrux could survive without a magic supply, he was magic after all, but if Tom wanted to expand outside of his domain he would need an outside source to supply the excess magic required. Without Voldemort (or someone else) writing, he no longer had that source. He still had that magic, but it was limited and Tom wasn't going to waste it, he felt better having a bit of insurance.Lord Voldemort's last entry was informing Tom that he was going to be under Abraxas's care. Tom didn't mind, he was after all Voldemort Horcrux. It was the original purpose, the others were just wonderful bonuses.Though after 'time' Tom found they were bonuses for Voldemort. After 'time' Tom found he had a leash, a weakness. One that he disposed with every fiber of his being. He needed someone. And that left a sour taste in his mouth. Tom Marvalo Riddle needed someone. He could live, that wasn't a challenge, but one could only take so much. He could only go over memories so many times, review so many spells that he was now a master of (maybe even more so than Lord Voldemort himself) only so many books he could read.There was nothing new. Everything was the same. The books had helped him pass time and helped him learn, but he could not read a book outside of the ones that the original 16 year old Tom Marvalo Riddle had. And Oh how that hurt. Tom craved knowledge, he craved power. He hated being weak. He wanted more information, he wanted a challenge, something different, he wanted Voldemort to inform him if his plans were working, he didn't even know the date.Of all things not to know, the bloody date! It wasn't Tom's fault, he knew, but it was so simple, something everyone knew. Here though, stuck in his book, he could not know witho it an outside source. Time did not pass in the Horcrux. Everything stayed the same. It was a form of torture, the passage of time. How could something so simple as time be so cruel?In the orphanage he could at least practice his wandless magic. And wasn't that another burn. The orphanage, of all places, was better than being stuck in his book.He wanted Out! He wanted Freedom.So when the chance came, he took it. It was easy. An open mind that gladly welcomed him. Walking Malfoy's halls was a relief, but he took too much. It had been too long, in his happiness at the freedom he forgot control. He forgot just how weak the others magic was. He used to share power with Voldemort, of course one of his followers was a pin in comparison to Voldemort's power. Tom was only able to move around and get a few more books before Voldemort put a stop to it. Annoying as it was, at least he got some new books to read.So he spent more time devouring the new knowledge, practicing the new spells and their theory's. But it was gone as fast as it came and the dreaded ever lying boredom and passage of unknown time returned with a vengeance and he swore the next time he would take it slow and milk it for all it was worth..It was small. Like pulses of magic here and there. It was odd, feeling magic again, but a very good, thrilling feeling, but he would control it. This time there would be no mistakes, he would get what he wants and then take it, either his new source would be willing or not was no concern of his.It was still odd though. Feeling pulses of magic instead of the smooth, steady flow. It would be troublesome if the source was too weak to produce a steady flow of magic. Still he would need to encourage them to continue writing. Tom marked his page and set the book down on the coffee table next to his chair. As he stood up the book vanished from the table to its place on the shelf. With a simple thought, the library surrounding Tom vanished. Only to be replaced by Tom's old perfect dorm room.He stood past the Slytherin green curtains surrounding his luxurious dark green silk bed, the dark walls spelled with a window to his first view of Hogwarts, his one true home, the large bassalisk painting welcoming him back to his nest hanging over the warm fire to his dark oak desk to look at his mirror image of the diary. His connection to the world outside his domain.Upon glancing at the diary on the desk he felt a wave of disgust and disappointment, in able to stop his sneer. The writing was in chicken scratch of the primary school level.His Diary, his domain was in the hands of a child. A filthy child. Obviously not the Malfoy heir as all purebloods would at the very least be able to write elegantly. This child was no pureblood. At least the child would be worth something, if very little, for it at least had magic. It could at least become a source, if not a source for magic at least the final price for freedom, after all taking over a child's mind would be excruciatingly easy.As he watched the words form, he noticed that it wasn't written in a quill or any ink, instead the letters were crude as if written by a pencil. Another proof this child wasn't from the magic world.'Well if it's a muggleborn' he thought in disgust, 'at least they won't be missed.'It wasn't until he started reading that he became intrigued as well as somewhat relieved. The horrible handwriting screamed primary level, while the words said another story. What child would know the meaning of 'jargon'? He could only hope the child would be at the very least somewhat intelligent, he didn't want to have to kill the child right away.More questions formed the further he went, but was relieved to read that the witch was going to Hogwarts this year, answering at least one if not two of his questions. Still somethings didn't add up, elementary? Middle? Movies? That and she swears like no tomorrow while trying to switch to wizard swearing, not very refined. So many questions to be answered and so, so much time available."Well.," he practically purred. "Looks like I won't have to be too bored."—sorry about that, my main account is on wattpad and since my computer is out of wack I'm using wattpad as my writting tool, maybe i saved it as a doc x, not sure.

Zoe, no Harmony as she learned her first day here, quickly treaded the stairs to escape to her room. Yes escape. Those people in the dinning room down stairs weren't her parents. No they were strangers, complete strangers. She tried to get along, to at the very least get to know them, but it hurt. She didn't know them and they didn't know her. They knew Harmony. Not Zoe Knight.(—)She tried to get to know them, instead they opted to ignore her. She didn't exist. She wasn't allowed to talk at the table, apparently it was poor manners. They weren't home for most of the day, so 'Harmony' had decided to explore her knew house, the most interesting thing was finding the money. Lots and lots of money hidden in little nooks and crannies, under the couch and love seats, and many other places that only her tiny arms could comfortably fit. Zoe didn't know why, the original Harmony would something like this, but she was getting an idea and one she fully agreed with.She knew the moment she got her Hogwarts letter from that special owl. If the crosses around Harmony's parents neck and the many portraits of the son of god was anything to go by. She had a believably firm idea of what poor Harmony's parents would do if they found of she was a witch and Zoe didn't want to find out.So the morning of receiving her letter, she went out of her way to find the Leaky Caldron. It took her a good while, but she found it. It was both amazing and horrifying all at once. Here was Zoe Knight, walking through the gateway to a magic filled world. For the gateway to magic it sure felt dark and eerie, but still somehow oddly welcoming. Like a black cat that walks in your path then stops to stare, to judge you, then it to continues walking, leaving the feeling of approval. She could almost hear the walls tell her there was something coming, she could only hope... well she didn't know what to hope, her nerves were eating her alive at this point.And the stares weren't helping.She ended up having to explain to the bar tender she was a muggleborn who wanted to scout out the stores in Diagon Alley for her parents. That was the first genuine smile she had received since she had ended up in this world. In happiness and relief she returned it as the kind wizard (she didn't know if he'd think she was rude if she called him old, that and calling the kettle black wasn't her cup of tea) tapped the stone wall, creating, no allowing her into a whole new world.It would have been confusing if she hadn't seen a bit of it before, still she didn't want to believe it. The Hogwarts letter for 'Harmony' should have been enough proof and in a way she didn't want to believe it. Everything was just so overwhelming. Harmony's family was crap, that much she knew, she was a witch and now Zoe had another nail to add to her coffin. She would never see her family or friends again.Zoe Knight does not exist.At least not for her. She wasn't 'Zoe Knight' anymore, for some reason she was now Harmony Tauris. A witch who's family would crucify her the very moment they found out, she could feel it in her bones. She didn't plan to risk it. As much as it hurt, she didn't now if she'd ever find a way back and she owed it to her family and friends to live. She could at the very least keep them alive in her memories. If she wanted to survive in this new world she would have to adjust. For right now (and maybe permanently) she would have to lock Zoe Knight behind a door. An 11 year old Harmony Tauris would have to find away to live in the magical world by herself, or at the very least away from her new parents.She had to learn how to live in the wizard world. For now she would get a taste of the wizards world, window shop, learn the prices and some insight. It would help if she had brought a note book or two to write down the prices of her supplies, Harmony did have a limited amount of money after all. She would have to make a bank account at Gringotts and wondered if the wizard in world had any stock markets. She didn't know much about goblins, and would have to learn soon if she wanted to make it in this world.With that she set off to explore a little and as luck would have it she found a gallion amongst the crowd, odd but useful. So she went to Flourish and Blotts, a book on Goblins would be very important, and if she happened to have some left over t\she hoped she could get a book to write down prices and location.Walking into the store she couldn't help but feel giddy, it was bigger on the inside! Like helloooo! A Book store had become a TV show reference! She couldn't help but wonder if the Doctor would love the treasure trove of knowledge here, honestly she wished she could show him around but its not it'd ever happen. Besides the store reminded her of the Beast's library, just a lot less white and gold. Lost in her thoughts and day dreams she missed a brown bushy hair girl gleefully dragging two adults into the store.Harmony went over to the used book area, it was frugal of her sure but it was a habit she picked up from Zoe's dad, 'a penny saved is a penny earned' he would say. It was normal for them to go shopping for deals every Sunday. With a small smile she searched the shelves. She had to hold back a few scoffs when she skimmed through a few books. It was frustrating how the authors would look down on magical creatures, especially the goblins. They did control the bank and keep the economy going. In America the Great Depression was caused by foolish handling of money, constant lending money out with no way to pay for it. She knew, back when she was Zoe, that even the government would crash if the banks (*cough* other countries *cough*) demanded repayment. Money is a form of power, one she was sure they would eventually use and it was in her best interest to not be on the wrong side of the coin.Finding an ideal book, she went down the stairs and grabbed a leather journal for her notes and paid, unsurprisingly the used book cost less than the journal, though it was a close call, but at least she still had some money left over.As she was about to leave the store, she looked up only to stare in shock. There right in front of her was, in all his snobbish glory, Draco Malfoy and The Harry Potter. She could easily recognize Ron and the twins. She felt a taunting chill run down her back as more nails sealed her coffin. It's not that she wasn't pleased or happy to be here, it was just as terrifying as it is amazing. Just gong between the two was stressful enough. It didn't help matters that Lucius came in not long after. She watched as a hidden battle formed. In front of her was a soap opera.Literally and physically. To her they were both people and actors, people she would never get to see up close and now here she was, standing a few feet from the fight itself.She watched as Harry stood tall in the face of an adult, defiant in his stance, and still there was a taste of fear. Reminding her of his horrible relatives. Berating herself internally, Harry Potter wasn't an actor, not here, not in this world. He is real. He is just a young boy who grew up in hell and forced to fight, Lead a fight in a world that was supposed to accept him. She... she wanted to help even if only a little.But what could she do? When she was Zoe, she knew of love, she knew she was loved. She always had someone there for her. But like him she was now alone in a cruel world. She felt her heart stutter at a thought, one simple, little thought. What if she could be there for him? She didn't know how, but if Harry had at least someone to lean on he could find a time to breath. He didn't have to seem so alone, even when surrounded by others. She continued to watch as Harry stood tall.There was just so much anger, so much tension. The bridge would drop at any minute. And Harmony realized she what she was doing. She was being a part of the problem. Smacking herself hard in the head, she told herself to stop being an idiot, stop gawking and Move!Only she moved too late.Her thoughts having delayed her enough to miss Lucius and Malfoy leaving. Instead of the wonderful smack down she wanted to do, she instead smacked into a little red headed girl. She didn't mean too! "I'm so sorry!" She cried. Frantically picking up their fallen books, two of which she knew were hers and handed the rest to the red head who looked familiar. "God, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to. I didn't hurt you did I?" She asked looking over the girl only to notice a large family of eyes on her, from the group she was previously watching. Internally swearing, every 'bad' word she knew (which sadly wasn't much), as her eyes widened in absolute horror as she took in their faces.Oh, they weren't mad, heck the twins were down right laughing, while a few others were flabbergasted or a bit shocked. No her horror was from acting so stupid in front of someone, from Zoe's world, famous as all of them. Hell it would be like face planting right ing from of Hugh Jackman as you asked for an autograph and desperately wishing you would die right then and there so you've never have to live through the humiliation. She bit her lip nervously, not daring to look at the golden trio, "Sorry." She said again."Oh, it's alright deary." Said a womanly voice.Before Harmony could feel relieved, she felt eyes burning her very being. Slowly she turned, not hearing anything, not even seeing anything. She locked eyes with the man she knew as Arthur Weasley who was giving her The look. Not the 'How Dare you Touch my daughter, Die!' look, no it was how a predictor looks at its prey, starving.With one last quick apology she bolted, completely missing Mrs. Weasley scold that terrifying predator of an actor. Even remembering that he really liked muggles didn't help, instead it edged her on, chanting 'Never wear pants in front of Weasley! Never wear pants in front of Weasley!' It took a while before she felt comfortable enough to stop running and an even longer time to start breathing.Once she finally caught her wind, she started laughing, hysterically. She didn't care she got a few weird looks, she need this okay?! She needed to let it out somehow. It didn't matter if others thought she was crazy, hell she'd even agree! She's in Harry Potter for crying out loud! And she doesn't even know how it happened. Sure she's wanted adventure! She's wished time and time again! But she's in frick'n Harry Potter! She wants to cry, she loves magic, don't get her wrong, but Harry Potter! Others would kill for the chance! Its Harry Potter after all.Fuck. Couldn't she have ended up in a Disney movie or something?! With a happy ending and all that!? Hell, she would have been thrilled to be a plate or something in the Beasts castle! Imagine tying to touch that fluffy fur or those magnificent horns, ...sure she'd probably end up smash a few thousand ways but it would have been worth it! Touch the fur or Die trying!But Harry Potter! Damn it she couldn't breath! Breath damn it!Harry Potter. It was fine in the beginning, but it got got just so damn dark! What kind of children's movie is that?! A movie that sends children off to war by 'grandpa' of all things! 'For the Greater Good!' He said! Dying in a war, she wasn't ready for a war! Hell she planned to off herself if her old world went nuclear (less painful, death by radiation would be hell on earth). A war of good versus evil. Lord she was grateful she didn't end up in 'Lord of the Rings' she would have offed herself before the first chapter ended! Well, she might have waited to see the grey hat wizard who played Magnito, but that's beside the point!She's in Harry Potter! God she didn't even know she was crying, until she put her hands on her face. Letting out a soft hiccup and a few deep breaths she forcibly calmed herself down, now wasn't the time to freak out. Determined, she stood up straight and walked ahead, complete her window shopping now, she could find an outlet later.That outlet came in the form of a leather diary, the one she planed to use to write items and prices on, till she figured she could just use her Hogwarts letter and save a bit of time writing. Why write if she didn't have to? So she just added to the list. It felt really good to get it out, sure she had to be a bit vague in the Diary, she didn't know who might read it. She wasn't an idiot she knows children are curious, even the adults, best to be vague but honest to get some of the stuff off her chest.She did find it a bit odd to sign her name though, is it normal to sign your name at the end of an entry? But somehow it just felt right, like she needed to. It was the polite thing to do after all. Let the diary and others know that yes the diary belonged to someone and yes, please return it to it's rightful owner because, yes she cares and yes she'd want it back no matter how embarrassed she'd be it it was returned.She realized if she really wanted to spill her guts out she would need invisible ink and a black light. Wizards wouldn't even be able to think of that and other muggleborns would just think its an advance spell. She could even make plans to ease Harry's horrible life and possible future events, she did not want to be known as a seer thank you very much. She only knew one timeline.So when she opened her new diary after dinner with those people she was shocked to find the page blank. She flipped the page over, 'cause why the hell not? The chances of pencil bleeding through the page was zero to none, so why not check.And check.Then just to be sure, check again.The journal did not come with an instruction manual, she didn't think it would need it.Apparently she was wrong.So Harmony did what any smart person would do, she tried again. Taking her pencil out and began writing. As any good scientist would do try the same thing over just to make sure there's similar results.Dear Diary,I am currently writing on the second page in bewilderment, yes bewilderment because all that I wrote yesterday is missing, not that I can remember everything that I wrote, but sometimes its nice to go back and laugh at yourself. A true time capsule.Now I completely understand if I wrote in invisible ink but I didn't I wrote in pencil. Unless this book has some type of spell that turns all written words invisible or possibly lemon juice to make it invisible. Never tested lemon juice to see if it was reviled with heat or black lights, I'll have to do that later It'll be fun.Only this time she watched the book to see what would happen...

Harmony didn't have to wait long before the letters on the paper started to crumble into the page. She could only stare in shocked amazement, mouth wide open with only one thought racing through her head, 'Wow'. Only when the words had finally gone did she snap out of her stupor. In a rush of excitement she opened the drawer of the desk that had an assortment of writing utensils. She was on her right way of figuring out how a wizard's journal works and nothing was going to stop her!Hurriedly she found different size pens, crayons, colored pencils, heck even a paint brush. It was too bad she didn't have a black light, though she could go to the kitchen to grab some matches to see if it needed heat to reread what she had written previously. Now since it was a wizarding journal she was 99% sure it would need some type of spell, but what was to stop her from trying anyway? So she started writing with gusto.0.5 pen0.7 penRed pencil Green pencil Pai-As she feverishly wrote more, more of her words disappeared, adding to her excitement. The pencils crumbled into the page while the pens smoothly disappeared and the paint she was writing with was disappearing as she was mid stroke, only for black lines to trade places with her previous words.To say she was speechless would be an understatement.(—)Tom was disturbed.First he was amused by her thoughts on invisible ink. That was until she started writing again. What was that witch thinking?!What are you doing?He wrote as politely as he could, not wanting to scare his new source off. No matter how deranged this witch was, a source was a source.(—)Coming out of her shock, all she could write was,Ehhhh!?Again the book began writing to her, in much better hand writing she had to admit. Elegant cursive glided across the page as she wondered if her Grandma had such lovely handwriting, sadly she'd never be able to compare the two.Sorry, I was wondering what you were trying to do.Uhhh, She knew she was looking like an idiot here but, she could just ask the self writing book, so she swallowed her pride.Just ...trying a few things out. Sorry. You wouldn't happen to have an instruction manual would you?Tom just blinked, before replying to the new source, best to keep her entertained.Not that I know of, I apologize Miss Tauris....What is wrong with wizards!? Do they expect everyone to know everything!? I'm not a God! I mean sure reading a 'dummies' guide to self writing journals will make me look stupid, but hey if I need help, I need help. And way to make me feel old, Mr. Journal. XP Please just call me Harmony or something shorter, I know writing can get bothersome after a while, especially for my middle finger and schools not going to help for that matter.I apologize Harmony. I will admit wizards don't have ...instruction manuals, as you say, but to be fair this journal is a bit special.Oh? Please don't tell me this isn't connected to another journal, THAT would be embarrassing! I'm sooooo sorry! I shouldn't have ra—Tom cut her off, he didn't want her to stop writing.Harmony, its fine. Truly, I found it interesting. Would you be willing to share more? ...No? Maybe... I really don't know. I mean dumping all of my problems on someone else... yeah... sorry about that.Don't be sorry Harmony, that's what I'm meant for.What do you mean?Harmony, you have really good luck. I'm a memory in a journal, made by Tom Marvolo Riddle. I'm supposed to help others, preferably students.Tom.Tom.She should know this. The name sounded familiar to her, but damn it the lobster stole her tongue and she can't really remember, oh well, if it was important she'd remember....Doesn't it suck? Being a journal, I mean.Suck?Hmm, how to put this. I would find it horrible to be stuck as a journal, stuck to the whims of someone else. Having to... cater or listen to someone else with no chance to walk away. It'd be like living in a constant lecture, in other words it sucks. How could Tom be so cruel to you? Did he at least give you a name?She didn't get a response. Slightly worried as well as rightfully pissed at Tom Marvolo Riddle for treating his journal like an object. Well, if she was being fair it was, but ...but what about the journal? It could write back?! How cool was that!Marvolo. You may call me Marvolo.She bit her lip when she read that.He didn't give you a name. She glared at the page and just before the words disappeared, How dare he.I'm just a memory, Harmony. Why not call myself from his name?She could feel the slight amusement in his words.Because you're you, Marvolo. You're an amazing journal that can write back! Heck, you're even better than the Fly Pen! It only did what it was programmed to do, automated responses. You on the other hand can hold conversations, er write, I mean. Its not like you're giving me set responses. ...are you?No, I'm not.See? Amazing! ...And to be honest, I will have to admit Tom's pretty cool to be able to make you, even if it was an accident, but I'm still mad at him.Why would you be mad at him?She bit her lip, not sure how to say this without being rude or insensitive. ...He left you, Marvolo. He didn't hand you off to me like a treasured friend, asking me to take care of you. ... ...I didn't pick you up from the floor at least. ... I paid close to sickle for a journal at Flourish and Blotts, which happened to be you. ...I'm sorry.With those few words the Malfoy's fate was sealed.(—)Marvolo?Harmony could feel the room fraught with tension, and it really unnerved her.Marvolo, are you okay?Perfectly fine.Really? Before Marvolo could write a reply, denying it, she continued. Wanting him to know that it doesn't really bother her. I understand if you'd want to punch someone. Heck, I'd even offer to hold them down so you could punch them! Just... I'm not so sure how'd you'd be able to do that. Other than me hitting their head with you, though I'm sure it'd hurt you more, so we're back to square one.A little violent are we?Violent?! I'd prefer to think I'm protective! Warning the perpetrator is fair, but if the point needs to get across a good smack against the back of their head is very productive and feels really good.Other's would call that violent, Harmony.I know! Irony right? she was quite proud of herself, he didn't seem to be upset anymore. She didn't like upsetting her friends, but its not like she had any tact. Which easily showed in her writing. Especially when she continued with, Soooooooo, if you're a wizards journal, how much would you know about the wizarding world. It'd be really helpful to know what type of door I'm sticking my foot into.Marvolo should have felt insulted by her question, but she was a muggle born so he just waved it off. Besides she was writing, in pen since he had asked her, allowing him to have a slow increase in magic and her questions were insightful, especially for an 11 year old. He found her to be childish, normally he annoyed at someone else's excitement, but she had found out about magic and that he could forgive. What really interested him was her questions.They weren't completely clueless, asking nonsense about flying brooms or something that would waste his time. No she asked a bit about wizard culture and how their systems worked, like she was planning on living there. he had a pretty good suspicion that was the case especially when she asked him about goblins and Gringotts. She wanted to know the best way to interact with them. When he asked why she simply said she wanted to set up an account and see if they invested in stocks, something a child shouldn't really care about unless...Are you trying to move to the wizarding world?She didn't respond right away, but when she did it was simple. YesMay I inquire as to why?Again she hesitated, I don't want to live with strangers.Strangers? Why would you live with strangers?He wanted to ask more specifics but he wanted her to open up on her own, it would make her trust him. She had secrets, he could easily tell. That first diary entry was very telling and now that she knew someone, even if only a memory, was on the other side of the journal she was more cautious with what she said. Which made him slightly regretful that she found out about him, he probably could have gotten more out of her if she didn't know about him. He would have to ask her about that 'year' comment.But in a way, though he was very reluctant to admit it, he was grateful too. She treated him as a person rather than an object, which he found refreshing. Voldemort had written information and they discussed like business partners, while Malfoy was a groveling servant, not much for conversation but he did have his uses even if it was only temporary. He found her messy writing expressive, even with her horrible spelling, she gave him a weird XP when he mentioned it to her, saying she could care less about her spelling right now.Because that's where I am right now.What about your parents. He pushed, wanting to know more. Either way it was a win-win. He wanted to know her boundaries and how he could get around them, but if she answered all the better.They're not here.May I as-Please, Marvolo. I don't ... I don't want to think about it yet.He was quiet a bit before deciding it would be best to show her sympathy, he didn't want to be dealing with a crying child. So he wrote, I'm sorry for your loss and dropped the matter, she was probably still in denial, and changed subjects.How were you able to buy school supplies without going to Gringotts?Originally I went to Diagon Alley to window shop and get a feel for the prices. I actually wrote down the price and where to find them on the list so when I went back I could get them. Can't say I'm too thrilled and 7 of the required books.You should value books, Harmony. Especially school books.I do Marvolo! Its just... I skimmed through thoughs books they're stories!He sighed, annoyed. It looked like he was going to have an idiot to talk to. He was hoping, with her previous questions, that she at least cared for knowledge.I mean what bloody authors portrait winks at you?! Ugh!Okay, he could give her that.I'm just going to by one and if its required I'll get the others, though I doubt it. I could get more from the goblin book a purchased! I mean come on! Literature stories for Defense Against the Dark Arts! If it was an English class I'd understand, but really?! And what with the classes name?! 'Defense against the Dark Arts' pretty biased in my opinion. Why not call it 'Defense against harmful spells' or stuff, heck if they need a cool name call it *husky voice* 'Defend Yourself'!Well, that was a surprise for Marvolo. This witch could rant. What do you mean by *husky voice* and why don't you like the name of your class?oh well *husky voice* is just like saying something in a husky voice, i get bored and like to express myself, writing can be emotionless or easily misunderstood especially they way it gets written, had a few myself, don't remember what they were though. As for my issue with the name 'Defense against the Dark Arts' give me a weird mental image, I'm pretty sure they mean spells but I can't help picturing art projects attacking me, like dark themed paintings and such. All I know is I'd scream and punch a whole trough them. *shrug* what can you do?What do you think of the Dark Arts? He asked, extremely curious. Maybe Voldemort had taken over and didn't let him know.I don't know. I haven't seen them in action. I've only seen them in RPGs. I've seen a Dark Megaman, but that was just corruption from a virus. So I cant really say, I've only seen magic in fantasy games. Actually there was this one game... with Dark Fang, one of my favorite moves. But if wizards magic is anything like the games I've played then there's a system, Water beats fire, lightning beats water, leaf or nature beats lightning and fire beats nature. Simple. While Dark and Light are strong against each other. Magic has a system, and there's a balance, but that's my understanding from games that I've played when I was younger. Magic is a strategy and to win you need to know what does what. I'm sureI'm not 100% correct but each spell or attack should have a weakness, whether it be an attack, a shield or a dodge its just a matter of knowing and right now I'm a level 1 in understanding that. Those assigned books for that class only seemed to glorify the 'true' tales of the author, there wasn't anything in there I could read without gaging.Marvolo was speechless, she didn't say dark magic was 'evil' and he was slightly excited, maybe he succeeded! Magic wasn't outlawed and the wizarding world had finally moved forward! He wanted to know the year, if he had succeeded even with Dumbledore breathing down his neck. Last he heard was Dumbledore had form an army against him. He couldn't just out right ask. He wanted to know about her, but she didn't need to know him so he went with something a bit more on the safe side and it would answer an earlier question.Would you happen to know the year, its been a long time since I was able to talk to my previous owner.Hmm, I'm not 100% sure, but since I met Harry I can assume we're in the 1990's.He paused. How can you not know the year?I didn't check out the news paper okay! Honestly it was the last thing on my mind.But why wouldn't you know the date?Some stuff happened.What 'stuff'?Stuff as in a certain Doctor took me in my sleep and placed me here without my knowledge and left.Doctor who?See! You get it!No. I don't. Who's the doctor?XD Yes. He's the Doctor.Harmony he trailed off in frustration.Marvoloooooo. :) Seriously. He's the Doctor!Why do you keep writing 'Doctor' when the proper word is 'doctor' and Who. Is. He.Sorry, sorry. Honestly its more like an insiders joke. I keep forgetting where I am. The 'Doctor' is his name. Hence why I capitalized the 'D' and the reason why I kept going with his name is that's what everyone says when they first meet the Doctor. Honestly its a lot of fun....Doctor, that's a strange name.Don't tell him that. He chose that name so its important to him.Why would he choose that name?To remind himself to never be cruel or cowardly, to never give up or to give in. His name is his promise that he tries to keep one way or another even when he was lost even when he claimed he wasn't the Doctor any more. Though personally I'd argue with him to say even then he was still the Doctor.Somewhere deep in the hidden forests of Albania a certain snake was getting a minor whiplash of emotions.

Marvolo wanted to hex her. She wasn't giving him any straight answers. Going off on a rant about some alien Time Lord, by Morgana, whoever that was. It was completely irrelevant to his question. He thought he was getting somewhere with her then she went to gush about the Doctor being a fictional character. Here he was thinking she somehow came from the future, which could explain her lack of time sense, but then she had to make a joke of it. That frustrated him to the moon and back.Merlin, he wanted just straight answers!Sure he was thrilled that she didn't have a negative opinion about the Dark Arts, magic is magic after all. There is no good or evil, just power and those foolish cowards who are too weak to seek it.He wanted to know if Lord Voldemort had succeeded in moving the Wizarding World forward, but with her being a muggle born... and only visiting said world only once wouldn't be enough for him. Maybe he could 'convince' her to do some research for him. If Voldemort had succeeded he needed to get back to a safe place, preferably near Voldemort.He didn't want to be bored anymore!He reluctantly admitted to himself that she was, currently, keeping the boredom at bay. Even with all the turmoil of emotions she was putting him through.Merlin, he was getting old.He hadn't felt that way in years, not since the orphanage. Though, unlike there she was... less annoying. Much less annoying. She threw him off his game with her odd behavior. Who in their right mind names a journal or any object for that manner?But... somehow it was, nice.Oddly nice.That's why he gave her his middle name Marvolo.He still hated the name of his filthy muggle father, Tom. When she asked his name, he was going to give her Tom, but ... it felt odd. She was pissed off at Tom, his other self. All these years that he's been placed in his journal, he's called himself Tom and his other self Voldemort, but here she was giving him a chance to ...step out of Tom's shadow.Orphan Tom had to prove himself, fight for himself, mask himself, even once he was in the world he was supposed to belong too, more so after Dumbledore and those stuck up, snooty purebloods. He had to fight tooth and nail, sweating blood his entire life. He never needed anyone but himself. He made those orphans and purebloods know their place, beneath him. He wouldn't stand for anyone looking down on him, never again.And then there was Harmony, this strange, odd girl.She baffled him.She doesn't even know him and treats him like an ...equal.A ...friend. She sees a journal as a friend. A friend that she would ...'punch' Tom for leaving him behind. He refused to admit whatever he was feeling was anything else besides bafflement.She was foolish to trust him, a perfect stranger. She was a puzzle he would need to figure out.(—)Wow, just... wow.That's all that Harmony could think after 'talking' with Marvolo. She did find it sad that she didn't have anyone here who knew her, Zoe, but she was grateful to at least have Marvolo. Its not like she could spill her guts to him, its not like he needs more baggage loaded on him. He wasn't the one transported to a book, er book world. ...He was trapped in a book instead, which could easily be the worst of the two. Which is why she willingly kept writing to him, even telling him all about Doctor Who, he did keep asking after all. It also unknowingly gave her a nice diversion. She didn't know how to answer his question, she would have to check tomorrow when she went back to Diagon Alley, but for now she was tired, like really tired.She supposed it was from writing way past midnight, she was now '11' after all.(—)Her 'parents' had left for the morning, so she quickly got ready. Grabbing all of the money she had scavenged around the house, which surprisingly was over 4,000 pounds. Zoe guessed Harmony had been planning to leave for a long time. Gathering the money and grabbing the Hogwarts letter she stuffed them in the backpack she had, it was easier to organize. Just before leaving the door she glanced at her desk and spotted Marvolo.Pausing she quickly opened the book to write to her new friend.Morning, Marvolo.Good morning, Harmony,I'm heading to Diagon Alley since my ... she hesitated a fraction of a second but he caught it, parents left. Would you like to come? Funny, now she had parents. He sensed a story for that, but he ignored it ...for now.It's not like I'd be able to hear or see, so I don't believe it would matter....if I drew eyes and ears for you, do you think that would work?He couldn't answer that. Honestly, a book with ears and eyes that would be ridiculous. It would look ridiculous. So he finally answered,No.How do you know? Did some one already try it for you?No! What a stupid notion. Why would he have anyone give him eyes and ears?!He thought she'd respond right away, but she didn't. He'd be pissed if she was laughing at him.Did you hear me?What? No. How would I hear you? Dread started to fill him.I taped some paper ears on your cover and back. I'm a little sad it didn't work... you look good as an elven book, I would've gone for Valkin but you can't do the finger thing.Take them off! Now!Chill, I'm sorry. I just thought I should at least try, but you do look cute. He didn't say anything, he was fuming.Okay, okay. Please don't be angry. I don't have any spells in my repertoire so magic was out. Besides I was thinking of it possibly working like the paper cup and string phone. You don't know till you try it.Marvolo wanted to argue with her, she didn't have to be so crazy about it!Besides, now I know your book can't feel. Wait ...can you?I can't feel if I'm being held or on a shelf if that's what your asking. And why would you try a crazy idea like that? I would at the very least like to keep some dignity!Sorry, sorry. But I had to try, no matter how crazy an idea is, an idea is an idea, and maybe it can lead to another solution. How else would I know that animal crackers and taco sauce taste good together.He was repulsed. How can you eat that?! Easy, how do you know unless you try. Lots of things can surprise you. Besides lots of discoveries came from accidents.He grumbled, not caring that she couldn't hear him, and if his room in the book just so happened to catch fire, only he would know.It's too bad I can't find a way to let you hear, but I'm still going to take you. Maybe I could find a book or two that's not on the list. He perked up when she wrote that, at least she wasn't going to waste her summer. Those Slytherin pureblood girls only had boys and beauty on their minds, he didn't want to deal with love and crushes, he'd find a way to send her to an early grave if she insisted on talking about boys.If we're lucky maybe I can see if I can scan a book or two for you, I'm sure you're bored in there.Scan?She missed his reply because as soon as she finished writing she shut the book and gently placed him in his own zip pouch, she didn't want to hurt him as much as possible.Marvolo on the other hand, wasn't thrilled that his question still sat on the page, she hadn't seen it. That bloody witch ignored him and he raged.Harmony rushed out the door to the house, enjoying the pleasant warmth coming from her back, it was very enjoyable, who knew they had heated backpacks in this time period. The Jeta Dad got in 2002 had heated seats, she could get used to this.Marvolo finally calmed down when he got a wonderful wave of magic, deciding to soak up as much as possible, it would be a small form of repayment for her ignoring him.(—)Harmony found it very hard to believe that not even one muggle born had ever brought a backpack into Diagon Alley, explaining to the bartender, who kindly helped her again, just what a backpack is, was immensely difficult. She nearly banged her head against the bricks when she finally had to say it was like a trunk for Hogwarts but smaller and his reply was the classic "Why didn't you say so".The phrase 'kill me now' was right on the tip of her tongue, she couldn't wait to explain what a cell phone was when they finally came out.The first place she went to was Gringotts, she was surprised at how civil they were, not including their deathly glares and razor sharp teeth. She made sure to be respectful and state exactly what she wanted and why she was there. They were pretty ...'enthusiastic', gaining a new customer, well almost a new customer. To be honest, she suspected that they rather respected that a 'child' wanted to make money rather than spend it. Even naming the bank as her account guardian. The goblin she was working with was secretly amused that she out right insulted the ministry. Harmony didn't notice Ergras's satisfied smirk when she mumbled how the bloody ministry bastards should drop dead and how they're fucking up the system.Finding out that Harmony was actually the only surviving 'heiress' of Tauris was a pleasant surprise for both her and the goblins. As it turns out, her dad's Grandfather was a squib. Finding out she now has a few thousand galleons to her name and a small property in a rural area was a hidden blessing. Truly.She may not have been as lucky as those other people who 'might' have been transported into a book, no heir ring for lady Gryffindor or anything special, but she was thrilled to have a place to live away from those people she was forced to live with for the rest of the time before school started, walking on egg shells on a daily basis was agony. And now she could have more money to, invest with. The goblins were much more willing to do investments when she offered them 35% of her earnings, who better to trust the market to than the goblins, especially when there is a profit to be made. She was even surprised when she found out that the goblins had a pretty good handle on the muggle stocks too, and was insistent for them to buy apple stocks, which earned her a raised eyebrow, but Ergras shrugged it off easily.Honestly, if she had more time, she would have loved to ride the mine carts to her 'new' vault, but she still had to go school shopping and having converted enough of her pounds into galleons while putting the rest in the vault made going there a waste of time. The goblins did tell her her property would be ready to move into by the end of the week. Only three days away, which would give her enough time to prepare and maybe 'stage' a runaway from her parents, its not like the wizards would care, or 'know' for that matter.Unless she was Harry Potter....She cringed at the thought and made a promise to see if she could somehow help him with that, but she wasn't an 'adult' and Dumbledore would happily shove her face in the dirt without blinking. So she'd focus on finding a way to help make his time there, if possible, more bearable.After leaving the bank she went directly to Ollivander's to get her wand and the man nearly gave her a heart attack, not just from appearing out of no where, again, but damn she nearly expected that Alien to pop out of his stomach ...or his eye... definitely his eyes. That's how freaky Ollivander was for Harmony. She had a ruddy time trying to get her wand, one of the lights blew out with vicious red sparks, and another ended up shooting boxes upon boxes of wands directly at her head, she wasn't ashamed to say she proudly face planted on the hard wood floor, she did treasure her life after all, even if she ended up smearing a few drops of blood on the floor.Though he was pleased when her wand ended up being one of the rarer wands to find a wizard, "9 and 4/5th inches, Alder wood with a Phoenix feather, quite flexible. Good for nonverbal spells."Harmony actually earned a smile from the man when she ended up naming the wand. The warmth and thrill the wand gave her when she first held it made her think of only one worthy name, 'Indiana Jones'. Ollivander grinned and said he thought it was an interesting name. It was too bad she couldn't explain the movie to him, she wasn't sure if it was out yet. What surprised her more was when 'Indie' seemed to warm up when she called him that name which surprisingly or 'unsurprisingly' sparked Ollivander's interest, while Harmony was just thrilled to have another companion in this world, one that just felt like a long lost friend.Her next stop was Madam Malkins, making sure not to forget her school robes. She was amazed with the shop, there were plenty of colors and decorations around it. She was however disappointed with the solid color style, it made everything super bland.Harmony may not have loved her grandmother's favorite pattern of roses stitched a million times on white fabric but these robes were annoyingly plain. She wanted to add her own style to the clothing be it a mouse or a dragon. She may not be able to sew a dragon from scratch, her artistic sense of drawing was horribly low, but she could easily sew something at the very least. Also she was sad to notice the robes lacked hoods, especially the black robe that had large bell sleeves that looked pretty close to a sith's robe. It was just a lot more affordable compared to the ones she saw at Disney. She knew she would have to fix that and asked Madam Malkin if she knew a good fabric store.At first the woman was ecstatic that someone seemed interested in her craft and with a large smile, happily directed Harmony to a fabric store that sold fabric and thread gathered from magical creatures. They had spent a good hour on the subject of fabric alone. Harmony had found it fascinating that magical creatures hair had specific magical characteristics and was excited too. "It may be on the bit expensive side, Dear, but well worth the price." Madam Malkin told Harmony as she handed the school robes over to the beaming child.With a skip in her step she headed over to Flourish and Blotts, buying her school books, Hogwarts: A History, Beginners guide to Runes, Ancient Rune Translation, Magical Theory, Creature Hairs and their Properties, Curses and Counter-Curses (she wanted practice especially with going back to a high school environment, even if she knew how to be a teacher's pet those children could be and would be vicious beasts), Defensive Magical Theory, Magical Mediterranean Water Plants and Their Properties, New Theory of Numerology, The Healer's Helpmate and last but not least Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander.There was no way she would forget about him, someone who greatly cares about magical creatures.She would admit she loved animals as Zoe Knight, still does actually but she knew she shouldn't get a pet. At the very least not yet. Not when she was planning to run away soon, though she hoped she could soon, for now Marvolo would be enough, not that he was a pet!No, she had a feeling he wouldn't like that. Then again nobody she knew would. She was hoping he would be more of a friend, she was pretty lonely after falling into a book herself. At the very least she would be willing to entertain him, solitude was nice, but not when it was for an extended period of time and never knowing if you'll meet someone else.Even if she was better off, surrounded by people, she was still lonely.It wasn't her world or home. At least not the one she knew, but she would make the best of it, especially since she could be a child again. A child with magic and wasn't that a bonus.It was too bad she couldn't use it right now, she knew how to pack, *cough* stuff her backpack to the 'T' but even that wasn't enough. So she had to bite her lip and buy a trunk. To say she earned a look and a tut would be an understatement. Especially when she walked in with a stuffed backpack and a fist full of items, needless to say she was a mess.She gave the employee a sheepish look, but at least she now knew what she could afford since she practically had everything bought so she could get both the expanding and featherweight charm installed. Planning to add a shrinking charm at Hogwarts to save money and practice.After placing the majority of her school supplies in the trunk, with the exception of a few books and Marvolo she headed over to Florean Fortescue's Ice-Cream Parlour to relax and waste a bit more time before forcing herself to head home. She ordered a single scoop of strawberry flavored ice cream and a glass of ice water (which she enjoyed the ice cup holding the water), completely ignoring the odd flavors such as troll toes, she didn't even want to know. Though the fire breath ice cream sounded interesting.Pulling out Magical Theory, she sat down in the far corner planning to stay out of the way of other customers. Sadly she didn't have a notebook and would have to get it outside of Diagon Alley, but that wouldn't be too bad, 'Harmony' had some leftover school supplies, but note books, pens and pencils were on her 'to get' list. She honestly hoped she could find a fountain pen that looked like a quill just in case quills were required, but she wanted to get away with pens if she could.But for now she would use Marvolo's journal. She wanted to make a comparison to Magical Theory and what she knows of magic from the RPG's she's played and Marvolo's input would be much appreciated.Hey MarvoloYes Harmony?Would you mind if I used your journal as a note book, only for today. She added hurriedly. I just don't have one on me right now and I want to take some notes, if that's all right with you.Marvolo perked up a bit with that. Not only would it be giving him something to do he could check on the progress of wizards and his other self. so he responded calmly.No, I wouldn't mind. Would it be ideal, for you, if I made sure the ink doesn't disappear? a small sacrifice on his part since the ink was impeded with her magic, but he could still see it.Actually that'd be great! I planned on rewriting it on some notebooks at home or needing to purchase some tomorrow. Well then, it wouldn't be a loss of magic on his part. He could read the knowledge with her now and absorb it later, a win-win on his part so he had no complaints, he was more than thrilled on his part.Until he realized how lacking the information was, she was writing down the most basic of the basic information. He wasn't thrilled anymore, especially since it seemed there was less here than in his first year. The thought of the magical world digressing was practically horrifying for more than one reason.Then Harmony started another column labeled RPG and separated it into multiple sections. When he asked her about it she told him 'RPG stands for Role Playing Games, they're the equvilance of non wizard magic theories on how magic works and each section is a specific game and their 'rules' on magic in 'their' world.' He was frustrated when she didn't expand on their world other than, its their world, Marvolo another universe I don't know what else I could say. We come up with it but it doesn't mean they don't exist.He wasn't too thrilled with the lack of information on that, but she seemed to have enjoyed these 'games' she listed. Since he would ask a question and she would answer or expanded on it, which he found some of the concepts interesting, some similar some not, but a lot of the rules of the games focused too much on the more obvious traits such as elemental power being stronger or weaker to another element.Though he did appreciate how the game evolved magic, for instance in Tales of the Abyss they could learn different variations of the same 'magic' but with different elements when they stood in an elemental circle. Magic was a strategic part of the game. Each with a strength or weakness, the only part he didn't like was how 'learning' the magic was wrong. Evolution or repeating a specific move so many times did not evolve magic. Repetition would make you faster and increase muscle memory.Both of them enjoyed the conversation they had on magic so much so that they continued it even after Harmony returned to the place she woke up in. She did mention to him that she took a blood test and found she had a piece of land which she was planning to run away to as soon as it was ready and Marvolo encouraged it, also telling her to work on warding so she could practice magic.After speaking to Marvolo later that night she ended up speaking to Indie and explaining excitedly where she got his name from. Eventually the wand got tired of her ramblings and blasted magic at her, sealing her lips, much to her surprise. After all Harry's wand never did such a thing... on screen.You learn something new everyday and when she told Marvolo the next morning, she could feel the book shaking. Instead of getting angry she joined him in his mirth.(—)A/N: I know Harry and the Weasleys probably met closer to school, but I want Harmony to have some time to practice magic, and besides canon is a guide line and would get boring if followed 100% of the time, so please forgive me.Also does anyone know where to find specific info on HP magic like the in and outs? Google isn't helping and there's some really detail fan fictions that seem to go in depth, maybe that's the authors perspective, maybe not. if you see something wrong please let me know.Please comment and review it helps me improve or see something I missed.ThanksP.S. Her wand is special (0.7 +0.7) 0.7, did anyone notice?
