Word Count: 324There's something so mesmerizing about watching Draco step onto the beach, his bare feet sinking into the warm, white sand. For several moments, Astoria can only watch him, smiling to herself. Draco is the type of person to bare his soul; they have been together for two years, engaged for a month, and she can't read him the way she reads others.But he looks so serene now as the warm breeze blows, ruffling his white-blond hair. All the stress and pain seems to melt away until all that is left is the man she loves.As if he can feel her staring, Draco turns, folding his arms over his chest and tapping his foot impatiently. "Are you just going to stand there, Tori?" he asks, smirking when she scowls at the nickname. "We're supposed to have fun, remember?"She snorts, kicking off her sandals and dropping them into her bag. "And what do you know about fun?" she counters playfully, stepping onto the beach. The sand is warm against her feet, and she feels so alive the moment the grains meet her sole. "Aren't you the bloke who stays in his study, all busy and such?""So, you have jokes? Amazing."Astoria links her arm with his. He has come a long way since the broken mess of a man he had been immediately following the war. He smiles more brightly now, and there's a twinkle in his eyes. He isn't haunted anymore, and she is so proud of who he has become."I know I'm handsome," he chuckles, "but the best view is that way. People come to the beach to admire the scenery, not other people."Once upon a time, Astoria had believed that true love was a myth. Her parents had been an exception, and everyone around them seemed to be trapped in loveless marriages.Draco has proven her wrong. Just this once, maybe she doesn't mind not being right.

Word Count: 337Maybe Dean shouldn't be surprised to find Piers outside, cigarette in hand. He knows his boyfriend has been anxious about this day. Truth be told, he doesn't blame him. Meeting Dean's family had been easy. His friends, however, are his world."What if they don't like me?" Piers asks for the hundredth time that day. Dean notices the way his hand trembles, and it breaks his heart."Don't be ridiculous. Of course they'll like you."And he really believes that. Sure, his friends might give Piers a hard time, but they're all good people. Seamus had been hesitant when he'd heard Dean was dating his Muggle neighbor, but he had come around. Hannah and Neville had been thrilled by the news, while Parvati Lavender had started planning their wedding immediately after discovering his and Piers' zodiac signs were compatible.Piers doesn't look so convinced. He takes another drag on his cigarette, smoking down to the filter before dropping it to the ground and crushing it beneath his shoe. It's almost funny. Piers is a strong bloke. He's witty and charming, and his charisma means he'll be one hell of a lawyer someday. How is it possible that meeting five people could reduce him to a bundle of raw nerves?Dean reaches out, brushing a bit of ash from Piers' yellow jumper. "Relax. You're amazing, okay?""I'm a Muggle," Piers reminds him. "They're witches and wizards. I'm not very amazing compared to them."Dean snorts, eyes rolling. "You seem to forget that I come from a Muggle family," he reminds him.Piers considers for a moment before shrugging. Though the anxiety is still clear in his dark eyes, Dean can see the way his posture relaxes, if only slightly. It's a step in the right direction. Within an hour, once he meets everyone and has a drink, he will be okay again. Everything will be fine.Dean presses a soft, chaste kiss to Piers' forehead and takes his hand. "Come on. Lavender doesn't like to be kept waiting."

Word Count: 377These are the moments Albus lives for. They're sitting by the lake, taking in the warm, sunny weather and enjoying a few blissful moments between studying for their NEWTs. Scorpius' bare feet are dipped in the water, and he looks so tranquil; it's a great improvement over his boyfriend's usual stressed demeanor."You're staring," Scorpius murmurs, and Albus wonders how he can tell if his eyes are closed. As if Scorpius can read his thoughts, he cracks an eye open, grinning. "You're always staring.""Am not."But Albus knows it isn't quite true. How can he not stare? Scorpius is so perfect that it makes his chest ache. Sometimes he wonders how he could be so lucky. Deep down inside, he had assumed Scorpius and Rose would be the ones to fall in love. More often than not, it feels like a dream, and he hopes he never has to wake."Mhm. Sure you aren't," Scorpius says, snorting. He sits up a little straighter, drawing his legs in.For several moments, silence hangs between them. Albus watches as the Giant Squid peeks out from the dark water for just a second before plunging beneath again. He smiles to himself. These moments are so beautiful, so peaceful. He never wants them to end.But they will. He knows that, though he tries again and again to ignore it. Scorpius plans on going into Curse Breaking. Meanwhile, Albus has an internship at the Ministry, and he hopes to have a successful political career."Do you ever worry about growing apart?" Albus asks quietly.Scorpius laughs and moves closer, wrapping an arm around Albus. "Apart from you? Of course not.""But we're going in different directions.""Yeah? And? Every weekend, we'll meet up. Nudity is entirely optional." Scorpius pauses, pursing his lips as he seems to consider something. "Optional, but encouraged."Albus can't help but grin as he snuggles his boyfriend closer. "Really? And here I thought you'd be the one to enforce it.""Hmm… Maybe."Maybe change isn't so bad. It still makes him anxious because this is his life, and he wants to cling to it, to make it stay the same. But maybe there's growth. Maybe this will make them stronger.He's finally okay with finding out.

Word Count: 341Daphne wonders if she's a bad sister. It isn't that she's not happy for Astoria's engagement. Of course she is. She wants her little sister to have the world, and Draco Malfoy seems to be a perfect match.But Daphne's mind wanders from the celebration that's underway, her eyes scanning the crowd. It's silly to think that Susan will come. The Bones family isn't exactly known for coming to such spectacular affairs. And yet Daphne still finds herself hoping against hope.She's so lost in thought that she barely feels the tug on her hand. She might have dismissed it as an overactive imagination, if not for the soft caress of fingertips across her palm."It says here that you are hopelessly in love," comes a familiar gentle voice.Daphne turns, her heart fluttering within her chest. Susan looks beautiful in her dress, a vibrant shade of ruby. "I pictured you in blue, but I have to say I'm more partial to the red."Susan grins, squeezing Daphne's hand gently. The touch creates butterflies in Daphne's stomach. How is it possible that after three years together, Susan still reduces her to a blushing schoolgirl?"I'm glad you made it," Daphne adds."I wasn't sure if I would." A dark pink stains Susan's freckled cheeks. She clears her throat, awkwardly adjusting her weight from foot to foot.They've never dared to get too close in public. Both come from accepting families, but there's always been a sort of fear between them. This is a big step; for once, both seem to shun the idea that there is something wrong with loving one another.Daphne swallows dryly, her heart hammering painfully. "Want to dance?""I would love to."And that's all it takes. They're on the dance floor, heads held high as they begin to move with the music. No one says a word, but they did, Daphne knows she would have no problem putting them in their place.This is what happiness truly feels like, and she is glad to finally know.

Word Count: 576"Remus said you would be here," Lily says as she makes her way onto the platform of the Astronomy Tower.James' shoulders shake with soft laughter. "That traitor," he says.Lily snorts, eyes rolling. She knows he doesn't mean it, of course. The way James and his friends are so inseparable is precious. She moves closer, taking a seat beside him."It's after curfew," James points out.She shrugs, watching as a beetle scurries across the wooden railing. "And what will they do? Give me detention?" she teases, and she realizes how much she sounds like him now. "It's our last night here."The words make her shiver. It's a fact she's been aware of, but actually voicing them aloud makes them so much more real. Tomorrow, they'll be out in the real world. Once upon a time, that might have been exciting. But the way things are now? The war that seems to get more frightening with each passing day? Lily wishes she could be a student for another decade at least.She shakes her head. She didn't come up here to think about those things. It's James that's brought her here. It seems so strange that she could truly love him. The memories of his immaturity are still so fresh in her mind.Yet here they are."So, what's the plan? Spend your last night here in isolation? Pausing for some deep reflection and meditation?" she asks, brows raising. "I like to meditate too, ya know."He chuckles and leans in, kissing her cheek. "You're adorable when you're needy. I should be aloof more often.""Keep it up, and I will push you," she grumbles."Absolutely precious." A moment passes, and his smile softens, his features becoming more serious. He turns his gaze back to the sky above. "It's weird, isn't it?"He doesn't have to clarify. This is a new chapter in their lives. Of course it's weird and unfamiliar."It is."They have their plans already. James will begin his Auror training, while Lily furthers her Charms studies. She doesn't know exactly what she wants to do. Maybe she'll come back here and teach. That's what Flitwick has suggested again and again."There's a war going on."Lily nods her confirmation. Only a fool wouldn't notice how dark the world is growing. It's why it had been so easy for them and their friends to approach Dumbledore about his underground force."We should get married," James adds.Lily nods before the words click. She jerks her head, staring at him with wide eyes. "Married?"He offers her a sheepish grin. "To be fair, I was up here, planning how best to ask you," he tells her, shrugging. "Not my fault I'm impulsive and you're distracting."She isn't opposed to marriage. They've only been together for a short time, but Lily knows she loves James, and there isn't a doubt in her mind that he loves her. Still, it's something of a shock, so out of nowhere."It's a scary world right now," he says softly. "I want to put something beautiful into it."Lily understands. Let there be something to celebrate. There needs to be even a faint glimmer of light in the darkness."I would love to marry you."She snuggles him closer, watching the stars twinkle overhead. A smile tugs at her lips, and she knows without a shadow of a doubt that everything will be okay in the end.

Word Count: 333Lavender finds Parvati in the common room, gazing into a crystal ball. They've been practicing scrying with Professor Trelawney, and it's a skill Parvati can't seem to master. Judging by the frustration in her girlfriend's expression and her tense posture, Lavender assumes Parvati hasn't made any progress."I thought you were studying with Padma," Lavender notes, sitting beside Parvati.Parvati scowls. She doesn't take her eyes off the sphere in her hands. "Oh, she only wanted to study the things she calls practical." Parvati scowls at the word like it's the most offensive thing in the world. "Magic isn't just spells and potions. Try telling her that, though."A moment of silence passes, and Parvati lets out a groan. She returns the crystal ball to its base and slumps back onto the couch. "Do you think I'm pathetic? I can't even scry properly.""I think you're anything but pathetic."The two of them are the best in Divination. For the most part, they're equally matched. Still, they aren't perfectly balanced. Parvati struggles with scrying, and Lavender thinks it's the easiest thing in the world. On the flipside, Lavender struggles to remember what line means what, while Parvati can read palms with such natural ease."It's just one skill," Lavender reminds her."A skill we have a test on this week!"Lavender frowns. She'd forgotten about the upcoming test. Divination is funny like that. It's not something one needs to actually study for, for the most part."They say that mugwort helps scryers," Lavender says, tapping a slender finger gently against her chin in thought. "I'm sure Professor Trelawney has some. Let's see about fixing you some tea."She climbs to her feet and holds out her hand. Parvati hesitates."Are you sure?" Parvati asks, frowning. "I don't want to distract from your day."Lavender takes Parvati's hand and pulls her to her feet. She presses a quick kiss to Parvati's lips. "I'd rather spend my day studying with you," she says. "Let's go."

Word Count: 615Percy looks so ridiculously precious that Oliver can't help but stand in the doorway of their dormitory and admire his boyfriend. Percy sits on his bed, long legs crossed, hunching his back, his attention fixed upon the book. Knowing him, he's been like that for hours. Most people prefer the comfort of the library, but Percy will study anywhere if it's quiet."If you even think about interrupting my routine," Percy says without looking up, "we will have a problem, Wood."Oliver resists the urge to roll his eyes. Percy must be hyper-focused if he's reverted to addressing Oliver by his surname. He snorts, offering Percy a mock salute; his boyfriend is too busy studying to even notice.Oliver lingers a moment longer. Maybe he should join Percy. Their final exams are swiftly approaching, and McGonagall has stressed again and again that Oliver needs to apply himself more. Still, Oliver knows a Quidditch career is waiting for him once he leaves Hogwarts.But isn't this the perfect time to get a little closer to his boyfriend? It seems like he and Percy so rarely have time together. Both are so caught up in their own lives and interests. It's healthy, but it's so bloody lonely sometimes."Be right back."He isn't Percy even hears him. He sees the gentle movement of copper curls, but it's probably from Percy moving his head as he reads, not from acknowledging Oliver. It's okay though. Oliver knows all too well that when Percy starts studying, he's too far gone. At least Oliver can help.…By the time Oliver returns to the dormitory, holding two cups of coffee (he can never thank the twins enough for teaching him how to get into the kitchens), Percy looks exhausted. Oliver wonders how long he's been at it, but he doubts even Percy knows. It's easy to lose yourself while doing something you enjoy. How many times has Oliver gotten so lost in Quidditch that he only realized hours had passed when Angelina lobbed a Quaffle at his head? Maybe he isn't the academic type, but he can relate to the clear obsession."I brought coffee," Oliver says in a sing-song voice.He doesn't wait for an invitation before kicking his shoes off and climbing into bed with Percy."You're an angel," Percy mutters, accepting the cup. "I could bloody kiss you."Oliver smirks and raises his brows, a clear challenge in the air. Why don't you?, his eyes seem to say, but Percy is now too caught up in his caffeine fix to notice. Oliver sighs. He tried."I'll take that kiss whenever you're ready," he says, deciding a more direct approach might be best."Remember what I said about routines?" Percy grumbles, but there's a softness in his voice. He isn't irritated this time, and Oliver takes that as a good sign."Yes, but you've been at it for hours," Oliver counters. "I promise the books will still be there if you pause and let yourself live a little.""Not a good case.""I don't recall entering into a debate."He doesn't expect it to work; Oliver has often joked that Percy is married to his work and simply having an affair with Oliver. But Percy closes his book and pushes it aside. "I suppose a quick break won't hurt," he says, setting his coffee on his bedside table, then Oliver's cup.Their lips meet, and Oliver finds himself melting so easily into the kiss. Maybe Percy's been just as maddened by his self-imposed isolation, not that he'd ever admit it.It doesn't take long before books and studying are pushed out of their minds, unimportant things so easily forgotten.

Word Count: 609"Have you got any spare parchment?"Really, the sight of a single person shouldn't be enough to irritate Marlene. Sirius Black is a special exception. He doesn't even have to do anything. Just existing is enough. Lily says he's a nice enough bloke, but Marelene can't help but be hesitant around him."Yeah, sure.'She opens her khaki bag. It's neatly organized, so she's able to quickly grab the extra roll she has on hand and pass it over. "You can keep it. I have plenty."Sirius grins, and Marlene remembers exactly why she doesn't like talking to him. He's got that arrogance about him that's too heavy to be ironic. "Oh, McKinnon," he says with a dreamy sigh as he leans in. "Are you flirting with me?"There it is. Marlene resists the urge to roll her eyes. "You wish." She zips her bag shut, snatching up her quill with more aggression than necessary, and stares ahead at the blank chalkboard.The lesson hasn't started yet, and Flitwick is nowhere to be seen, but she doesn't care. She would rather stare at the streaks of dust left behind by a poor attempt at erasing the board than acknowledge that Sirius is still there."You know, I really do wish," Sirius agrees, sliding into the seat beside her.Marlene doesn't respond. The rest of his friends will realize he's missing eventually. Remus, being the kind and good soul he is, will come over, apologize, and guide Sirius away. All she has to do is wait.She's sure Sirius isn't actually that bad. He seems nice enough whenever he's with his friends, and if even Lily decided he was okay…But he doesn't show her that side. He shows her… this. Whatever this is."Come on, McKinnon. Why won't you go out with me?" he asks."Does it ever bother you that you are doing exactly what James did when he was trying to get Lily's attention?" she counters.She'd be lying if she said she didn't want to know what he was capable of if he really applied himself, if he let her see the real him. Maybe that's why she bothers to engage with him now. Spending a year ignoring his advances and watching him become more and more desperate is exhausting. Maybe it's time to see what could happen."Hmm… I suppose it didn't really work for him," Sirius murmurs.There's something in his voice that makes her look up. The persona he shows the world seems to be slipping. There is something there, something more. It's the most genuine she's ever seen him."What am I supposed to do to get your attention?"She laughs softly. Truthfully, he's always had her attention, though it hasn't always been the most positive kind.It feels strange to actually have this conversation. She's always been adamant about the fact that she didn't care for him. Why should that change now? Stranger still, she doesn't really mind it. It's an unexpected change, but maybe it isn't the worst thing in the world."Stop acting like this is a game, and I'm some prize for you to win," she suggests. "I want to see the real you.""How do you know this isn't the real me?""Is it?"Something flickers over his face, dropping his expression for just a fraction of a second. And then he's grinning again. Marlene wonders if no one ever challenges him like that. "Fair dues. How about you let me show you the real me at the Three Broomsticks this weekend?""I think I'd like that."Maybe it's time to let go and take a chance.

Word Count: 516Narcissa stands in front of the cracked mirror, studying her reflection. It isn't about vanity. There's no need to reassure herself that she is still beautiful, or to admire the young woman staring back at her. Instead, her eyes are narrowed and critical. How did it get this far? Her head is a whirlwind of emotions, and she is afraid she's lost herself along the way."I can't keep doing this."Remus appears behind her, meeting her gaze in the glass. Their eyes lock, neither looking away despite the mounting tension that the silence brings.Narcissa bites the inside of her cheek. Once, things were simple. She had been young and dumb, and she had truly believed she and Remus could be together. Now her wedding to Lucius is a week away, and the inevitability of goodbye is painful.She is a Black. It is her duty to marry who her family tells her. They would never allow her to become a Lupin."I'm sorry," she whispers. "I don't have a choice."But that isn't quite true. Andromeda had made a choice. She had fallen in love, and that had been enough. Why can't Narcissa be so brave?Of course, it hadn't been that simple, and Narcissa is afraid to suffer. What would her family say? What would they think?"I suspect you don't really believe that," Remus says softly, resting a gentle hand on her shoulder.Narcissa wishes it could be simple still, that she could think without the threat of an emotional breakdown."I'm afraid." Her voice trembles with the admission. "I'm not brave like you, Remus."He laughs and gently guides her, spinning her around so that she could face him. He is beautiful, though not everyone can see it. Too many people only see the scars raised over his skin to even notice the kindness in his eyes or the way his lips twitch when he's excited.But Narcissa sees him. She notices every little thing about him, and she loves him for it."Being brave doesn't mean you aren't afraid," he tells her, brushing his fingers through her hair. "It just means you do it despite your fear.""I'm not a Gryffindor."He laughs and leans in, pressing a kiss to her forehead. "I can't promise you the things Lucius can," he says. "I don't have money. I don't have anything grand. But I love you, Narcissa, and I promise I will always love you."Everything she has seen tells her that isn't enough. No one marries for love. Her parents certainly hadn't. It's what she's been taught her whole life: marriage is about gain and advances.But Remus makes her feel like they could have something else. This is the thing she had hoped for, before the world reminded her how cruel it could be. Is it really possible? She wants to believe it is.She's terrified as she drops her hand into his. Her heart races in her chest, fast and painful, and she thinks it might find a way to escape her body completely."I want to try."

Word Count: 720She should move. Daphne knows that, but she can't bring herself to do it. The rest of her House files out obediently, but she remains seated, her fingers brushing over her emerald and silver tie. Yes, she is a Slytherin, but she is so much more than that. For the last year, she has stood at Neville's side, helping Dumbledore's Army. Is it worth it to turn her back on them now? For what? A chance to hide away, frightened and hoping for the night to end, all in the name of survival? What sort of life is that.No. She will stand tall and proud, and she will be brave as she does all she can to make things right."Come with me if you want to live," Blaise urges, taking her hand in his.If she's honest, he is the only reason she might consider leaving. But she doesn't she can't. This is her fight too. "I have to do this."He shakes his head. "You don't have to do anything, Daph. Come on. Please. For me?"Daphne swallows dryly, her chest aching. Following him is so tempting. Isn't that the sort of thing people in love do? They stay together.But she can't. Not this time. This is bigger than either of them, and she has to set her own wants and needs aside. "I'm sorry," she whispers.Blaise lingers, pain flickering over his handsome face. "You're just going to stay and risk your life? For what?""What's the alternative?" she demands. "The Dark Lord doesn't scare me. I'm not afraid to fight, and I would rather die for something I believed in than hide away and live a lie!""You're making a mistake."She laughs at that. How many times had she felt that way? "Goodbye, Blaise. I'll try to see you again."…This is it, she realizes. It's really happening. "Don't look back," she tells herself, because she knows if she hesitates, even for a second, she might break.There's no time for emotions now. She is a warrior, and she will fight until her last breath if he has to.Chaos ensues around. Flashes of light illuminate the castle as spells are exchanged. The noise is almost unbearable, and it takes so much energy to focus as she aims her wand, casting a jinx at a masked Death Eater who tries to attack Seamus."Thanks, Daphne."She just nods and keeps moving. It's all she knows to do. She isn't a brave and bold Gryffindor; if she stands still for too long, she might lose her nerve.But she doesn't move fast enough, doesn't see the curse that cuts through the air and finds home in her chest. She drops to the ground, screaming as pain rips apart every nerve in her body."Crucio!" In the haze that surrounds her, she thinks she recognizes Amycus Carrow's voice, but he sounds so far away, and it's hard to be sure when he screams drown out everything else. "Crucio!"And then it stops, and she hears the distinct sound of knuckles crashing against someone's face. Daphne cracks open her eyes and sees Blaise there, rubbing his knuckles."I'm sure a spell would have been more efficient," he says, "but damn, that felt good. For good measure, though… Petrificus Totalus!"Daphne trembles as she sits up. Every muscle in her body is weak, and the aftershocks of the curse make moving feel like agony. Blaise kneels beside her, smiling."You didn't have to come back," she tells him."Of course I did. How could I live without myself knowing you're here, and I'm a bloody coward who let my pride get the best of me?""I have to keep moving.""No. Rest for a bit," he instructs. "I'll stand guard, okay?"She wants to protest, but she knows he's right. The Cruciatus Curse is hell, and its effects still linger in her body.For now, it's okay to take a break. Blaise is there, and that makes everything feel a little more hopeful.Smiling softly, just a subtle curl of her lips, she nods. They're going to make it out of this. They're going to do so much more than just survive. Daphne knows, without a shadow of a doubt, that they're going to really live.

Word Count: 315It's a beautiful day with sunlight bright and warm on her freckled skin. If she's honest, Ginny is a bit surprised. Viktor usually spends days like this on the Quidditch pitch getting a little extra practice in. Instead, they're in the park, an intimate picnic planned."We should celebrate," he tells her, spreading the blanket and setting the basket in the center. "Your first professional match is such a big deal."Ginny blushes. "It isn't until Friday," she reminds him, but she knows he already knows. He and her brothers have a box booked already; even Ron will be joining them, though her first match is against the Cannons.Before Viktor can say anything, someone approaches. Ginny is familiar with this. Everywhere she and Viktor go, he's so easily recognized. The young blonde woman stares at him, barely able to conceal her excitement."Hello," Viktor says politely. "Can I help you?"The woman grips her camera, nodding. "My name is Natalie Briarwood," she says. "I'm your number one fan."Of course she is. They all are. Ginny bites the inside of her cheek, but she doesn't say anything. She remembers being a kid and so fascinated by Harry Potter that she and Colin had started a fan club.She lets Natalie Briarwood have her moment, even taking the camera from her so Natalie and Viktor can have a photo together.Once they're alone again, Viktor chuckles. "You will have it happen too," he tells her, opening the basket and preparing their plates. "Then everyone will forget all about Viktor Krum. They'll say, 'Krum? Oh, right. Dating Ginny Weasley, isn't he?'. You'll see.""I doubt that," she says, but she can't help but smile as she plucks a sandwich from the plate and bites into it. "You really believe in me, don't you?""I do. You know, I would even say I'm your number one fan."

Word Count: 595Dorcas is beautiful like this. Her mess jet-black curls fall in her face, and her bright eyes twinkle as she smiles. Sometimes it feels like there aren't enough things to make them smile anymore. The war seems to take and take, and sometimes Marlene isn't sure if it's worth holding on.But then there are moments like this, moments with her girlfriend, and everything just feels so normal. In this moment, nothing can harm them. There is nothing wrong with sitting on the porch, laughing and smiling and carving pumpkins like this is just a regular October night.Maybe, deep down, Marlene knows it isn't that simple. Still, she pretends to be the glass half-full type like Dorcas because she wants to have hope again."Another splash," Dorcas says, setting her carving knife aside and lifting the bottle of rum. Before Marlene can protest, she pours a little more into her already spiked pumpkin juice. "Go on. How does it taste?"Marlene takes a sip, sputtering and choking on the heavy taste of alcohol. "Merlin, Dorcas! I think you just killed my liver."Dorcas rolls her eyes and takes the glass, sipping it. "Oh, you're right. That is foul!"Marlene gives her that look, shaking her head. She's used to moments like this. Dorcas has always been so wild and strange. Sometimes, Marlene thought the other girl could have easily given James Potter and his gang a run for their money."Told you so.""Hush, you." Dorcas takes the glass and pours it out before summoning the pumpkin juice.Marlene laughs softly and resumes carving her pumpkin. The wind picks up, and she shivers, adjusting her scarf to cover the last few hints of exposed skin on her neck.She wonders if things would be different if not for the war, if she and Dorcas would have ever crossed paths at all. Sure, they had gone to Hogwarts together, but they had been separated by two years; besides, Dorcas was a Slytherin, where Marlene was a Ravenclaw. They never had a similar circle, and all Marlene could do was watch and admire from afar.And then came the war and the Order, and with that came missions that left the two alone. Now, here they are. Marlene wouldn't change it for the world."Okay. Taste it now."Marlene is hesitant. All of Dorcas' attempts have been less than brilliant. Still, Dorcas smiles that irresistible smile, and Marlene knows she cannot say no. Grudgingly, she accepts the glass, sipping it. She takes a deeper drink, nodding as she swallows."Perfect," she says, passing it over.Dorcas grins proudly, a soft pink blush creeping into her olive cheeks. "What can I say? I was inspired by you."As they pass the drink between them and carve their pumpkins, Marlene can't stop smiling. Maybe it isn't the easiest time to fall in love. They're losing friends and family left and right, and everyone knows that tomorrow is never promised. Still, Marlene is happy; she can't remember ever feeling this way before, and she doesn't want to lose it.They place the enchanted into their jack-o-lanterns, a soft yellow light flickering within. As they admire their work, Marlene leans against Dorcas' shoulder, pressing a kiss to her cheek.She knows they'll figure it out. It isn't always going to be easy, and they'll always have to deal with fear and worry. But Dorcas is hers. This love is real. Nothing will ever change that.And that is all Marlene needs in order to know that everything will work out.

Word Count: 681Hannah doesn't smile much anymore. Susan understands, of course. Ever since the Carrows gained control of Hogwarts, no one really smiles aside from the particularly sadistic Slytherins. It had been hard for Susan to find her smile again after losing Aunt Amelia.But this is different. Susan can easily handle her own sadness. Seeing Hannah like this, so sad and broken and breaking a little more with each passing day, is too much. Susan has to fix things. Well, as fixed as things can be. Merlin knows there's a shadow of hopelessness hanging over them all these days.And that's why Susan finds herself in their common room long after most of the others have gone to bed. Hannah had detention, and the Carrows like to make sure detentions last as long as possible. Susan can easily imagine the pain Hannah will be in when she returns. How many times has she found herself in that exact position, limping to the common room, her muscles still burning from curses, an invisible blame still aching long after the damage is done.It's just before midnight when Hannah makes it. She doesn't get far before collapsing. Susan is there in an instant, making soothing sounds as she helps her girlfriend to her feet."I'm fine," Hannah groans.But she isn't. No one in their right mind would mistake Hannah for fine. Even with Susan's support, she still shakes and trembles, so unsteady on her feet. Once, Hannah would have let Susan help her without complaint. This war is taking its toll, changing them all; to the untrained eye, the changes may seem small and insignificant, but Susan can feel their weight. She wonders if things will ever go back to normal, or if this is just the way the world is now."Susan!""Look, I know things suck," Susan says, and even she is surprised by her sharp tone. "I know. I hate it too. But we're in this together, okay? I love you, and that means you're stuck with me."In the back of her mind, she thinks that maybe Hannah isn't actually stuck with her. With all the changes going on, what's really there to keep them from breaking up? It would be just another tragedy, smaller and seemingly insignificant in the grand scheme of things. But Susan doesn't want to think about that. Maybe the world is dark, but that doesn't mean she has to let go of hope."You're right."Susan breathes an audible breath of relief."I'm sorry," Hannah adds as Susan helps her onto the couch."Don't be."This is just part of the war. She can't remember the last time she actually felt young and innocent. Everyone is changing, and maybe there's no point in fighting it. She isn't the same girl she was last year. Neither of them are. Just like this isn't the same world from two years ago."I'm a mess." Hannah laughs and shakes her head, reaching up and pulling one elastic from her hair, then the other. Her hair falls like a cascade of golden blonde waves. A soft blush stains her cheeks. "I know, I know. We all are. But I have to be responsible for myself, right?"At least this still feels normal. Sure, so much has changed, and it's never going to stop shifting and twisting into things she no longer recognizes. But that doesn't matter. Not really. Not in this moment. For just a flicker of a second, they can pretend to be safe in their common room. The war is so far away, and nothing can touch them.Susan reaches into her pocket and pulls out a Chocolate Frog. "I thought you might need this," she says.Hannah smiles, that twist of her lips melting Susan's heart. "You thought right."Smiles are too few and far between, and normalcy seems like a distant memory. But for now, if only just for the night, they can pretend. Maybe one day, when all of this is over, they will re-learn what it means to truly be happy again.
