For the first four years of his life, Gale was happy. They lived in a small five room home, just outside of Sevenoaks. His parents were happy.Aurora Blackbriar, his Mum, was an overanxious lady, known in the area for her amazing nature paintings. Her hair was long and dark, shrouding her freckled face from view. Contrasting her hair were her bright blue eyes, which when in the right light appeared to glow.Gale's Dad, Remus Lupin was a taller man, with light brown hair that, despite being in his twenties, had flecks of grey throughout it. He was the only one in the family able to maintain a job, though still found himself fired because of his… problem.Though they had very little to their name, the family was happy, but that changed suddenly."Gale, time to get up."A small boy, with messy russet brown hair, rolled over in a worn twin-sized bed. He buried his freckled face into the bed cushion, wincing when he felt a bent spring jabbed into his leg. With significant effort the boy pulled himself out from under the warm blankets. Stood in the bedroom door was Remus, dressed in a shabby set of muggle clothes."Get up, Mum's made pancakes." Remus told him, then he pulled away from the door and headed down the hall.Gale quickly maneuvered around the small room, practically throwing on clothes, then walked down the hall, though he really wanted to run.Despite the house's overall ramshackle appearance, the interior was warmly lit, with many bright landscape paintings, all done by Aurora, and various family photos, most without Remus.From halfway down the hall, Gale could see both of his parents having an anxious conversation, Aurora kept wringing her hands as she spoke, and Remus was running his hands in his hair. His face held frustrated resignation, his body slouched over slightly, at whatever Aurora said next.Gale's hazel eyes met Remus' amber ones, causing Remus to straighten up and sort of wave Aurora away. She moved over to the petite kitchen and grabbed a few plates, with stacks of pancakes.Gale bolted over to his spot across from his dad."How are you this morning, little cub?" Aurora inquired, as she set the plates down on the table, settling in her own seat on Gale's left.Gale feigned a grimace, "Really tired. Why do you have to go to work so early, Dad?" His gaze shifted completely onto Remus as he faked a whine.A soft chuckle emanated from Remus, "It's a part of having a job. If I could, I would work from home like you two." He shot a quick wink to Gale.A scowl appeared on Gale's face, "Nothing's stopping you." He grumbled, going as far as to moodily cut and stab his syrup-soaked pancakes."Gale Remus Lupin, eat your food, don't play with it." Aurora snapped, "And you Remus John Lupin, I thought you were better than that to know there is no work at the table." Her forest green eyes narrowed at them, but there was a noticeable gleam of amusement in her eyes.The two exchanged feigned surprise, as if they had not expected her to snap, then broke down into laughter. Once the laughter petered out, they settled down and ate the food in front of them, or in Gale's case, eat some of his, then stole some from his parent's plates.Aurora was quick, cleaning the dishes and table, as Remus got ready to leave. Gale moved closer to his father, his whole-body tense and worried, seeing this, Remus knelt before him.He placed a hand on his son's shoulder, "Keep an eye on your Mum, cub. She'll need you while I'm gone." Gale's head lowered.Quietly he asked, "Will you be gone everyday?" Gales eyes fixed themselves to his father's rather nice, if a bit worn, shoes.There was a soft sigh, before Gale was pulled into a warm embrace, "If this goes well, yes, but I will still be home everyday, Cub." he ruffled Gale's hair, then pulled away with a light grin. Gale' gaze lifted to meet his father's. There was a long pause, then Remus stood, patting Gale, on the head, "You cute, Cub."Gale's reaction was adorable. Nose wrinkling and eyes narrowing in a loose approximation of anger, he then huffed and moved away from his father.Aurora laughter filled the small living space, "He's going to start believing you soon." She moved up to Remus and gave him a gentle kiss. She pulled back and began adjusting his suit, "Remus, please stay safe." Aurora said softly, "You know that they aren't all gone."Remus grabbed her hand and lifted it to his lips, "I know, Aurora, I'll be perfectly safe. Keep your wand close." he warned, letting go of her, his gaze shifted to the boy behind her, who was trying to 'sneakily' raid the fridge. "I think you had enough pancakes, Cub."Gale paused, and then proceeded to knock over a lamp, and go tumbling to the floor in a heap. Aurora swiftly turned and picked the lamp up, then began checking over Gale. She sent her husband a nod and watched as he finally exited the small ramshackle house.She easily set Gale in one of the dining chairs, "Next time, wait before scouting for food, Gale." Her eyes were intent, causing Gale to look away guiltily. She shook her head, and leaned forward, "How about you get our supplies together." She pulled away to watch as Gale lit up.He scrambled from his seat, almost falling over in excitement, then bolted into his parent's bedroom. The room was sparsely decorated and filled with a chipped wood bed and creaky greying dresser. Gale opened the middle drawer and began pulling out many painting supplies. Brushes of assorted sizes, with a simple wooden palette, a large Canvas, with a smaller one for him. He dumped it on the bed, then crouched down to retrieve the basic basket that was tucked beneath the bed. Gale pushed the materials into the basket, then maneuvered out of the bedroom.In the living space, Aurora had shifted the table under the window, then had started setting up an antique free-standing easel. She glanced back at Gale, who was struggling to lift the basket high enough to set it on the table. She moved over and helped, then began to unpack the basket. She skillfully set up her own canvas on the easel, then arranged the rest of the supplies out for Gale.The morning went by rather swiftly, as they both painted. Aurora created a beautiful nature scene with a wolf hunting, while Gale painted a simple creature that he claimed was a cat. When the living spaces were brightest, Aurora began to clean up their space, efficiently organising the room around the happily painting boy.Once the area was sufficiently clean to her, she started making sandwiches. The bread was remarkably close to being stale, but besides that the simple meal was good. Slowly, Aurora started doing the chores, making her way through the laundry as Gale played in the half forest, back garden. She was fast, sorting through the clothes, and hanging them, all while keeping an eye on her son as he wandered around.Two hours passed calmly, then a loud crack rang out through the air. Aurora stiffened up, her eyes darting around the environment. As soon as she spotted Gale, she ushered him inside, right into his room. Gale nervously hunkered down in his small closet, as loud voices filled the house."Well, well, well, Amycus… Looks like we have finally found the witch who dared betray the Dark Lord." A harsh, slightly wheezy voice stated. Straining his ears gale could hear them moving around the living area.A mocking male voice quickly joined in the taunting, "Indeed, Sister. Little Aurora will get what is coming for her. As well as that half-breed." They both giggled and began moving around.Gale went still when the sounds of someone outside his door reached him. The person outside stopped right in front of his door.There was a long pause, and the sound of the knob turning, then Aurora shouted, "I won't allow you to touch my home!" something shattered then she let out a sharp scream. The two circled her, that is when Gale made his decision. He cautiously opened his bedroom door and peaked out. Towards the living space, he could see his Mother, and a large puddle of blood, over her was a plump woman, dressed in a dark cloak that obscured her features. He went pale, as he gazed at his mother's form. The Female stood and turned, eyes locking onto Gale."Look at that Brother, a little whelp." the other cloaked individual turned.Gale didn't need much more warning, turning and bolting out the shattered backdoor, down the patio steps, and out into the forest that surrounded the house. He was quicker than the two adults and much smaller. He easily moved through the thick brush and twisted roots. Halfway to his decided destination, he paused leaning against a tree.He took in rapid breaths, jumping at every little twig snap, and the blowing wind."Whelp, where did you go? We planned a nice little party, just for you and you dear Mother."Gale jumped and slipped on a patch of mud, slamming into a rather sharp branch. He let out a loud yelp, as the broken wood dug into his skin. He pushed himself up, eyes never leaving the branch now half protruding from him. His body trembled, and an arm came up to lightly tug at the wood, but he was quick to stop as the pain shot through him.The sound of crunching twigs caught his attention, and he shot to his feet. "Come here kid, my sister didn't mean to scare you." The male voice echoed from a nearby bush.Gale didn't hesitate, fleeing in the opposite direction of the voice.The sun slowly disappeared amongst clouds, just as Gale, stumbled into a small wooden cabin. The outside was weathered, and the door was crooked, and pushing the door open revealed the damaged interior. Inside the simple furniture was ripped and gouged, by what appeared to be claws, and on the wall opposite the door was an old fireplace. Sitting on the mantle was a small vase, only just out of reach for the small four-year-old.Gale shut the door and pushed a rather light side table in front of it, then moved to stare up at the vase. His eyes began to water, and he pulled at his hair hunching over. Which sent a large wave of pain through his form. He straightened up, hoping for the pain to stop, but it didn't.He took in unsteady breaths, as he looked down at the branch still in his chest. Slowly he brought a hand up and grabbed it. Gale's eyes closed, and he took in a deep breath… then yanked it out, sending an enormous, crippling shockwave of pain throughout his entire form. A few tears slipped down his face, but he refused to make a sound.Slowly, and using the broken branch that had once been in him, he knocked the vase down, sending a fair amount of a white powder cascading down to the floor. He sluggishly reached down and grasped a handful of the powder then stepped into the fireplace. He stopped with his hand outstretched, trying to think of someplace that he could go.He threw his hand down, and said as clearly as possible, "Headmaster's Office, Hogwarts." then threw the powder down. Then in a sudden swirl of green fire, he was off. Hurtling past hearth after hearth, barely catching a glimpse of the rooms beyond, until he landed in a tall, cluttered office.He swayed on his feet, eyes barely focusing on the older man sitting at a desk. He was gazing at Gale over a pair of half-moon spectacles, blue eyes filled with understanding. Then Gale collapsed.Gale awoke in a well-lit room, and by his side was his Father. Remus was asleep, clothes stained with dirt and blood, and despite sleeping, he was tense. Off to the side a woman was shuffling some potions around. She turned and immediately caught sight of Gale blinking awake, she quickly made her way over with a tray of potions, handing them to Gale."Drink that darling, it may taste bad, but it'll work wonders." Her voice was soft, as she helped him drink.Each potion tasted worse than the one before, and Gale found himself gagging on the strange earthy flavours. After choking down the disgusting potions, the woman lightly shook Remus awake.He shot up, gaze flicking around the room in panic before they settled on Gale. there was a brief pause, as he assessed his son, then shifted closer. Gale burrowed himself into his father's chest, then finally let himself cry, loud heart wrenching sobs.He knew his mom was gone. If she had been able, she would have been right by his father.The arms around Gale tightened, and he could feel moisture on his head, as well as the shaking of his father's shoulders.Later they would go back to their small five room home, just outside of Sevenoaks. Later they would bury Aurora Alexandria Blackbriar.But right now, they were focused on each other, sitting in the hospital wing of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Shifting among the crowded streets of London was annoying, but definitely necessary. Waiting for someone in that same crowd was borderline impossible. Gale had all but given up on trying to spot his father among the crowd, instead he took to counting the passing cars. One, two, three… and so on."Gale." The amused voice of his dad startled him. His hazel eyes flickered up, and he gave Remus a sheepish smile."Sorry Dad, I got distracted."Remus lightly shook his head, a small chuckle escaping him. He reached out, wrapping an arm around Gale, then moved them forward. It was a rather short walk to the doors of the Leaky Cauldron, it was rather strange to slip into a building that no one appeared to notice, but Gale guessed he would just have to adjust.The two quietly made their way through the establishment, Remus nodded to a few patrons, but nobody Gale recognized. Exiting the backdoor revealed a brick wall, looking over it revealed nothing about what lay beyond it, though Gale was not tall enough to see over it.The two quietly made their way through the establishment, Remus nodded to a few patrons, but nobody Gale recognized. Exiting the backdoor revealed a brick wall, looking over it revealed nothing about what lay beyond it, though Gale was not tall enough to see over it.He watched as his dad drew his wand and tapped one brick decisively. There was a pause, as he drew his wand back in, tucking it away, then the wall opened into an archway. They passed through, and Gale glanced back to watch as the brick arch moved back, as if it had never moved.Remus led the way through the winding street, and Gale found himself watching each building as they passed. Each one was unique, with gravity defying towers and angles.Remus opened the parchment with Gale's school list on it, "Let's start with your cauldron first, Cub." He led them over to a small establishment, with a sign labeled 'Potage's Cauldron shop'. It had large stacks of cauldrons outside, each well kept and glittering in the early morning sun. Gale grimaced as they entered, it was obvious that they kept their better stock outside for passersby to see, as all the cauldrons inside were scratched, bent or rusted.Remus easily picked out the best one and purchased it. He lifted it by the handle, then held it out for Gale, who grasped the pewter nervously.They quickly made their way through Gale's Hogwarts list, relying mostly on second-hand stores to purchase expensive things, like the books and robes.As their visit began to come to a close, Gale couldn't help but point out, "We haven't gotten a wand yet Dad." His hazel eyes watched as Remus smiled in amusement."How about," Remus started, hand settling on Gale's shoulder, "You go to Ollivander's, to go find your wand. I have to go get you something." He smiled at Gale, "A celebratory gift just for you."Gale blinked in surprise, before a small, excited smile spread across his face. He gave a brief nod to his dad, before bolting towards a narrow and shabby looking shop. Its sign read 'Ollivander's' in chipped gold paint.As Gale pushed the door open a tinkling bell echoed throughout the back of the shop. The front was rather small, with a small frail looking chair sitting near the window. Peering past the desk Gale could see the rows and rows of stacked boxes, each one rather slim."Good Morning," an old man with pale eyes, said as he emerged from behind a stack of boxes, startling Gale.Gale subconsciously ducked his head, "H-hello.""Ah, I was waiting far to long to see you, Gale Lupin. You look much like your mother." The man paused for a moment, eyes searching Gale. "A rowan wand with a dragon heartstring core. Twelve and a half inches. A good dueling wand. Does your father still have his wand?"Gale nodded, eyes wide in surprise, it was hard to imagine, remembering people's wands, as well as their faces.Mr. Ollivander nodded, "A cypress, with a unicorn hair core. A reliable one, that one." Mr. Ollivander had moved out of sight now, and the sound of boxes being moved reached his ears. He re-emerged, boxes under one arm and a tape measure in the other. "Please extend your wand arm, Mr. Lupin."Dutifully, Gale extended his right arm, eyes locked on the tape measure as it suddenly shot to his side and began measuring his arm. As it did so, Mr. Ollivander began speaking, "you must remember, Mr. Lupin, no two wands are the exact same, no matter how much they may look it. No one's wand will treat you the same as the wand that chooses you." He then approached with a box in hand, "That will do." He said to the tape measure, then it crumpled to a heap on the floor. "Try this one."In his hand was a simple curved wand, with a simple curved handle. Hesitantly, Gale picked it up."Black Walnut, with a dragon heartstring core. Nine and a half inches. Nice and flexible."Gale held on to the wand for a moment, took a deep breathe, then gave the wand a swish in the air. Before he had finished his movement, Mr. Ollivander had taken it and moved to rummage through the few boxes he had brought forward."Pine, with unicorn hair. Eleven inches. Simple and rigid." The wand he handed Gale was cold to the touch, and when he waved it the chair beside him roared into flame.Gale jumped away from the chair, and hastily set the wand on the counter. Mr. Ollivander just waved his own wand, and the chair was extinguished, looking as if it had never caught fire. Gale watched as Mr. Ollivander shook his head, then turned and wandered back down the stack of boxes, before reappearing with another box in hand. He opened it, then held the box out for Gale.Gale looked between the wand and Mr. Ollivander, apprehension filling his mind. Finally, after a long minute, he took the wand. Holding that wand was vastly different to the other two. This wand filled him with warmth, and a sense of companionship that he had not felt in nearly 7 years. He flicked the wand up, and a bright trail of small white and yellow stars followed its movements.Ollivander smiled, "Well done. Twelve and a quarter inch. Adler with a unicorn hair core. Slightly springy. This wand suggests you are a kind man."Gale nodded absently, as he began examining his new wand. Its handle was carved like a flower bud at the top, with a strange, hooked curve at its base. Two delicate leafy vines were carved into the wood and painted a light natural green.Mr. Ollivander leaned forward, attracting Gale's attention, "That wand will lead you well, Mr. Lupin, trust it."The tinkling bell echoed within the recesses of the shop, as Remus stepped into the shop. He bowed his head as soon as he saw Mr. Ollivander, "Garrick, has he found a wand?"Mr. Ollivander nodded, his pale eyes moving away from Gale. "It will cost 9 Galleons, Remus Lupin."Gale glanced at his father, worried about how much everything was costing, but Remus simply nodded, as he pulled out a small coin purse. He rapidly counted out the money needed, and handed it over, taking the box then extending it to Gale. Taking the hint, Gale tucked his wand back in its box and closing it.As they exited Gale noticed his Father pick up a small animal carrier, "What's in that Dad?" he couldn't help but ask, eyes transfixed on it.His father chuckled, "That is your gift, lets stop at the Ice Cream Parlour, you can open it there."Gale nodded quickly, following his father all the while trying, and failing, to see what was in the carrier.Once they had both settled down with ice cream, Remus lifted the carrier and set it on the table, amber eyes watching Gale, who was trying to eat his Ice cream as quickly as possible."Slow down Gale, you're going to get a brain freeze." He advised, amusement filling his voice. Gale slowed, but he did not pause, even when his father's prediction proved to be true.He finished his ice cream in record time, then pulled the carrier towards him, peering in through the door. The inside was dark, and there was a small mound of cloth against the back. Looking closer Gale could make out his shirt among the cloth, and a small ball of dark fur. Two bright blue eyes opened, and blinked at him, from the darkened carrier.Gale's jaw dropped, and he wrenched open the carrier. He carefully reached in, feeling soft fur beneath his fingers, he gently grasped the creature and pulled it out into the daylight. It was a pitch-black kitten. She simply stared at Gale, as he set her in his lap once there, she stood then placed her front paws on his chest to stare into his eyes.There was a long pause as the two stared at each other, unblinking, until Remus broke the silence."You are much like your mother, so I thought you would like a companion much like hers. She is there should you ever need someone to just listen." He nods at the two, eyes warm, "She just needs a name."Gale watched the young kitten lower herself back into his lap, before crouching down, her butt wiggling in preparation. She leapt up, barely landing on his shoulder, then draped herself across them. She gave a small, very cute, yawn."Alexa, her name is Alexa." Gale said decisively, nodding to his dad.His eyes drifted over to his new companion and smiled.Gale had to go to the train platform alone. Remus had gotten a job offer at a small muggle library, thus he had to leave Gale with a rushed good-bye and quick instructions of how to get on the platform.Kings Cross Station was packed. As it was a fairly busy muggle train station, and a hidden wizard school drop off, it wasn't too terribly strange. There were a few oddities, as some wizards, didn't seem to understand muggle fashion, Gale even saw on man dressed in a pogo shirt, with grey jeans and bright purple suspenders.Gale just made it over to platforms 9 and 10, when another boy, dressed in a worn blue shirt, and stained jeans, bumped his cart."I'm sorry," Gale immediately began, feeling very much out of place in the crowded station, "I didn't see you there."The other boy shook his head, "No, it was my fault." The raven-haired boy looked at Gale's cart, perking up slightly, "Do you know how to get on platform 9 ¾ 's?" He asked.Gale was silent, checking everything the other boy had, then glancing at the snowy owl sat on top his luggage. "Muggle-born?" he asked, tilting his head.The dark-haired boy shrugged, clueless. Gale gave him an understanding nod, knowing that he could just be an orphan from the war. Gale gestured for the boy to follow him.He lined them both up to the brick, in between the two platforms, "All you have to do is go through that wall, don't think about it too hard. If you feel too uncomfortable close your eyes and run." He gave the boy a hesitant nod, then turned and ran at the wall.It was a magnificent, remarkable sight. the large red train was practically glowing. Around it was many people, young and old. Parent readying their kids off, even whole families had come to see off the next generation of Witches and Wizards.Gale tried to shake of his awe and focused on getting his luggage and cat onboard the train. He had to give his dad props, for putting a Feather-light spell on his trunk before they left the house that morning, as lifting the trunk filled with over eight books, up over his head would have hurt.Once everything was secured, Gale let out Alexa, who made a point of sitting on his shoulder, as he tried to find an open seat.He was soon joined by two girls, one a blonde, with eyes that were freakishly large, and the second an average dark-haired girl. Both sneered at his threadbare hand-me-downs, but largely ignored him, as the train began to leave the station.He could hear them muttering across from him. Criticizing his clothing, and his wealth.A soft tapping came from the door, and it opened to reveal an elderly lady, with a large cart of sweets. "Anything from the trolly?" she asked, eyes glancing between the three.Gale got up and pulled out a small handful of sickles, "I'll have two chocolate frogs, please." He requested, body hunching as if to make himself smaller.The lady exchanged the chocolate for his coin, and when it became obvious that the two girls weren't going to get anything, she left. Gale curled up into the seat, barely disturbing the cat on his shoulder, and tucked away his candy. His eyes focused on the passing landscape, watching as trees whizzed by. He sat there, uncomfortably, for hours.As soon as it hit three, Gale stood and pulled out his robes from his trunk. He ignored the rude girls, and moved to the back of the train, where the bathrooms were. Gale locked himself in one, placing Alexa on the edge of the sink, then changing into the robes. He struggled to get the wool vest to sit right, likely because it was a second-hand robe, before giving up and allowing his cat back onto his shoulder.Halfway from his compartment, her couldn't help but overhear a conversation coming from an open compartment."…is it?" a slightly snobbish voice asked.Peering in, Gale could only see the backs of two large boys. A faint yes reached his ears, coming from inside."This is Crabbe, and this is Goyle," the same voice said, carelessly, "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy."A slight snigger echoed from the room.The voice grew angry, "Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford." Gale could stop himself from grimacing. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.""I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," another said coolly. Finally, Gale perked up. He recognized that voice, the boy from the platform."I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," the first boy said slowly. "Unless you're a bit politer you'll go the same way as your parents. They didn't know what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like Lestrange, the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you."Gale bit his lip, before moving forward, "Please, stop fighting." His voice came out weak and timid.The boys in front of him turned, revealing a blonde boy with pale blonde hair, who narrowed his eyes at the newcomer. He then scoffed and gestured for his 'friends' to follow him, leaving Gale feeling rather accomplished.A pale girl with reddish-brown hair, poked her head around the door to grin at him, "Thanks, Freckles!" she exclaimed, arm outstretched.Gale tentatively took it, only to be wrenched into the room and pushed onto a seat in front of her."Nova Lestrange." She introduced, with a quick head dip, then she turned to gesture at the two boys in the room."That there is Ronald Weasley," she pointed to a thin redhead, sitting awkwardly, with a box of Bertie Bott's in his hands.She waved her hands to the other boy, "That is my best friend, ever!" She lowered her voice, "THE, Harry Potter."He watched as the boy, Harry, went pink, "Nova, please don't do that." He turned to Gale, "Pleasure to meet you properly."Gale nodded absently, "Gale Lupin…" there was a small pause, "Sorry, Harry Potter? As in the Boy-who-lived?"The group nodded.Gale sat eyes wide, "Wow… that's so cool."Nova was quick to pull him into a small game of I spy, which turned into group story telling. That lasted the rest of the journey, only pausing when the other three needed to change, before quickly starting back up.A voice echoed through the train, as they reached the end of the train ride. "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes' time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately."Looking at his new friends, Gale could see the anxiety and nerves that they were trying to repress. Nova was jumping lightly in place, Ron had gone white, and Harry looked like he was going to be sick.The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Gale breathed in the cold night air, hoping it would calm his nerves. Then Gale noticed a lamp bobbing over the heads of the students."Firs' years! Firs' years over here! All right there, Harry?"Holding the lamp, was a large man with an equally large beard, the half-giant groundskeeper, Hagrid, if Gale's memory served him correct."C'mon, follow me — any more firs' years? Mind yer step, now! Firs' years follow me!" Slipping and stumbling, the quartet followed Hagrid, and the diverse collection of students, down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. The darkness on the sides of the path, reminded Gale of home, and the way the forest enveloped his home in black."Yeh'll get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here."There was a loud collective "Oooooh!"The tight path had opened onto the edge of a grand black lake. Perched atop a high mountain on the opposite side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers."No more'n four to a boat!" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats floating in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were the first into a boat, followed quickly by Nova and Gale. "Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid, who needed a whole boat to himself. "Right then — FORWARD!"And the armada of little boats began moving all at once, gliding across the lake, as though it were ice. Everyone was silent, staring in awe at the great castle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood."Heads down!" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff.They were all quick to bend their heads as the boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried through a dark tunnel, which appeared to be taking them right underneath the castle. The stopped at a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door."Everyone here?" When no objections or concerns were raised, Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.The door swung open almost immediately, and a tall, black-haired witch in emerald green robes stood there. Her face was stern, as her eyes drifted across the gather students."The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid."Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here."She opened the door into a large entrance hall. It was astounding, to Gale, all he had known was a 500 sq. ft. house. This could have easily fit three of his houses within it. The stone walls were adorned with simple torches, and looking up, it impossible to make out the ceiling. That was ignoring the magnificent marble staircase opposite them, that led to the upper floors."Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your House will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your House common room.""The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own noble history, and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your House points, while any rule-breaking will lose House points. At the end of the year, the House with the most points is awarded the House Cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever House becomes yours.""The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school." Professor McGonagall, regarded everyone, eyes narrowed, "Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and follow me."Gale had thought the Entrance hall was nice, but it had nothing on the Great Hall. Floating about them were candles, thousands upon thousands of candles, keeping the room lit. Just below those candles were long tables, with many students already seated, watching the amazed first-years. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.Gale felt himself grow pale, and his heart quicken. It felt like everyone was staring at him, and in a way they were. He shrunk into himself, as though her were trying to hide for the many eyes that watched the group. There was the sound of shifting, before the room went silent.Gale looked up and followed everyone's gaze, to a rather old hat. Then the hat twitched. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,If you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap!You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a Thinking Cap!"The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.Gale felt himself shake as Professor McGonagall stepped forward with a piece of parchment."When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said.Gale went quiet, and he began to run through exercises in an attempt to calm himself, he jerked his head up when he heard Nova's name being called.She was confident, settling on the stool and plopping the hat on, "HUFFLEPUFF!"And then Professor McGonagall called out his name, "Lupin, Gale!"He shakily made his way up to the hat and sat down. As the hat was settled on his head, a voice rang through his mind."Ahh. The heart of a wolf. You could do many good things. No, your mind is you strength, use it well." Then the voice echoed into the hall, "Better be, RAVENCLAW!"Gale slid off his seat, then sat tentatively sat at the cheering table.Maybe School wouldn't be so bad.Oh boy, am I excited. I have been tentatively working on this in the background, and posting the first two chapters feels amazing. GOD.Disclaimer: I own none of Harry Potter and it's affiliates. That is all.Please Review, and check out my other short stories. If you feel especially generous check out my ko-fi, under Wolfdragonpup. Short stories will be posted there at least a day early, and there is some exclusive art there too.~~~~~ Wolf

The next morning, found Gale curled up under the blankets, while Alexa meowed incessantly beside him. He let out a soft groan and tried to burrow himself under his pillows, but when that didn't muffle Alexa's yowling, he sat up."Why are you so loud?" he muttered, wiping the sleep from him eyes. He then threw the blankets off him and glanced around the room.The dorm went silent, as the black kitten hopped down from the bed and sat in front of a window. Her bright blue eyes focused on Gale, who simple blinked at her.Gale squinted, warily at the other four poster beds in the room. It was odd that none of them were moving, especially with how loud Alexa had been howling. Slowly, Gale stood, and padded quietly over to his cat, then carefully settling down beside her.The black kitten, purred, eyes closing contently. She then turned to look out the window, Gale followed her gaze.Two minutes later, there was a beautiful array of golden light lifting above the horizon. Oranges and reds danced on the clouds, making the shadows appear purple enough to contrast against the darker half of the sky. Gale found himself moving closer to watch as the world came to life.He sat for only a few seconds, after the sun had lifted above the horizon, as then he bolted over to his bed. He rummaged through his clothing and pulled out his robes and awkwardly pulled them on. He pulled his wand out of its box, tucking away into his robes, then grabbed his bookbag.He moved quickly, sparing no attention to the open common room, exiting and descending the stairs. Alexa was right behind him, her tail held high. The two radiated excitement, as they moved, and once they reached the bottom of the tower, Gale had to lean against the wall in order to catch his breath.He glanced down at Alexa, whose blue eyes were on him, "Think we can go find where our classes will be?" He asked her, kneeling down to pick her up. Gale gently settled her on his shoulder, adjusted his bookbag, then went off, hoping to map out the large castle he now called school.Gale learned fast, just how large and maze-like the school could be. He ended up going down the same hall five times, then ended up just outside the great hall. He ran a hand through his hair brows furrowing in complete confusion. How was he meant to navigate for classes? He shook his head, then ducked into the great hall.He hadn't realised how long he had been exploring until he entered. The long tables were occupied by many students, of varying ages, all comfortable in their conversations. Tentatively, Gale moved over to the Ravenclaw table, near to the teacher's table.With great care, Gale began picking out his breakfast, squinting at the few items he had never seen before. He was slow, eating every bite as if it was dangerous, but halfway through his meal, he managed to shake that feeling, and began wolfing down his food.Only ten minutes later, a large group entered the hall, and made their way to the Gryffindor table.Gale shifted, eyes taking in the group, trying to find the friends he made on the train. He must have been focused on the group, because he jumped when a wet paw hit his cheek. Gale whipped around, startled, and stared at a very wet and disgruntled black cat.He snorted, then tried fighting his grin, as he reached over and grabbed a napkin. He had to repress laughter as Alexa, swatted at the napkin, before he caringly began to use his retrieved napkin to dry the wet kitten."Your schedule, Mr. Lupin." Gale extended a hand, as he tried to dry his kitten, as she attacked his napkin. A piece of paper was placed in his hand, so he let the napkin go, and pulled it closer."Thank you." Gale said as he began reading his schedule.He quickly began taking note where his classes would be taken, knowing that would be the hardest part for him, then focused on his food.Classes went by relatively fast; they were startling and Gale struggled to adjust to the social aspect of class.Transfiguration started with the coolest thing. Watching the Stern-faced professor transform from a cat, was amazing, but it she was quick to squash those feelings. They had to take extensive notes, and though Gale was smart enough to be a Ravenclaw, he felt lost throughout her lesson. Then she gave them all Matchsticks and instructed them to transform it into a needle. Many of those in his class managed to affect their matchstick, but Gales had only gone monochromatic.Then was one of the most boring classes ever, History of Magic. It was the only class taught by a ghost, and that was the only interesting thing about it. Professor Binns droned on and on, and Gale had to fight the whole time to stay awake. He managed, but still, his notes were a mess of doodles. Gale resigned himself to reading the material outside of class.Defence Against the Dark Arts, was something everyone talked about, until they took it. Professor Quirrell had stuttered his way through the introduction and through most of the class. Other students began ignoring him, but Gale felt as though he understood the Professor, so he paid attention taking notes seriously.Charms was taught by a tiny wizard, who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk, called Professor Flitwick. Gale felt enthralled, as the class went on, and his notes were perfectly organised, and far more extensive then his even his Transfiguration ones.Then came the worst class, simply because of its teacher. Potions. Gale had been ecstatic at the chance to learn more about potion-making, and he had secretly been hoping to find something in it to prevent werewolf transformations. However, all his hopes were quickly dashed.Potions was in the dark recesses of the castle, aka the dungeons, where it was cooler than the rest of the school, and far creepier. That creepiness was exacerbated by the jars filled with pickled animals, that sat along the walls.Professor Snape, was dressed far darker than any other teacher, and his defining features were his hooked nose and greasy hair.He started the class by reading the register, pausing slightly as he read Gale's name, but continued without note. He finished calling out names and looked over the class. His eyes were dark and cold, and Gale found himself shuddering."You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making," he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word. "As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses... I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death - if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."His eyes focused on Gale's near the end of his speech, sending all of his defenses up. He had no idea why Professor Snape already seemed to hate him, but he had to give him the benefit of the doubt. It might just be how the Professor is."What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" Professor Snape asked, moving to stand in front of the class.No one raised their hand.Trembling, Gale raised his hand eyes wide.The Professor's eyes narrowed, "Mr. Lupin." He practically sneered.He swallowed nervously, "Asphodel and wormwood, when combined make an extremely powerful sleeping potion known as the Draught of Living Death. The potion is well known for being a difficult one to make-"Professor Snape cut him off, "Yes, it is. Now since you appear to be the only one willing to contribute, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?"Gale blinked, eyes going distant as he tried to quickly recall what he had read, "Bezoar's are removed form the stomach of a goat and are an antidote to most poisons." He grew nervous as the Professor moved closer to his desk."And,what is the difference, Mr. Lupin, between monkshood and wolfsbane?" His voice had gone deceptively soft."They are both the same, sir." Gale practically whispered, feeling freaked out. He hands began shaking beneath his desk.Professor Snape straightened up, and cast a look around the room, "They also go by the name of aconite, Lupin. Well? Why aren't you all copying that down?" He snapped at the other students, turning with a flick of his robes.There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise, Snape said, "And two points will be given to the Ravenclaw House."From there it went down hill. The class was paired up, Gale being accosted by a concerned Nova, and told to mix up a simple potion to cure boils. He patrolled the rows as everyone focused on their potions, However Gale had quickly handed Nova the tools, as his hand were shaking so bad."Are you okay?" She murmured, as she focused on crushing the snake fangs.Gale nodded, "I think I will be. Thanks for being my partner."She sent him a smile, "No need to thank me, we're friends, aren't we?" He returned her smile, just as Professor Snape drifted by."Eyes on you work, Lestrange." His black eyes swept over Gale, "And you should be doing work as well, Lupin, not sitting there watching everyone else. Five points from Ravenclaw."He continued past the two, and Gale noticed the many glares of his fellow Ravenclaw's. He felt himself sink in his seat. He pulled his book closer to him, and began to carefully instruct Nova, as he began to stir the potion.The rest of the class continued, with Nova occasionally sending him worried looks, until they finished.As they trudged up the stairs, Nova linked arms with him and pulled him along. The exuberant red-head easily navigated the crowds, before plopping them both in front of Harry and Ron."I know you said Snape was an Arse, but He is way worse." She started, leaning forward.Harry jerked, looking at her frantically, "Did he insult you?" he asked Nova, who rolled her eyes."No you prat, He practically assaulted Gale, just because he was able to answer so bizarre questions, then he bullied him, because freckles was unable to hold a knife."Gale's brows furrowed, "He didn't bully me because I was unable to hold anything, Nova."She scoffed, throwing herself into Gale. She gave him a stern look, "Maybe not, but it certainly felt like it."Ron nodded, "He was a real… umm…" he stopped as he looked over the two. Nova whirled around, eyes already narrowed, and gale felt himself turn just to see.Standing a mere two feet away was Draco Malfoy, clutched in his hands was a familiar black cat. Gale found himself moving over, along with Nova, who had seemingly decided he needed a guard."This is yours; I presume." Draco half-heartedly sneered, thrusting Alexa forward. She didn't make a noise of protest, despite the movement.Gale nodded, arms coming out to take her, "Thank you, where was she?" He asked, he hadn't even noticed her leaving his side during any of his classes.Draco's eyes flicked off to the side, "None of your business, Lupin." His attempted barb felt rather tame.Gale tightened his grip on the kitten, sending Draco a smile. The blonde flushed slightly, looking a bit panicked, then quickly moved off to his table. Nova just looked back and forth; head tilted in thought.A few weeks pasted, similarly to the first, except now he was hanging out with Nova, Harry and Ron. The other boys were quick to include Gale, despite him not being into the same things.During this time Professor Snape got worse, snipping at him for no reason, and Harry and Gale both shared each experience they had with the rude teacher.Then came flying lessons, Ron had told Nova and Gale everything, long before the raven haired boy had appeared, even though it was hard to follow because of the food in his mouth."I mean, technically Harry was in the wrong, but Professor McGonagall is a fair teacher, she'll listen to Harry." Gale cautiously said.Ron blinked at him, "What, he was not in the wrong! He was helping Neville, besides Malfoy should be punished at least."Nova sighed, "He didn't mean that Harry wasn't doing a good thing, he was just stating that according to the Professor, he should have stayed on the ground."Gale nodded, smiling lightly, "And I think Draco does deserve some sort of punishment as well." Ron nodded, seemingly in thought, before he pointed at Gale."Why do you call Malfoy by his first name?""Because it's his name?" Gale tensed, looking nervous."But he's a prat."Gale relaxed slightly, "And?" He sighed lightly, "Name calling isn't a punishment, and beyond that he hasn't done anything to me, so I don't feel like I need to change how I refer to, or talk to him."Ron jabbed his fork into his food, "You've though about that, before."Gale simply shook his head, smiling, as he took a sip of his chocolate milk. Nova grinned then glanced over to the doors of the great hall. She hopped from her seat and waved over a happy looking Harry."How was your punishment?" Gale asked, knowing by the how happy he appeared, Harry hadn't been punished at all.Quickly Harry told them about how instead of being put in detention, he had been placed on the Gryffindor quidditch team."Your joking!" Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about it. "Seeker?" he said. "But first years never… you must be –""The youngest house player in about a century," said Harry, shoveling pie into his mouth. "Wood told me."Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry. "I start training next week," said Harry. "Only don't tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret."Nova was bouncing in her seat, eyes wide.Gale on the other hand looked contemplating, "Quidditch is a dangerous sport. Are you sure you're ready Harry?" he asked.Harry nodded, as he finished the bit in his mouth, "It's not like I'll be going unsupervised. I have the rest of the team, and…" He reached out to grab another Shepard's pie, "The whole school will be at the games themselves."Gale nodded, "At least you've thought about it," He remarked, nibbling on a biscuit, "not many would, given the circumstances."Harry smiled, "I knew that you would worry, so I thought about it."Nova awed, "Look at that Freckles, you matter to him." She teased.Harry threw a half-eaten biscuit at her, she grinned, before swooping up the discarded food and chomping down on it. Gale grimaced, as he finished his own biscuit. His eyes wandered over the tables nearby, before the group continued conversing."Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?" Draco approached the four, flanked by his two rather large companions, that Gale still didn't know the names of."You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got your little friends with you," said Harry coolly, focusing on his food."I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy. "Tonight, if you want. Wizard's duel. Wands only - no contact. What's the matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?""Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around. "I'm his second, who's yours?"Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up."Crabbe," he said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked."When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other."What is a wizard's duel?" said Harry. "And what do you mean, you're my second?"Nova smacked Ron over the head, "You can't just accept a duel for someone else, you prat." She scowled, "Besides I'm always Harry's back up."Gale glanced at Harry who was looking over the two, as the two quickly devolved into an argument.He leaned over, "A Wizard's duel is what it says, a duel between wizards, though it is a bit sexist. Typically, a wizard's duel lasts until one of the opposing wizard's die, as well as their second, or they are incapacitated. The second is basically there if the primary wizard, so you in this case, falls." Gale stopped to take in Harry's face, "Don't be too worried, you both only eleven, I can't image either of you doing to much damage.""And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?""You could punch him," Nova commented her eyes stilled focused on Ron, who looked rather terrified."Excuse me."They all looked up. It was a brunette with thick bushy hair, dressed in immaculate Gryffindor robes."Can't a person eat in peace in this place?" said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry. "I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying -""Bet you could," Ron muttered."-and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and you're bound to be. It's really very selfish of you.""And it's really none of your business," said Harry."Good-bye," said Ron.Nova gave a fake smile, and a small salute. Gale nodded to her. The brunette was quick to move away, sensing everyone's lack of enthusiasm."Who was that?" Gale asked.The other three exchanged looks and laughed.As soon as Gale arrived at breakfast, he beelined it over to the two Gryffindors, and one Hufflepuff, sitting at the Ravenclaw table."Why are we sitting here today?" Gale asked, as he grabbed some toast.Nova leaned back and made a show of looking around, "Hmm, because it's the emptiest table…"Gale paused, "Something happened last night." He stated, suddenly feeling tired. The three nodded. With a sigh Gale, gathered more food onto his plate, then gestured to them.Harry was the first to start, "We went out, for the duel Malfoy challenged me to, and we saw something.""First, it was a set up!" Nova sulked, "He set Filch on us.""The grumpy caretaker?" Gale asked."No," Nova remarked, "The painter. Yes, the caretaker." She snapped."Easy, Nov." Harry consoled, "We hid, in order to avoid being caught. Turns out we hid in the forbidden room on the third floor."Gale glanced up curiously, "What was in it?" he asked."Granger, the bush hair girl, saw a trapdoor, but everyone else was focused on the gigantic three-headed dog!" Nova gestured, as if to show it's size, "It was huge, and it growled at us. I think it was really cool."Gale pushed his plate away, "Wait there's a Cerberus here!" he looked slightly panicked, "But why, they are really dangerous. Why would Professor Dumbledore let anyone bring in a creature like that, especially into a school."Nova shrugged, eyes bright.Harry grinned at them, "If Granger did see a trapdoor, I think I know what's under it.""What?" Gale asked, scratching his head."Whatever Hagrid took from vault seven hundred and thirteen.""It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron."Or both," Harry said, pointedly.The rest of the week pasted without incident. The four attempted to figure out what the object from Gringotts was, but as all harry could remember was its approximate length, two inches, they had little hope of solving the mystery without any more clues.The other three began to focus on getting back at Draco, which they planned, as Gale did homework, only occasionally stopping to suggest ideas.About a week later, as the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone's attention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls. Gale watched with confusion, trying to figure out whom the package was for, when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of Harry, knocking his bacon to the floor, with another owl dropping a letter on top of the parcel.Harry swiftly ripped open the letter first and had difficulty hiding his glee at what he read. He handed the note to Nova, who quickly handed it to Ron, to read.Gale was handed the note, quickly reading what the others had:DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE. It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o'clock for your first training session. Professor McGonagall Gale shook his head and gave the others a wave, as he continued eating his food. the three all sent him wide, but confused grins, before bolting out of the great hall to open the package.Gale turned to look up at the remaining owls, then watched as a small worn barn owl landed before him, a letter attached to its leg. Gale untied the letter, and opened the letter, ignoring the owl as it took off.Dear Gale,I have found a temporary job working as a librarian in a nearby muggle town. It pays well enough, but I doubt it will last past my next transformation. Roxana was the one who recommended me.I hope you remember Roxana, though it has been many years since you've seen, her. She has been helping me around the house, but I have noticed her getting antsy, so I don't expect her to be her much longer.How have your classes been, cub? I assume that you have sprouted off the dictionary definition for many topics, but I do hope you haven't had any trouble with them, or the teachers. Is Professor McGonagall still teaching?Please write, cub, as I find myself missing your silliness. Reassure you dear old dad.With love and plenty of fur,Remus Lupin.

The next few weeks flew by, and Gale had found himself writing many letters for his father and helping his friends with their schoolwork. He was beyond glad that he had found a family that didn't appear to care that he had no money.The lead up to Halloween filled the quartet with excitement, mainly from Nova. On Halloween morning Gale was greeted with the familiar scent of pumpkin spice, which infiltrated every nook and cranny of the school. Even better, Professor Flitwick taught them to levitate objects.Gale was in a fantastic mood, when he joined the group in the great hall, which went crashing down when Nova and Harry told him what Ron had done.Gale shook his head, baffled, "Why?""I mean, is what I said wrong?" Ron asked, looking extremely awkward.Gale gaped at him, even as Alexa hopped from his shoulder, and moved over to scratch Ron."Oww, you bloody cat!" He yelped, pulling away from the calm black cat, "Control her." Ron snapped.Gale shook his head, "You bleeding deserve it, I'm an awful lot like her Ron." He pointed out, as he reached for a biscuit, then dropped it in his gravy."You don't act like a know-it-all." Ron stated.Gale was quick to retort, "I have anxiety." He sent the red head a sharp look.Ron wrinkled his nose and turned to his food.Nova shook her head, and reached out to grab a jacket potato, at the same time as Harry. Mere seconds later, Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.Everyone turned to stare as he reached Professor Dumbledore's chair, slumped against the table, and gasped out, "Troll - in the dungeons - thought you ought to know."He then sank to the floor, having fainted.Everyone in the hall began to freak out, it took quite a few attempts for Professor Dumbledore, with help from magical purple firecrackers, to make everyone go silent."Prefects, lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!"Just down the table, one of Ron's brother's stood, "Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years coming through! Excuse me, I'm a prefect!""How could a troll get in?" Harry asked as they climbed the stairs."Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron. "Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke."They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions. As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron's arm, and turned to Nova, and Gale who was just about to re-join his house."I've just thought - Hermione.""What about her?""She doesn't know about the troll." Ron bit his lip. "Oh, all right," he snapped. "But Percy'd better not see us."Gale nodded, and the quartet carefully joined the Hufflepuffs. They ducked down an empty corridor and began their way to the Girl's bathroom.They had barely turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them."Percy!" hissed Ron, pulling Harry and Nova behind a large stone griffin.Gale had to quickly follow, feeling his adrenaline spike. Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Professor Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view."What's he doing?" Harry whispered. "Why isn't he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?""Search me."As quietly as feasibly possible, they crept along the next corridor, following the Professor's fading footsteps."He's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but Ron held up his hand."Can you smell something?"Gale took a deep breath, then grimaced. The air was filled with the rancid smell of old food, and dirty clothes. Then, just down the hall, they saw it.It was twelve feet tall, skin a lifeless, granite gray, it's great lumpy body like a boulder with a small bald head perched on top. Its legs were short and thick as tree trunks with flat feet. It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were too long.The group tucked themselves among the shadows, hoping that the troll wouldn't see them. It stopped by a doorway and peered inside. Its long ears wiggled as it thought, remarkably hard, then it slowly hunched down so it could get in the room."The keys in the lock," Harry muttered. "We could lock it in.""Good idea," said Ron nervously."No, That's a terrible idea." Nova hissed, squinting at them, "That's the girls' bathroom!"The boys all exchanged looks, then Harry took off. With the others not far behind. He wrenched the door open, and they rushed in.Hermione was cowering against the wall opposite them, looking as if she was about to be sick, or faint. The troll was slowly advancing on her, knocking everything over, stall, sinks, mirrors, as it went."Confuse it!" Harry said desperately to the others, then swooped down to grab a broken tap, he then threw it as hard as he could against the nearby wall.Gale quickly bolted around the room, finding the safest path to Hermione, and grabbing her arm.The troll stopped, turning its head to find the source of the noise, spotting Harry. It paused, before it began lumbering towards Harry instead."Oy, pea-brain!" yelled Ron, from his new position on the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly head toward Ron instead.Gale took the opportunity and began to pull Hermione past the troll, the two slipping on the wet floor as they moved over broken sinks."Come on, run, run!" Harry yelled at the two, as Nova tossed another tap at the troll.The shouting in the echoing bathroom seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It howled and started toward Ron, who was nearby and had no way to escape.Gale pulled Hermione over to the door, and turned, only to watch as Harry jumped and barely managed to hook his arms around the troll's neck, hanging from behind. The troll probably wouldn't have noticed if it hadn't been for Harry's wand, which had been jabbed up it's nose.Screaming in pain, the troll twisted and flailed, its club flying around with little purpose, and Harry clinging for dear life.Both Nova and Ron pulled out their wands, but Nova hesitated, which let Ron cry out the first spell that came into his head."Wingardium Leviosa!"With that, the club suddenly flew out of the troll's hand, and rose high, high up into the air. Slowly it turned over, and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner's head. They all watched as the troll swayed on the spot and then fell, flat on its face, with a bang that made the whole room shudder.Gale stared wide-eyed at the unconscious form, feeling a small grin start to spread across his face.It was Hermione who spoke first."Is it - dead?""I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked out.""Oh, definitely, trolls have thick skulls, both literally and figuratively." Gale said, as he looked over the room.Nova padded over to them, "Ron knocked out a troll." She stated.Gale grinned, as Ron let out a huff of laughter.They all jumped, as a loud slamming and noisy footsteps made their way to them.A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come surging into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a slight whimper, and sat quickly down on one of the few intact toilets, clutching his chest.While Snape bent over to examine the troll, Professor McGonagall was looking at the quartet. Her face was filled with anger, with white lips."What on earth were you thinking of?" said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice.Gale stared blankly at her, barely registering the question, as the others looked between themselves."You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in your dormitory?" She snapped, eyes looking over them.Snape gave Harry and Gale matching, piercing looks. Gale felt himself, shrinking, and he could feel his hands start to quiver."Please, Professor McGonagall. They were looking for me.""Miss Granger!""I went looking for the troll because I, I thought I could deal with it on my own, you know, because I've read all about them." Hermione stood, eyes nervous, as she lied to the Professor. "If they hadn't found me, I'd be dead now. Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club. They didn't have time to come and fetch anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived."The others attempted to look as though this wasn't new to them, but Gale was certain it was an obvious lie."Well - in that case..." said Professor McGonagall, staring at the five of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?" Hermione hung her head. "Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this. I'm very disappointed in you. If you're not hurt at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower. Students are finishing the feast in their houses."Professor McGonagall turned to look at the other four. "Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win five points for your house. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go."Gale swallowed, as the group hurried out of the room. Gale was the first to leave them, heading straight for his dorm. He approached the door and stopped before the eagle knocker."When the wolves howl and owls awake it is visible in the sky?"Just as he was about to answer, a soft mew echoed from behind him. Gale turned and spotted Alexa, who calmly padded to his side.He looked at the knocker, "The full moon.""Correct." Then the door swung open.As silently as possible, Gale moved past the eating Ravenclaw's and bolted into his dorm room.When November came around, snow began to lightly cover the world outside. On Sunday of the quidditch game, Gale was carefully making his way to breakfast, when Nova accosted him. Linking her arms with his, she pulled him over to a nook by the great hall entrance.Nova looked concerned, "Are you okay?" Gale tentatively nodded, and she continued, "We've noticed you pulling away from us, and we were concerned. Still are actually.""I'm fine, I just." Gale paused, "You go looking for trouble… I can't handle throwing myself into danger every other week." He said, quietly ducking down."You don't have too. You're the brains here."He shook his head, "You have Hermione, she's the top of our year."Nova shoved him into the wall, "You say that as if she knows everything, you prat."Gale pulled away, looking sadly at Nova, "Look, I just can't handle what you guys get into. See you in class." He began to briskly walk away."That's it, you're just going to give up!" Nova shouted after him.Gale ducked his head down, and quickly found an open spot at the Ravenclaw table. He was joined by an older boy, with a mess of dark brown hair, he smiled warmly at Gale."First-year, right?" he asked, confidently.Gale nodded, pulling his plate closer, then looking closely at the boy.He was a fair amount taller than Gale, with a very athletic build, accentuated by his snug t-shirt. His face was sharp and fairly well defined, despite his age, and his eyes were a beautiful ocean blue.Gale swallowed nervously, then flushed.The older boy nodded, seemingly unaware of Gale looking him over, "My name's Colby, beater on the our Quidditch team."Gale nodded; eyes focused intently on his food."You okay?"Gale gulped, "Yeah, I'm fine, I'm going to the library."Colby looked taken aback, "And miss watching THE Harry Potter in action?" He shook his head, "Come on kid, you're coming." Gale didn't protest, resigned to being forced around by another. He managed to grab some of his research books on Werewolves, at ten, just before Colby grabbed his arm and dragged him to the pitch.Gale hunkered down beside the older boy, pulling out one of his books."Oh, pay attention," Colby said, pulling the book from Gale's hands, "You'll enjoy this." He gestured to the game, as the whistle went off.Gale leaned forward, as fifteen brooms rose up into the sky. The game had started."And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor - what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too -""JORDAN!""Sorry, Professor. And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve - back to Johnson and - no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes - Flint flying like an eagle up there - he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle - that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and - OUCH - that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger - Quaffle taken by the Slytherins - that's Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a second Bludger - sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell which - nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes - she's really flying - dodges a speeding Bludger - the goal posts are ahead 149 - come on, now, Angelina - Keeper Bletchley dives - misses - GRYFFINDORS SCORE!"Gale smiled, perking up as loud cheers from the Gryffindor stands filled the air, drowning out the coming from the Slytherins. His gaze flicked up to Harry, who was watching the game from above, while lazily circling the pitch.Gale kept his eyes on Harry, feeling himself go tense when Harry took off towards something. Then a Slytherin blocked him, causing the many Gryffindor's to let out exclamations of rage.Lee Jordan, the commentator, was finding it difficult not to take sides."So - after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating.""Jordan!" growled Professor McGonagall."I mean, after that open and revolting foul.""Jordan, I'm warning you -""All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession."As Harry dodged a Bludger, Gale noticed something strange. Harry's broom had given him a sudden, alarming lurch. For a split second, Gale was terrified that his friend would fall.It happened again. It was almost like his broom had bucked. Gale tried to ignore it, but as Harry went haphazardly zigzagging through the air, Gale found it completely stupid to ignore.Lee was still commentating, nonplussed."Slytherin in possession - Flint with the Quaffle - passes Spinnet - passes Bell - hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose - only joking, Professor - Slytherins score - A no..."It appeared as though one else had noticed that Harry's broom was being erratic. Slowly, Harry moved higher and higher, as the broom jerked and twitched, climbing steadily.Gale felt himself stand, as he squinted up at Harry. It was possible…Gale's gaze snapped to the crowd, just as people began pointing out Harry's situation. Carefully, his eyes darted over everyone, until they landed on the teacher's stand. Professor Quirrell and Professor Snape were both looking at Harry.Gale, ignored Colby's protests, as he left, maneuvering carefully around the surrounding students, until he stood only feet away from the teachers. From where he stood, Gale could see Hermione, as she raced past Professor Quirrell, sending him headfirst into the row before him. She reached Snape and pointed her wand at his robes, and bright blue flames shot from her wand to the fabric of Professor Snape's robes.It took a few seconds for Professor Snape to realize that he was on fire. He let out a startled yelp and leapt to his feet. Gale watched as she bolted back, running fully into him.The two went crashing down into the wooden stands, and they both stared wide-eyed."I'm sorry!" Hermione yelped, lurching to her feet. She offered a hand, which Gale gladly took."It's partially my fault, for just being here," He joked, weakly.Hermione snorted, "Are you coming with?" she asked, taking a small step away.Gale paused, thinking about how he was very willing to do something similar to her just prior. He gave a determined nod. The two made their way over to Ron, Nova and Hagrid, just as Harry landed."He won!" Nova shouted, bouncing excitedly.The group made their way down, and Harry joined them. Each getting a strong cup of tea at Hagrid's hut."It was Snape," Ron explained, "Hermione and I saw him. He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you."Gale shook his head, "It was either Professor Snape or Professor Quirrell, both showed signs of wandless magic.""It was Snape," Ron stated, boldly.Nova rolled her eyes but made no comment. Acting like Gale had never spoken."Rubbish," said Hagrid, "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?"Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry decided on the truth."I found out something about him," he told Hagrid. "He tried to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal whatever it's guarding."Hagrid dropped the teapot."How do you know about Fluffy?" he said."Fluffy?""Yeah, he's mine, bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las' year - I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the…""Yes?" said Harry eagerly."Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly. "That's top secret, that is.""But Snape's trying to steal it.""Rubbish," said Hagrid again. "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do nothin' of the sort.""So why did he just try and kill Harry?" cried Hermione.The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape."I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them! You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw him!""I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!" said Hagrid hotly. "I don' know why Harry's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student! Now, listen to me, all of yeh - yer meddlin' in things that don' concern yeh. It's dangerous. You forget that dog, an' you forget what it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel -""Aha!" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?"Hagrid looked furious with himself.Despite the cold of December coming up, the group found themselves hiding away in the school library.Nova still refused to acknowledge Gale, which Harry told him was because she was scared, he'd leave. Uncertain how to prove he wouldn't just leave, Gale wrote to his father about staying for Christmas, and he threw himself into research.He had heard of the name Nicolas Flamel, in fact, both Hermoine and him had heard the name, but neither could remember where. The two slogged through Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, Notable Magical Names of Our Time, Important Modern Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. The two were getting increasingly frustrated, by the lack of information.Nova was the first to notice when Harry left the library, and thus their research time had ended. The four approach him shaking their heads. They went off to get lunch."You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?" said Hermione. "And send me an owl if you find anything.""And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron. "It'd be safe to ask them.""Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Hermione."I might be able to ask Tonks." Nova piped up, "but I wonder if because she's training to be an Auror, if she couldn't."Once the holidays started, Gale found himself wrapped up in the environment to think about Flamel. Instead he found himself wandering the snow-covered grounds, he even contemplated trying to skate on the frozen lake, but quickly ruled that out, for his own safety.He wandered around hoping to find a nice area to settle, as he was tired of being burdened with many books, a blanket and a cat. Once he decided on a place, he rolled out the blanket, and sat on it. Alexa stayed perched on his shoulder, as he began to go through the many werewolf books he had brought with him.Despite the cold, Gale stayed there for many hours. Flipping carefully through each book and taking many detailed notes in a separate notebook. He had to be incredibly careful, in order to not get snow on the books but he managed."Lupin." The sudden voice of Draco startled him from his work.Gale looked up, blinking at the strangely overdressed boy. Gale had dress in a thick coat and a warm hat, but Draco was practically a marshmallow."Why are you dressed like that?" he asked, glancing at the cat on his shoulder.Draco grimaced, "Nevermind, then." The blonde turned away, and began leaving, only to pitch forward into the snow.Gale set his books to the side and moved over to check on him. Draco scowled at Gale, who simply smiled, and offered a hand. Draco reluctantly accepted and was pulled to his feet, then Gale moved back to his blanket, and collected his stuff."You can tell me as we walk." Gale said quietly, as he re-approached Draco.Draco flushed, but followed Gale."I was just wondering why you are out here alone." Draco muttered.Gale ran a hand over his hat, "I wanted to do some research without interruptions.""I'm sorry."Gale looked at Draco, "Pardon?""I'm sorry." Draco snapped, irately.Gale shook his head, "You didn't really interrupt me, Draco. I got a lot done, I do need breaks, ya' know." He grinned.Draco sniffed, then sped up, leaving Gale alone.He tilted his head closer to Alexa, "It's rather odd, isn't it? He seems rather nice without Harry or his friends around. I wonder why?"Alexa let out an annoyed mewl in response.

The rest of the break went by with little to note. Gale got a wolf pocket watch, that showed both the time and moon phase, for Christmas. He ate a lot of food, and Nova dragged him over to the Gryffindor table, where they all played games, like Wizard's chess.When Hermione got back, she was irritated that none of them had found out who Nicolas Flamel was. Gale cited Christmas as an excuse, leading to Hermione dragging him into the library for several hours.A month went by, before they made their big discovery. Gale had just settled down beside Nova, when Hermione slammed a large book onto the table in front of him."I told the Harry and Ron this last night, we found Nicolas Flamel." She leaned over and flipped the book open, "Read this."Gale obediently leaned over to read; The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Philosopher's Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers. The stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal. There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight)."Bleeding heck, he's old." Nova muttered, before shoving a bun into her mouth."The dog must be guarding Flamel's Philosopher's Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it, that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!"Gale nodded, "A stone that prevents you from dying, I can see why someone would want that."Nova swallowed her food, "So Snape want's to live forever? God, he's a vampire."Gale and Hermione shared an amused look.During potions, Gale found himself pondering what he would do with a Philosopher's stone, probably cure his father. He was ripped from his thoughts when Nova kicked him."Owww…" He hissed, glaring at her, "Why'd you do that?"She cocked an eyebrow, "Maybe because you're off in la la land, during potions." Her voice was dry.Gale grimaced, lowering his gaze to his paper, just as Professor Snape appeared."Not doing your work, Lupin?" The Professor's dark eyes swept over Gale's relatively blank parchment, "Ten points from Ravenclaw." He then breezed by.Nova glared harshly at the teacher's back, "I wish he would die.""Nova." Gale said warningly, as he filled his paper."Am I wrong?"Gale simply rolled his eyes and focused on his work.Next Quidditch game approached was filled with anxiety. Harry was worried because Professor Snape was the referee, and Gale was terrified that Harry's broom would try and murder him.The quartet said wished Harry luck, before going up in the stands to find their place."Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered to the others."I know," Ron snapped. "Don't nag."Nova went out of her way to elbow Ron in the gut, "Sorry!" she apologised falsely."Nova!" Both Hermione and Gale chastised, sharing exasperated looks."I've never seen Snape look so mean," Ron commented. "Look -they're off Ouch!"Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head.It was Draco."Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there." Draco grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle. "Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Weasley?"Ron didn't answer as Snape awarded Hufflepuff a penalty. Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was peering attentively at Harry, who was orbiting the game like a hawk."You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?" Draco said loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff yet another penalty with no reason. "It's people they feel sorry for. See, there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money - you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains."The boy just next to Nova went bright red but turned in his seat to face Draco."I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.Draco, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Nova, not daring to take her eyes off Harry, said, "You tell him, Neville.""Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and that's saying something."Ron snapped, without looking "I'm warning you, Malfoy - one more word""Ron!" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry -""What? Where?"Gale leaned forward to watch as Harry went into a steep dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the surrounding crowd. Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry sped toward the ground."You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the ground!" Draco sneered.Ron snapped. Before anyone knew what was occurring, Ron was on top of him, grappling him to the ground. The other boy next to Nova hesitated, then scrambled over the back of his seat to help."Come on, Harry!" Hermione screamed, leaping out of her seat to watch as Harry zoomed straight at Professor Snape. Both her and Gale watched transfixed, as Nova hurried over to help the flailing mess of limbs behind them.Up above, Professor Snape turned on his broomstick just in the nick of time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches. Then Harry had pulled out of his dive, an arm raised in triumph with a small flashing piece of clasped within his hand.The stands erupted into gleeful shrieking."Ron! Ron! Where are you? The game's over! Harry's won! We've won! Gryffindor is in the lead!" shrieked Hermione, bouncing up and down in her place then turning and hugging Gale beside her.The two grinned, then turned to the pile of red and green behind them. Nova had Draco in a head lock while Ron and the other boy, Longbottom Draco called him, were bruised but standing over Draco's friends in triumph.Gale rubbed his face.The three managed to get out of punishment, and the quartet, because Neville Longbottom had collapsed, made their way down to find Harry.It was getting dark when Nova pointed out a figure with a cloak over their head. The four rushed over to join him, as they walked up to the castle."Harry, where have you been?" Hermione squeaked."We won! You won! We won!" shouted Ron, smacking Harry's back."And I gave Draco a black eye, Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He's out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all right! Talk about showing Slytherin!" Nova bounced over to link arms with Harry."Everyone's waiting for you in the common room, we're having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens." said Ron."Never mind that now," said Harry nervously. "Let's find an empty room, you wait 'til you hear this..."Harry quickly scoped out an empty room, deeming it right the turned and closed the door."So we were right, it is the Philosopher's Stone, and Snape's trying to force Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocus- I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through -""So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?" said Hermione in alarm."It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.Gale bit his tongue, "I mean, let's assume every teacher placed some sort of enchantment. Does Professor Snape know what everyone did?" The other shrugged., Gale ran a hand through his hair, "Let's be optimistic, yeah?"Quirrell, it turns out, was a lot braver than any of them had thought, though in the following weeks he did appear to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn't look as though he'd broke yet.Despite the importance of their discovery, Gale found himself absorbed into schoolwork. Him and Hermione had started comparing notes, and carefully colour-coding them by importance to the class. Gale had managed to get Harry to start studying for exams as well, but Ron and Nova were a lot harder to convince."Hermione, the exams are ages away." Ron whined."Ten weeks," Hermione snapped. "That's not ages, that's like a second to Nicolas Flamel.""But we're not six hundred years old," Nova reminded her.Ron nodded, "Anyway, what are you studying for, you already know it all.""What is she studying for? Are you crazy? We need to pass these exams to get into the second year?" Gale exclaimed, looking up from his reading."They're very important, I should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten into me..." said Hermione.Unfortunately for them, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same line. They piled the homework on them, so much that Easter holidays became a study week for the whole quintet."I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, chucking his quill and staring longingly out of the library window.Gale didn't even react, as he flipped through his notes on Transfiguration."Hagrid! What are you doing in the library?" Gale looked up, and they all watched as Hagrid shuffled into view, obscuring something behind his back. He looked very out of place in his worn out overcoat."Jus' lookin'," he said, in a suspicious voice that peaked everyone's interest at once. "An' what're you lot up ter?" He looked suddenly suspicious. "Yer not still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?""Oh, we found out who he is ages ago," said Ron impressively. "And we know what that dog's guarding, it's a Philosopher's St -""Shhhh!" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening. "Don' go shoutin' about it, what's the matter with yeh?""There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said Harry, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy -""SHHHH! Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know. They'll think I've told yeh -""See you later, then," said Harry. Hagrid shuffled off."What was he hiding behind his back?" said Hermione thoughtfully. "Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?""I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron. He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms, letting them fall to the table in a clatter"Dragons!" he whispered. "Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these: Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide.""Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him, " said Harry."But it's against our laws," said Ron.Gale nodded rapidly, "Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks' Convention of 1709, every witch and wizard knows that.""It's hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden - anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous. You should see the burns Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania.""But there aren't wild dragons in Britain?" said Harry."Of course there are," said Ron. "Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blacks. The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you. Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who've spotted them, to make them forget.""So what on earths Hagrid up to?" said Hermione.Nova let out a small squeak, and they all glanced over. She was asleep on top of her notes. Her quill dripping ink onto the table as she slept. Gale stood and carefully cleared up her space, hoping that Madam Pince would not see the mess the ink had made.He cast a look at the trio, "We'll find out when we go talk to him, I'm sure."When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.Hagrid called "Who is it?" before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused."So - yeh wanted to ask me somethin'?""Yes," said Harry. There was no point beating around the bush. "We were wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone apart from Fluffy."Hagrid frowned at him."0' course I can't," he said. "Number one, I don' know meself. Number two, yeh know too much already, so I wouldn' tell yeh if I could. That Stone's here fer a good reason. It Was almost stolen outta Gringotts - I s'ppose yeh've worked that out an' all? Beats me how yeh even know abou' Fluffy.""Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice. Hagrid's beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling. "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really." Hermione went on. "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you."Hagrid's chest swelled at these last words. Harry, Nova and Ron beamed at Hermione, while Gale just tilted his head in thought."Well, I don' s'pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that... let's see... he borrowed Fluffy from me... then some o' the teachers did enchantments... Professor Sprout - Professor Flitwick - Professor McGonagall -" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell - an' Dumbledore himself did somethin', o' course. Hang on, I've forgotten someone. Oh yeah, Professor Snape.""Snape?""Yeah - yer not still on abou' that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."Gale sent the others a concerned look. If Professor Snape, or Professor Quirrell, because Gale wasn't ruling him out just yet, were involved with protecting the stone, then they muse know how the others protected it."You're the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy. aren't you, Hagrid?" said Harry anxiously. "And you wouldn't tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teachers?""Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly."Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others. "Hagrid, can we have a window open? I'm boiling."Nova boobed her head, "Yeah, it's become really hot, Hagrid.""Can't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid. Gale followed the half-giant's gaze. Hung in the middle of the fire, below the kettle, was a massive, black egg."Hagrid - what's that?""Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er...""That's a Dragon egg, isn't it?" Gale asked"Where did you get it, Hagrid?" said Ron, squatting next to the fire getting a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune.""Won it," said Hagrid. "Las' night. I was down in the village havin' a few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest.""But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" said Hermione.Nova nodded, moving to kneel by Ron, "Surely they require more care than even you could provide?" She said."Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. "Got this outta the library - Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit - it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, 'cause their mothers breathe on I em, see, an' when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o' brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour. An' see here - how ter recognize diff'rent eggs - what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback. They're rare, them.""Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," Hermione said, pointedly.Gale wiped his brow, then pulled the book closer to him. It was a very old book, with worn pages and faded script. It did detail how to hatch an egg, but it gave no information on raising specific dragon types."Hagrid, you can't rely just on this." Gale said, looking up.But Hagrid had stopped listening as he stoked the fire while humming happily.They were unable to check in with Hagrid, as the homework began to pile up. Gale found himself dozing off over his book often, waking only when Alexa wandered over to poke at him. He had also started to take note of when his kitten took off, wondering where the ball of fluff, who was now looking more and more sleek, was going.Then, about a week later, Harry received a note from Hagrid with only two words: It's hatching.Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to see."How many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?"Gale shook his head, as he adjusted his bookbag, "We really shouldn't skip classes, we need them." He stressed, narrowing his eyes at the red head."We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing -""Shut up!" Harry whispered.Gale glanced over, pausing in alarm when he saw Draco was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.Ron and Hermione were still arguing when Gale separated to go to Charms. He went through class, wondering if he should pop in on Hagrid during morning break, just to see, but ultimately decided against it. His time was better spent on researching Norwegian Ridgeback's, knowing that Hagrid couldn't keep the dragon long.At lunch, a week later, Harry, Ron and Hermione came down brandishing a letter.Gale had all but forced Nova to start creating a simple study schedule. Meaning many papers were spread across their normal spot. Gale was standing over her, cradling a cup of chocolate milk, while quietly making suggestions. They both started a little when the Gryffindor's slapped the paper down on top of Nova's current project."Your late." Nova snapped, as Gale reached past her to pick up the letter. He quickly took in the words:Dear Ron,How are you? Thanks for the letter - I'd be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting him here. I think the best thing will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustn't be seen carrying an illegal dragon.Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while it's still dark.Send me an answer as soon as possible.Love,Charlie"Your brother, I presume?" Gale said, passing the note to the irritated redhead in front of him while glancing at Ron.The other boy nodded, before helping himself to a couple sausages.Hermione peeked at the schedule in front on Nova, then nodded to the honey haired boy, "I'm proud," she paused for a moment, "and surprised that you managed to get her to prepare a schedule."Gale just sent her a shy smile, as Nova huffed."What is the plan?" Nova asked, eyes narrowing at the others. "We can't just walk around the school as we are."Ron shoveled a fork full of eggs into his mouth, "Harry has an Invisibility cloak. We'll be fine."Nova narrowed her eyes, the turned sharply to stare at Harry.Gale however focused on Ron. His hand was swollen, and he was struggling to hold his fork comfortably. Gale moved over and poked the injured hand."Oww, bloody hell Gale!" he snapped, "What are you doing?""I assume that you will be heading to the hospital wing." Gale stated, pulling away.Ron grimaced, "You think Madam Pomfrey would she recognize a dragon bite?"Gale blinked, then went pale, "Maybe?" he replied, feeling ill.By the afternoon, though, Ron had no choice. The cut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked as if the dragon's fangs were poisonous.At the end of the day the quartet hurried up to the hospital wing to find Ron in a poor state in bed."It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me. He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me - I've told her it was a dog, but I don't think she believes me -I shouldn't have hit him at the Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this.""Nah," Nova said, leaning her chair back on two legs, "He's doing it because he's a daddy's boy.""It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday, Ron." said Hermione.At those words, Ron bolted upright, "Midnight on Saturday!" his voice went hoarse. "Oh no oh no - I've just remembered - Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's going to know we're getting rid of Norbert."Nobody had a chance to answer as Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, telling them Ron needed to sleep."It's too late to change the plan now," Harry told them. "We haven't got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance to get rid of Norbert. We'll have to risk it. And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that.""Who's going to go with?" Nova asked, "Because I vote that Hermione and Gale stay in."Hermione shot her a look, "Why do you get to choose?"Nova cocked a hip, "Because I haven't been able to do something fun with Harry yet. Last time something exciting happened we were all together."Gale cautiously spoke up, "Only two should go, just to minimize the damage." He offered.Hermione let out a huff, before agreeing.Gale spent the rest of his day attempting to create his own spell, so he could still be present, via Alexa. He wanted to have her keep and eye on his friends, but also see what was happening.When he failed yet again, he found himself lamenting his struggles to Alexa, who was sleeping on the table beside him."Why can't there already be a spell for this? No all we get is Legilimency, which only allows me to see what has happened." He sighed leaning forward heavily. "Why can't life be easy, just once?" He whispered, head falling to his arms.Slowly, he lifted his head, and checked the time, wincing when he saw it was five to eleven. Gale pulled his papers closer, then carefully organised them. Tucking them away, he then got up and prepared for bed, as he had no way of helping his friends.He felt like a failure.He felt like an even bigger failure when he saw the hourglasses the next day. Gryffindor had gone down a hundred points, and Hufflepuff had gone down fifty. Rather quickly he heard other students talking, about how Harry Potter had lost Gryffindor's lead on Slytherin.Sticking close to Harry and Nova, Gale was subject to pointing, and insults, that no one bothered hiding.Quite a few Slytherins, clapped if the group walked by, whistling and cheering, "Thanks Potter, we owe you one!"Gale had noticed that Nova and Harry had thrown themselves into their studies, following the dragon. Though it was a coping technique, that Gale could relate to, he was proud that his friends had taken note of how close exams were. They each kept to themselves, working late into the evening, before separating into their common rooms, only to continue. Each trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions...A week before exams, when Hermione was quizzing Ron on Astronomy, Harry appeared.He appeared slightly concerned, and Nova was quick to ask him what was wrong.Harry began explaining, "I overheard Professor Quirrell and Snape, arguing in an empty classroom." He started, "I decided to listen in, and I think Quirrell gave in."Gale tensed, "What did he say exactly?""I mean not anything specific. He said, "'Not again", and 'all right', he sounded like he was giving in.""Snape's done it, then!" said Ron. "If Quirrell's told him how to break his Anti-Dark Force spell -""There's still Fluffy, though," said Hermione."Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid," said Ron, gesturing to the library. "I bet there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry?"There was a light in Ron's eyes, as he talked."We can't do anything." Nova muttered."Go to Dumbledore. That's what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves, we'll be thrown out for sure." Hermione said, confidently."But we've got no proof!" Harry countered. "Quirrell's too scared to back us up. Snape's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor - who do you think they'll believe, him or us? It's not exactly a secret we hate him, Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked. Filch wouldn't help us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think. And don't forget, we're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. That'll take a lot of explaining."Gale nodded, "Besides I still wouldn't rule out Professor Quirrell.""He's a jittery mess." Nova commented, dryly.Gale straightened up, "I am to, but I still helped you with the troll!"Harry shook his head, "You're both pretty. Now, please be quiet."Both shot the other looks but stayed silent.Ron leaned away from his work, "If we just do a bit of poking around -""No," said Harry flatly, "we've done enough poking around."Harry then pulled his map of Jupiter towards him then turned to Gale, in order to ask him questions.Oh boy, I have a little bit of news. On my profile i have links to spotify playlists, so you can listen as you read. Or listen when bored, or just listen... I don't know, you do you, man~~~~~ Wolf

Everyone was nervous. It had been a little over a day since Professor Dumbledore had gone down to retrieve Harry, and came up with him unconscious in his arms. None of us had been aloud in the Hospital wing with him, even Nova, who had made a loud fuss, had been forced outside.So here we sat waiting.Professor Dumbledore swept past us, probably to talk to Harry. When he exited only a few minutes later, he smiled at us, but said nothing.The doors opened and Madam Pomfrey ushered us in. Gale settled on a nearby bed, while the others ascertained Harry's condition.The Ron had to ask, "What happened down there?"Harry easily painted a picture. Quirrell had been waiting for him by the mirror, with You-Know-Who, and the mirror which hid the stone. Ron and Hermione were captivated. Gasping and flinching along to his story. Nova however stayed silent, standing off to the side while glaring at Harry."So the Stone's gone?" stated Nova, her arms folding."That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that - what was it? - 'to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure."Nova shook her head, letting her hair fall in front of her face."I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking impressed."What happened with all of you?" asked Harry, his eyes darting around."Well, Nova and I got back alright," Hermione started, "We helped Gale get Ron out."Gale stepped forward, "We beelined it to the Owlery, in order to contact Professor Dumbledore, but we met him in the entrance hall."Hermione sent him a grin, "Gale got rather growly when we saw him. He gave Dumbledore a proper order."Harry blinked glancing at Gale, who immediately ducked his head as his face went pink."D'you think he meant you to do it?" inquired Ron. "Sending you your father's cloak and everything?"Hemione exploded, "If he did, he would have been sending Harry in to die!"Harry tilted his head thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, Dumbledore. I think he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or less everything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a fairly good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to help. I don't think it was an accident he let me find out how the mirror worked. It's almost like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I could...""Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.Nova growled, "He is an idiot. Both you," She pointed to Harry, "and Dumbledore. You are eleven, Harry, and you could have died!" even from a distance Gale could see the tears in her eyes. "You are my best friend Harry, but… you don't have to fight alone!"It was then that Madam Pomfrey hurried over."You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT." she said decisively.Nova glared at Harry, before turning on her heel and storming out. Sedately, Gale, Hermione and Ron followed."What's her problem?" Ron wondered.Gale just shook his head, heading towards the Ravenclaw common room.The next evening, the quartet gathered before the feast. None of them spoke, they just let the silence hang over them comfortably. Then they separated. Each heading to their table, hoping that Harry would get to experience this.The Great Hall was decked out in vibrant silver, and shimmering green, celebrating the Slytherin's house cup, for the seventh year in a row. Towering over the High table was a banner with the Slytherin crest.Gale found himself close to the exuberant, overbearing, personality of Colby, who kept asking rather irritating questions about Harry.The doors to the Great Hall opened and everyone went silent. Gale craned him neck, and spotted Harry ducking his head and darting over to the Gryffindor table. People began to talk loudly and standing up in order to spot him.The Dumbledore arrived, and the room went quiet once again."Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were... you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts...""Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy- two."Loud cheering rang throughout the hall. Glancing over Gale spotted many Slytherins slamming goblets on the table. Draco wasn't. No, that Slytherin was looking across the Ravenclaw table silently. It was odd."Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore. "However, recent events must be taken into account."The room went very still. The Slytherins' smiles stiffened a little."Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see. Yes... First - to Mr. Ronald Weasley... for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."The Gryffindor exploded with glee, the cheers nearly shaking the school.Then there was silence."Second - to Miss Hermione Granger... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points."Gale found himself clapping, despite the angered looks his fellow housemates were giving him. Gryffindor was a hundred points up."Third - to Ms. Nova Lestrange, for outstanding courage and readiness to defend her friends, I award Hufflepuff fifty points."The yellow table cheered, but quieted down quickly."Fourth – to Mr. Gale Lupin…" At his name Gale froze, "for, I award Ravenclaw house fifty points."The surrounding Ravenclaws let out a loud cheer, and Gale found himself silently gaping at Dumbledore. That put them above Slytherin. However, Dumbledore raised his hands, quieting the room."Third - to Mr. Harry Potter..." said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet, "for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points."Everyone went silent. Peering at the points, Gryffindor was tied with Slytherin, with Ravenclaw up four points. Gale raked his mind, was ther eanyone else Dumbledore could give points too?"There are all kinds of courage," continued Dumbledore, smiling. "It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom."The room exploded with cheers as the Gryffindor table stood up. Gale tensed. It was like and explosion had gone off. Gale glanced over to watch as Gryffindors threw themselves at Neville, burying him under a pile. They were overjoyed. Actually, casting a look around, every house, besides Slytherin looked happy. Sure some Ravenclaws looked annoyed that they had come so close then lost, but they were happy that it wasn't Slytherin who had won."Which mean," Dumbledore called over the celebrating houses, "We need a little change of decoration."With a clap of his hands the greens and silvers were gone. Scarlet replaced the green and gold replaced the silver, and the large banner behind the teachers vanished, becoming a large lion.It was overwhelming, but Gale managed to sit through the whole ceremony.Then came the exam results. Comparing it to the others Gale was surprised to learn that he had the best, not counting Hermione who went above and beyond the other first years. His best marks were Charms and, surprisingly, Potions.Then they had to pack away all their Hogwarts lives. Books finding new homes, weighing down their trunks. Gale had a hell of a time convincing Alexa back into her carrier for the journey home, in fact she vanished. Gale wandered around the school calling out hopefully. He explored the towers first, then moved to the lower levels of the school, until he found himself in the dungeons."Alexa, come on now." He called, pleading with his cat. He was tired, sore and only had to get her settled before their last night here."Need a hand?" Gale jumped, turning to stare wide eyed at the blonde behind him."Umm…"Draco rolled his eyes, "You're looking for your cat, yes?"Gale swallowed, "Yeah, she doesn't like her carrier.""How big is it?" Draco asked gesturing for Gale to follow."Umm… about this big," Gale used his hand to indicate it's size."That's it."Gale growled, "I'm not you, Malfoy, I can't afford to buy her a mansion." He glared at the floor, irritated.Draco paused mid step, "That came out wrong.""I don't see how that could come out right."Draco spun around, eyes locking with Gale's, "I know, others don't have as much money as my family, that doesn't make them lesser."Gale raised his head, "But bullying Harry because he didn't want to be friends is okay… or how about treating Neville like dirt because his skill isn't spellwork."A soft meow echoed down the corridor, and Gale glared at Draco, before turning and gathering his cat in his arms. Without a word he walked away. Draco watched, grimacing to himself before heading to his dorm.The ride home was prefaced with little notes, warning them to not use magic at home. From there the first years, soon to be second, were led down to the docks where they got a returning trip to the station in the boats. On the Train they enjoyed each other's company, laughing and eating. Until they had to break in order to pull on Muggle clothing, as they pulled into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles."You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "all of you - I'll send you an owl.""Thanks," said Harry, "I'll need something to look forward to." Nova elbowed him, with a fake scowl.Gale laughed, "I might not be able to," the group sent him worried looks, "Don't worry, I'll ask, we might get busy though." He offered.Harry, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway first, and Nova and Gale had to wait, before passing through.Nova bounced over to the group, joining their conversation easily. Gale found himself looking around, spotting his dad, reading a Muggle newspaper. Gale approached."I have to head off."Nova turned and pouted, "Alright."Hermione grinned, "We'll send letters. Right." Ron and Harry nodded in unison.Gale gave them a final smile, before heading over to his dad. Remus folded up his paper, and glanced up at Gale, his eye warm."Have a good year?"Gale gave a shy nod, "I met Harry Potter."Remus let out a laugh, as they made their way out of the station.Gale's summer was spent happily sharing many stories with his dad. Remus was scornful when he reprimanded Gale for his recklessness. He couldn't believe that they had gone after wizard with far more experience then them. After that, Gale wandered the old house, doing any chore he could to help his dad. That meant a lot of laundry. Then, if he found time, he read, pouring over books hoping that one would finally contain the secret to curing Lycanthropy. None did.Though Wolfsbane potion was an option, they were not wealthy enough to brew it ever full moon, or any really. So that was cast to the side, though Gale still really wanted to brew it and see its capabilities.Occasionally, Gale received a letter, from Hermione or Ron. Those letters came more frequently as the days went on. They worried about Harry and Nova. Neither had sent any of them a letter, concerned Gale also sent a letter, one to each of them.When no response came, Gale cried. It hurt. He knew they were his friends and he knew that they would write normally. But it was hard to suppress the thought that they had abandoned him. Beneath his hurt, he knew something was wrong, it was just hard.Gale eventually began writing frantically, as the three planned. They had no idea what was wrong, but they had to help. Hermione asked if they knew where Harry and Nova lived, but Gale disheartened had to tell her the two never spoken about it.Ron was the one to come up with a plan. His dad had a flying car, and his brothers, Fred and George, could drive it. They could go and pick the Two up. Hermione shot down that idea. Gale however, agreed, if they were cautious, and avoided Muggles at all cost.That scandalized Hermione, who didn't write back for a while.Gale didn't back down, instead he prepared a letter that Harry and Nova could read when they got to Ron's.The day after his owl was set to arrive at Ron's, his Hogwarts letter arrived, knocking over the cutlery as it settled on the table mid breakfast. Remus let out a small sigh, as he reached out and groomed the owl, carefully taking the letter held in its grasp.Gale awkwardly organized the scattered tableware, as Remus extended the letter."You'll want to read it." He was sent a warm smile, before his dad left the house to let the owl go outside.Enthused, Gale ripped open the letter, and scanned the contents. The letter contained a similar set of direction to last year, informing him to catch the Hogwarts Express at King's Cross station on September first, but Gale focused more on the book list.SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE:The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 by Miranda GoshawkBreak with a Banshee by Gilderoy LockhartGadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy LockhartHolidays with Hags by Gilderoy LockhartTravels with Trolls by Gilderoy LockhartVoyages with Vampires by Gilderoy LockhartWanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy LockhartYear with the Yeti by Gilderoy LockhartGilderoy Lockhart? Gale looked at his dad, then offered the school list."Who's Gilderoy Lockhart."Remus grimaced, "An extremely overconfident fool, with good charisma. His books are quite popular with the ladies."Gale tilted his head, "They are going to be expensive aren't they." He stated.Remus simply nodded, "I feel sorry for you, whomever is teaching you must be a fan."Gale lifted his arms weakly, letting out a fake cheer.The next day he sent a second letter, to both Hermione and Ron, asking when they'd be in Diagon Alley. Ron was quick to reply with Wednesday.So, Gale prepared to go shopping, ushering Alexa into the house as Remus stood waiting."Remember this will be uncomfortable." Remus warned as they linked arms. Gale nodded, "Deep breaths, don't focus to heavily on what you're feeling." He was advised.Then with a crack they left.It was an odd and extremely uncomfortable feeling. Gale felt as though he was being compressed, and the world went dark. It was hard to breath, and every movement made him feel nauseous.Then the crowded streets of Diagon Alley came into view.Gale found himself stumbling, but was steadied by Remus. Carefully he was lowered onto a nearby bench, as Remus dug through his pockets, eventually pulling out a coin purse."I doubt you want to have me following you about." Remus started, "I will wait in The Leaky Cauldron, come find me when you're done." Remus's gaze was stern as he placed the purse in Gale's hand.Gale nodded, "Thanks, Dad.""No problem, cub." Remus kissed his forehead, then pulled away, heading to the tavern.Left alone, Gale had to catch his breath, before he stood. Then he slowly spun around, only to rammed by a passing person. Gale yelped, and immediately shot to the nearest wall. He stared out at the crowd, hoping to see his friends. Finally, he spotted the familiar fiery red hair of the Weasleys, exiting Gringotts. He bolted over."Ron!" Gale's eye swept over the group, "Harry! Nova!" He cried, hugging them both. Harry let out a small wheeze, and Nova returned the hug. Sheepishly, Gale pulled away.Nova grinned, "Miss us, Freckles?" she teased.Gale just grinned.The quintet, took off along the cobbled street, stopping as Harry bought them all large strawberry-and-peanut-butter ice creams, which they ate happily as they strolled down the alley, examining the many shop windows. They stopped at Quality Quidditch Supplies, so Ron, Harry, and Nova could ogle the brooms.Hermione pulled Gale off to the side."How are you?""Better." Gale admitted, "I may have had a breakdown after you alerted me."Hermione's eyes flashed to his, "But you're fine now." She demanded.He gave a nod, the two wandered off to grab some ink and parchment. When they returned the three were still debating about the broom. The bookworms shared an amused look, then dragged their friends off. They explored many of the shops, but left without buying much.An hour later they headed for Flourish and Blotts. Unfortuanatley, there was a large crowd outside. People were shoving in a desparate attempt to get in the door. The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows:GILDEROY LOCKHARTwill be signing copies of his autobiographyMAGICAL MEtoday 12:30 P.m. to 4:30 P.m."We can actually meet him!" Hermione squealed. "I mean, he's written almost the whole booklist!"The group were jostled as they approached. Gale hated it.A lengthy line wound right to the back of the shop, where Gilderoy Lockhart was signing his books. They all grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 and crept up the line to the rest of the Weasleys who were standing with Hermione's parents."Oh, there you are, good," said Mrs. Weasley. She sounded out of breath and kept touching her hair. "We'll be able to see him in a minute …"Before Gilderoy Lockhart could come into view, gale felt his chest seize. He couldn't breath properly. He grabbed Nova, who took one look at him then guided him out of the crowded line over to a small clear area. She knelt next to him and just began to talk. Gale didn't really comprehend what came out of Nova's mouth, instead he focused on his breathing. He hadn't had a panic attack this bad since he was a child, specifically, when he entered his home just after his mom died. He tried to follow Nova's breathing, and slowly the pain in his chest faded."… And then dragons swooped down, did I mention we were cowboys. Do you even know what cowboys are?" Nova continued. "I mean I'm sure we have an equivalent, right, umm… yeah I can't think of one.""Nova, I know what cowboys are." Gale smiled.She let out a small gasp, then leaned over, placing her hand on his forehead. "Are you okay, I was completely winging that. What was that?""That was a panic attack, I think the crowd brought it on… but I can't be sure." said Gale, "I'm okay now, Thanks."Nova smiled, "You're welcome, Freckles. Should we join the others?"Gale shook his head, "I don't want to risk it. You can go though."Nova sniffed, "I'm staying right here. Harry has Hermione…" Then she added, "and Ron."Gale smiled, "What were you saying about cowboys?"Nova blinked, "Uhh…" She tilted her head, "I can't remember… I was just saying whatever came to mind."Gale laughed, causing her to brighten then join in.The crowd they had left, burst into cheers, and looking up gave them the reason. Harry had been dragged up to the front and Gale could now see Lockhart, who looked rather boring. Harry was balancing Lockhart's entire book collection in his arms. He staggered over to Gale and Nova."You can have these." He muttered to Gale. "I'll buy my own -""Bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter?" Gale found himself ducking his head as Draco Malfoy spoke.Harry straightened up, and Nova jumped to her feet."Oh, please insult him some more, Malfoy. Come on, give me a reason to punch you." Nova said, cracking her knuckles."Potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend!" drawled Malfoy.Both went red as Ron and Hermione fought their way over, both clutching stacks of Lockhart's books. "Oh, it's you," said Ron, looking at Malfoy as if he were something unpleasant he had stepped on. "Bet you're surprised to see Harry here, eh?""Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley," retorted Malfoy. "I suppose your parents will go hungry for a month to pay for all those."Ron went as red dropping his books into the cauldron next to Gale, then started toward Malfoy, but Harry and Hermione grabbed the back of his jacket."Ron!" said Mr. Weasley, struggling over along with Fred and George. "What are you doing? It's too crowded in here, let's go outside.""Well, well, well - Arthur Weasley." a man who looked like Draco approached. He stopped, placing his hand on Draco's shoulder, sneering at Mr. Weasley."Lucius," said Mr. Weasley, nodding coldly."Busy time at the Ministry, I hear," said Mr. Malfoy. "All those raids ... I hope they're paying you overtime?"He reached into the nearby cauldron and extracted, from amid the glossy Lockhart books, an old, very battered copy of A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration."Obviously not," Mr. Malfoy said. "Dear me, what's the use of being a disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it?"Mr. Weasley flushed darker than Ron."We have a very different idea of what disgraces the name of wizard, Malfoy," he said."Clearly," said Mr. Malfoy, his pale eyes straying to the Grangers, who were watching apprehensively. "The company you keep, Weasley ... and I thought your family could sink no lower -'At that, Mr. Weasley threw himself at Mr. Malfoy, knocking him back into a bookshelf. Dozens of heavy spellbooks came tumbling down on their heads. Gale heard a yell of, "Get him, Dad!" from Fred or George; Mrs. Weasley shrieked out, "No, Arthur, no!"; the crowd hurried backwards, knocking more shelves over; "Gentlemen, please - please!" cried an assistant, and then, louder than it all "Break it up, there, gents, break it up -"Hagrid was wading toward them through the sea of books and people. With ease he pulled Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy apart. Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr. Malfoy had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools. He was still clutching Ginny's old Transfiguration book. He thrust it at her, his eyes gleaming with malevolence."Here, girl - take your book - it's the best your father can give you -" Pulling himself out of Hagrid's grip he beckoned to Draco, who sent a brief glance at Gale, before they swept from the shop."Yeh should've ignored him, Arthur," said Hagrid, almost lifting Mr. Weasley off his feet as he straightened his robes. "Rotten ter the core, the whole family, everyone knows that - no Malfoy's worth listenin' ter - bad blood, that's what it is - come on now - let's get outta here."The assistant looked as though he wanted to stop them leaving, but he barely came up to Hagrid's waist and seemed to think better of it. They hurried up the street, the Grangers shaking with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside herself with fury."A fine example to set for your children . . . brawling in public . . . what Gilderoy Lockhart must've thought -""He was pleased," said Fred. "Didn't you hear him as we were leaving? He was asking that bloke from the Daily Prophet if he'd be able to work the fight into his report - said it was all publicity -"They were subdued as they headed back to the fireside in the Leaky Cauldron. There Gale pulled his friends over to meet his dad, who was sat calmly in the corner."Dad."Remus glanced up, eyes wandering across the gathered group, "Did you have fun?" He asked.Gale nodded, "We did." I wanted you to mee my friends before they left. Hermione, she the smartest witch in our year. Ron, he's been really nice about the whole stupid thing. Nova, Harry's best friend. And Harry, whom you've definitely heard of." He pointed to each as he spoke.Remus gave them a warm smile, "Remus Lupin, I went to school with your father, Harry."Nova bounced, "Ohh, do you have any fun stories."Remus shook his head, amusement painting his features, "none that would be short enough for you families." He nodded to their parents behind them, "They are getting impatient."Harry gaped at Remus, before hesitantly asking, "Can you write about them, and send that?" his head fell in embarrassment.Remus blinked, "I… I suppose I will."Gale knew his father well, and his dad looked as though he was about to cry.He smiled at his friends, "See you on the train?""Of course." Said Hermione, the others nodded.With a smile the others parted, Harry, Ron and Nova going back to the Weasley's and Hermione, and her parents leaving for the building across the street. Gale was excited, the next year would be fun.

After that, the summer went flying by. Gale spent the rest of his time off, running around preparing his trunk. He had to ask his dad to cast another Feather Light spell on his trunk, because of all the books crammed into it. Come morning, Gale had not slept, instead he had spent his time double checking everything, and dreading the new school year.Remus dropped Gale off at King's Cross Station at ten fifteen. This gave Gale ample time to get on the train and settle into an open compartment. While waiting he pulled out one of his many school notebooks and began scribbling amendments down in the margins."This compartment free?"Gale jumped slightly, his amber eyes lifting to meet the warm brown of Hermione's. He licked his lips, then gave her a small smile. She beamed, and sat down next to him, her eyes bright."What are you working on?"Gale cleared his throat, "I was making notes on Lockhart's books. I don't really trust his material, but that doesn't mean I can slack off."Hermione rolled her eyes, 'I don't see why everyone is so judgemental about him, he did a lot of good things!""Technically, so did Nazi Germany, but that doesn't make them right." He paused, "Or very good."Hermione grimaced, then glanced out at the platform, "The others need to get here soon, or they'll miss the train." she worried.Gale blinked, then followed her gaze, "I'm sure they won't miss the train, they are not that daft." They shared a smile.The two began sharing stories from their respective summers, getting so wrapped up that neither of them noticed the train leaving until they were surrounded by farmland and trees."Where are they?" asked Hermione. Gale found himself shrugging in response. "We better go find them."They peeled themselves from their seats and began looking through the compartments. They started at the front, bumping into the trolley lady and gale found himself buying some chocolate for later. Neither of them were brave enough to actually ask anyone in the compartments if they had seen Harry, Ron or Nova, but the two, instead used their eyes. Each compartment gave them the same answer, they were not on board.They wandered back up to their claimed compartment, and flopped down. Hermione looked terrified, and she kept nervously fidgeting."What if something happened to them?" She worried.Gale reached out and pat her on the shoulder, "They'll be fine, I'm sure if they did get left behind, they were smart enough to send an owl." He gave her a soft smile, "What else would Harry use Hedwig for."Hermione's eyes watered, and she gave a weak chuckle.Despite his assurances, Gale was extremely worried for them. Harry wasn't known for his ability to stay out of trouble, but he could hope. The rest of the journey was filled with anxious silence and concerned looks, as the two approached Hogwarts without their friends.Darkness fell, and the train slowed to a crawl as it reached the station. Hermione clutched anxiously at Gale's hand, and he gratefully returned the favor. Together they got off, following the chaotic mass of older students. That lead them to carriages connected to large skeletal horses, as dark as the sky. The creatures appeared threatening, but Gale knew that they really weren't, he didn't know how he knew that he just knew.It was also then that he realised Hermione hadn't commented on them, and he glanced at her from the corner of his eye. Gale decided that it wasn't the time, and they headed into one of the carriages.Inside was the familiar face of Neville Longbottom and an older Hufflepuff, that Gale didn't know the name of. Neville cast the two a confused glance, but Hermione just shook her head.They were pulled up to the castle, and directed towards the Great Hall, where many stories reached their ears. People were enthusiastically talking about a flying car they had spotted above the train. That gave Gale and Hermione enough to make an educated guess on who was in it.They shared a look, filled with a mix of fear and acceptance. The two sighed in unison, before reluctantly splitting to their own tables.The sorting and feast were very similar to last year, but because of his worry, Gale missed almost everything. He was able to catch Hermione as they left, grabbing her loosely by the arm."Hermione, can you explain everything tomorrow morning?" He asked, quietly.She gave a thin-lipped nod, her eyes filled with anger.It was the next morning, when the studious two learnt about their friend's idiocy."You are completely mental." Gale stated, his face had gotten progressively paler throughout the three's story, and now looked as if he was about to be sick.Nova hopped a little in her seat, "It was really cool, I mean the train's cool and all, but arriving via flying car. I think that makes us the coolest people ever." Gale's jaw dropped, before he shook his head and stood."I'm going to class now.""You haven't received your schedule yet." Said Nova.Gale forced a smile, "No… but I can see Professor Flitwick, who is handing out the Ravenclaw schedules." He stated, then turned and rushed over to the tiny professor. "Professor! Can I have my schedule?"Flitwick gave him a considering look, then nodded, "Good luck this year, Mr. Lupin." He extended the paper to Gale, who sent him a thankful smile.He was just about to leave when shout rang out through the Great Hall, originating from the Gryffindor table."STEALING THE CAR, I WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN SURPRISED IF THEY'D EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT TILL I GET HOLD OF YOU, I DON'T SUPPOSE YOU STOPPED TO THINK WHAT YOUR FATHERAND I WENT THROUGH WHEN WE SAW IT WAS GONE –"It was Mrs. Weasley. She obviously agreed with Gale and Hermione and had sent Ron a Howler. It was deafening, and under rapid consideration, Gale left the Hall. Loud shouting echoing from behind him. As soon as the shouting faded, Gale looked at his schedule. First class was double Charms, with Slytherin.Gale set of, navigating the corridors, and changing stairs like he was never gone. He arrived at Charms and settled in his chosen seat. Quietly he pulled out his books, then relaxed in his seat. It wasn't often that he found time to relax before class last year, and he knew that it was likely to be the same this year. At least there wasn't the Philosopher's Stone or Quirrell to worry about.Soon, Professor Flitwick, and the rest of his class arrived. Then he spent the next two hours taking notes on casting a shrinking charm, and how to reverse it. Then he was off to the most dreadful experience ever.Defense Against the Dark Arts with Gilderoy Lockhart.They had barely sat down when Lockhart cleared his throat loudly, even though the room was fairly quiet. He stood and picked up a copy of his book, one that belonged to a flustered Ravenclaw girl."Me," he said, pointing at his image on the cover, winking as well. "Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner of Witch Weekly's Most Charming-Smile Award - but I don't talk about that. I didn't get rid of the Bandon Banshee by smiling at her!"He paused for people to laugh; a few of the girls giggled."I see you've all bought a complete set of my books -well done. I thought we'd start today with a little quiz. Nothing to worry about just to check how well you've read them, how much you've taken in -" And he went around the room, passing out a substantial stack of paper, before to the front of the class and said, "You have thirty minutes - start - now!"Gale only had to read the first question to figure out how this year was going to go.1. What is Gilderoy Lockhart 's favorite color?2. What is Gilderoy Lockhart's secret ambition?3. What, in your opinion, is Gilderoy Lockhart's greatest achievement to date?It went on and on, for three pages. If Gale had any rebellious bone in his body, he would have thrown his quill down and refused to do the 'test'. But since he was not a Gryffindor, no matter his parentage, he slouched down and began answering the stupid questions.Thirty minutes later, Lockhart went around to collect the papers, and shuffled through them."Tut, tut - hardly any of you remembered that my favorite color is lilac. I say so in Year with the Yeti. And a few of you need to read Wanderings with Werewolves more carefully - I clearly state in chapter twelve that my ideal birthday gift would be harmony between all magic and non-magic peoples - though I wouldn't say no to a large bottle of Ogdeds Old Firewhisky!"He Smirked widely, giving the class a exaggerated wink. Casting a look around, most of the boys looked as though they had been tortured, while quite a few girls listened with rapt attention. Gale focused on the desk at the front, jumping when Lockhart mentioned him."… but Mr. Gale Lupin knew my secret ambition is to rid the world of evil and market my own range of hair-care potions - good job! In fact," he flipped over Gale's paper, "full marks! Where is Mr. Gale Lupin?"Aghast, Gale raised a hand."Excellent!" beamed Lockhart, bouncing almost like Nova, just with less charm. "Quite excellent! Take ten points for Ravenclaw! And so - to business -"He bent down behind his desk and lifted a large, covered cage onto it."Now - be warned! It is my job to arm you against the foulest creatures known to wizard kind! You may find yourselves facing your worst fears in this room. Know only that no harm can befall you whilst I am here. All I ask is that you remain calm."Most of the class leaned forward, muttering quietly amoung themselves. Even Gale found himself peering curiously at the covered cage."I must ask you not to scream," said Lockhart, lowly. "It might provoke them."The whole class held its breath, filled with anticipation, Lockhart whipped off the cover."Yes," he said dramatically. "Freshly caught Cornish pixies."It was then that almost every girl in class slouched. Gale felt his eyes un-focusing, as Lockhart began warning them about the creatures. Gale knew enough about Cornish pixies without the teacher's nattering. His father often enthused about some of the odder magical creatures, and Gale always listened. Anything Lockhart had to say was bogus compared to Remus.There was a brief moment where, Lockhart looked as though he were about to open the cage, but he stopped. There went learning anything in DA.As Lockhart went on, Gale pulled out a piece of paper, and began to write a pleading letter to his dad.Dad,I find myself in need of your superior knowledge and aid. We have come to realise our teacher in Defence Against the Dark Arts is a bit naff. He almost released Cornish pixies into the classroom with out explaining them to us.I want you to come and teach us. You always made learning fun and engaging… please dad… I'm begging youLove from your favorite child,GaleUnfortunately, after DA he had to go eat lunch and he found himself sitting with the others. Hermione was in the middle of presenting her transfigured buttons."Nice." Said Gale, as he sat down next to her.Ron crossed his arms, "Would you stop, we get it, you are smart.""What've we got this afternoon?" said Harry, hastily changing the subject."Defense Against the Dark Arts," said Hermione at once."Why," demanded Ron, seizing her schedule, "have you outlined all Lockhart's lessons in little hearts?"Nova practically jumped across the table in order to peer at the paper in his hands. Hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing furiouslyThey finished lunch and went outside into the overcast courtyard. Hermione sat down on a stone step, along with Gale and buried her nose in Voyages with Vampire, Gale simply pulled out his letter to proofread. Just a little way away Nova, Harry and Ron stood talking about Quidditch.Gale buried himself into his words, ignoring the world around him. Until an extremely familiar voice rang out across the courtyard."Signed photos? You're giving out signed photos, Potter?"The two on the step looked up. Draco Malfoy was stood just behind a small mousy-haired boy with a large camera. Flanking him were his large and brutish companions, Crabbe and Goyle."Everyone line up!" Malfoy roared to nearby students. "Harry Potter's giving out signed photos!""No, I'm not," Harry snapped, his fists clenched into fists. "Shut up, Malfoy.""You're just jealous," piped up the small camera boy."Jealous?" said Malfoy, speaking normally, as he had caught the attention of the whole courtyard. "Of what? I don't want a foul scar right across my head, thanks. I don't think getting your head cut open makes you that special, myself."Gale sighed and stood, why couldn't Draco ever just be nice?"Eat slugs, Malfoy," snapped Ron angrily.Both Crabbe and Goyle, Gale was really curious what their first names were, stopped laughing, stepping forward in an attempt to intimidate them."Be careful, Weasley," sneered Malfoy. "You don't want to start any trouble or your Mommy'll have to come and take you away from school." He put on a shrill, piercing voice. "If you put another toe out of line' - "A small group of Slytherin fifth years laughed loudly. "Weasley would like a signed photo, Potter," smirked Malfoy. "It'd be worth more than his family's whole house -"Ron whipped out his wand, which had been shoddily repaired after their arrival, but Hermione snapped Voyages with Vampires shut and whispered, "Look out!""What's all this, what's all this?" Gilderoy Lockhart was striding toward them, his turquoise robes swirling behind him. "Who's giving out signed photos?"Harry just opened his mouth, but was cut off when Lockhart flung an arm around his shoulders and rumbled cheerily, "Shouldn't have asked! We meet again, Harry!""Come on then, Mr. Creevey," said Lockhart, beaming at the camera boy. "A double portrait, can't do better than that, and we'll both sign it for you."He fumbled for his camera and took the picture as the bell rang behind them, signaling the start of afternoon classes."Off you go, move along there," Lockhart called to the crowd, then turned and led Harry away."He is vile." Said Nova.Gale gathered his things and began back to class, "Who, Draco, or Lockhart?"Nova struggled for a moment, "I… I… Both… Yeah both."Gale smiled, but Hermione jumped in."Professor Lockhart isn't bad; he's done a lot for the wizarding world." She defended."I'll give you two months." Gale said, before ducking away from the group to head to Potions.At dinner, Gale was prepared to send his letter to his father."He actually let them out?" Gale's voice went shrill with disbelief.Harry nodded vigorously, "And he made us deal with it.""What spell did he try?""Peskipiksi Pesternomi."Gale let his head fall against the table, "He made that up." He looked up at Hermione, "Surely you know that right. The best spell to use against Cornish pixies is either a stunning spell, which only works on one, or Immobulus, which can slow a large group."Hermione sniffed, "And how do you know that, are you the teacher?""No, but my dad always wanted to be.""Then why isn't he?" inquired Nova.Gale bit his lip, "Conflict of interest.""Because you'd be his student?" Harry asked.Gale shook his head, "Ministry issues."Ron nodded vigorously, "They can be bloody vindicative."Two days passed, and then there was a conflict. Of course, Gale had to learn it from Hermione during the other's detention, but it made little difference. He was angry. Gale paced, feet hitting the ground loudly as he went back and forth."I can't believe he called you that." Gale growled, "I thought he could be a friend, but no he had to go insult my best friend." He slammed a book hard on the library table."Gale, calm down." Hermione tried, "I didn't even know what it meant."Gale stared at her, "But he did. And he still used it." He snapped, swallowing when she flinched. "I'm sorry.""it's fine.""It's really not." Gale's voice softened, as he sat down beside her, "Here I am getting upset, and snapping at you, that I haven't asked you the most important question."Gale reached out and grabbed Hermione's hands in his, Amber eyes glittering with apology."How are you?"With that Hermione burst into tears. Gale closed his eyes and pulled her closer, wrapping himself around her. Her tears soaked Gale's robes, as he ran a hand through her bushy hair. They sat their curled up together for quite a while before she pulled away."It hurts. I thought I had found my place… I don't think I have.""Hermione," Gale leaned forward, and wiped some tears from her cheeks. "You have found a place. Everyone has bullies, even people like Draco Malfoy."Hermione nodded, then gave him a weak smile, "Thanks." She whispered.He grinned at her, "Welcome. Now, can we plan some fictional revenge as therapy?"She let out a watery laugh before nodding. Gale pulled her closer, and began writing out on one of their abandoned pieces of parchment, scrawling out every detail for his revenge."A death day party?"Gale stared at the others. Harry was sitting beside a very jittery Nova, while Ron grinned. Hermione gave him a soft smile, then nodded. This was definitely a bizarre way to start a Sunday."I know." Ron said sagely, "I had the same reaction.""I don't mean to be rude; I just don't think that would be very hospitable for living guests." He responded slowly. "And that would mean missing the Halloween feast."Nova stilled, "Harry, we can still go to the feast… right?"In response, Harry flushed, "I mean, we could just stop in before the feast… or after."Gale considered for a moment, "I would say after, just in case they don't have food."However come Halloween, none of them were terribly enthusiastic about the party. But at seven o'clock, they walked straight past the warmly lit Great Hall, and its rich pumpkin smells, and going down toward the dungeons. The passageway leading to Nearly Headless Nick's party had was lined with candles that fit the season well. They were long, thin, and jet-black, all burning bright blue, casting a ghostly light over their faces. The temperature dropped with each step they took. As they drew closer the grating sound of thousands of fingernails scraping a massive blackboard."Is that supposed to be music?" Ron whispered.They turned a corner and saw Nearly Headless Nick standing at a doorway hung with black velvet drapes."My dear friends," he said mournfully. "Welcome, welcome . . . so pleased you could come. . ."He swept off his crested hat and bowed them in. It was an extraordinary sight. The dungeon was filled of hundreds of ghosts, who drifted around a crowded dance floor, waltzing to the appalling, shaky sound of musical saws, played by an orchestra on a black-draped platform. The chandelier overhead blazed midnight-blue with a many more black candles. Their breath formed a mist as they exhaled; it was like stepping into a freezer."Shall we have a look around?" Harry suggested, shifting uncomfortably."Careful not to walk through anyone," said Ron nervously, and they set off around the dance floor."Well this is cheery." Nova commented, as the passed a group of melancholy nuns, a ragged man in chains, and the Fat Friar, a cheerful Hufflepuff ghost, who was talking to a knight with an arrow sticking out of his forehead. Even the Bloody Baron, a gaunt, staring Slytherin ghost covered in silver bloodstains, was here, though other ghosts gave him a wide berth."Oh, no," Hermione, stopped abruptly. "Turn back, turn back, I don't want to talk to Moaning Myrtle -""Who?" asked Harry."She haunts one of the toilets in the girls' bathroom on the first floor," said Hermione."She haunts a toilet?""Oh, you mean the out of order one?" Nova asked."Yes. It's been out-of-order all last year because she keeps having tantrums and flooding the place. I never went in there anyway if I could avoid it; it's awful trying to have a pee with her wailing at you -""Look, food!" said Ron."I wouldn't trust it." Gale advised, as they headed towards a long table, covered in black velvet.Ron approached it eagerly but stopped in his tracks, horrified. The smell was quite repulsive. Large, rotten fish were laid on handsome silver platters; cakes, burned charcoal-black, were heaped on salvers; there was a great maggoty haggis, a slab of cheese covered in furry green mold and, in pride of place, an enormous gray cake in the shape of a tombstone, with tar-like icing forming the words, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington, died 31st October, 1492.Gale went pale, just as a portly ghost walked through the table, his mouth held wide open."Can you taste it if you walk though it?" Harry asked him."Almost," replied the ghost sadly, then drifted away."I expect they've let it rot to give it a stronger flavor," said Hermione knowledgeably, pinching her nose and leaning closer to look at the putrid haggis."Can we move? I feel sick," Ron muttered.They had barely turned around, however, when a little man swooped suddenly from under the table and came to a halt in midair before them."Hello, Peeves," Harry cautiously, greeted.Unlike the other ghosts, Peeves the Poltergeist was the opposite of pale and transparent. He had donned a bright orange party hat, a spinning bow tie, and a broad grin on his wide, wicked face."Nibbles?" he asked, offering a bowl of peanuts covered in fungus."No thanks," said Hermione."Heard you talking about poor Myrtle," said Peeves, his eyes glittering. "Rude you was about poor Myrtle." He took in a deep breath then hollered, "OY! MYRTLE!""Oh, no, Peeves, don't tell her what I said, she'll be really upset," Hermione frantically whispered. "I didn't mean it, I don't mind her - er, hello, Myrtle."A pale ghost of a girl had glided over. She had the glummest face, half-hidden behind lank hair and thick, pearly glasses."What?" she said sulkily."How are you, Myrtle?" said Hermione in a false, bright voice. "It's nice to see you out of the toilet." Myrtle sniffed."Miss Granger was just talking about you -" said Peeves slyly in Myrtle's ear."Just saying - saying - how nice you look tonight," said Hermione, glaring at Peeves. Myrtle eyed Hermione suspiciously. "You're making fun of me," she said, silver tears welling rapidly in her small, see-through eyes."No - honestly - didn't I just say how nice Myrtle's looking?" said Hermione, nudging Harry and Ron painfully in the ribs."Oh, yeah -""She did -""Don't lie to me," Myrtle gasped, tears suddenly flooding down her face, all while Peeves chuckled happily. "D'you think I don't know what people call me behind my back? Fat Myrtle! Ugly Myrtle! Miserable, moaning, moping Myrtle!""You've forgotten pimply," Peeves leaned forward and hissed.Moaning Myrtle burst into grief-stricken sobs and fled. Peeves followed, attacking her with moldy peanuts, yelling, "Pimply! Pimply!""Oh, dear," said Hermione sadly.Nearly Headless Nick now drifted toward them through the crowd."Enjoying yourselves?""Oh, yes," was the collective lie."Not a bad turnout," said Nearly Headless Nick, proudly. "The Wailing Widow came all the way up from Kent… It's nearly time for my speech, I'd better go and warn the orchestra…"The orchestra abruptly stopped at that very moment. They, and everyone in the dungeon, fell silent, looking around in excitement, as a hunting horn sounded."Oh, here we go," said Nearly Headless Nick. bitterly.Through a dungeon wall burst forth a dozen ghost horses, each ridden by a headless horseman. The crowd clapped wildly. The horses trotted to the middle of the floor and halted, rearing. At the front of the pack was a large ghost, his bearded head tucked under his arm, as he blew the horn.The ghost leapt down, lifted his head high in the air so he could see over the crowd, causing laughter, and strode over to Nearly Headless Nick, cramming his head back onto his neck."Nick!" he cried. "How are you? Head still hanging in there?" He gave a hearty chortle, clapping Nearly Headless Nick on the shoulder."Welcome, Patrick," Nick said, stiffly."Live 'uns!" said Sir Patrick, spotting the quintet and giving a huge, faux jump of surprise, causing his head fell off again; nearby ghosts howled with laughter."Very amusing," said Nearly Headless Nick darkly."Don't mind Nick!" shouted Sir Patrick's head from is place on the floor. "Still upset we won't let him join the Hunt! But I mean to say - look at the fellow -""I think," said Harry hurriedly, "Nick's very - frightening and - er -""Ha!" shouted Sir Patrick's head. "Bet he asked you to say that!""If I could have everyone's attention, it's time for my speech!" Nearly Headless Nick said loudly, striding toward the podium and entering an icy blue spotlight. "My late lamented lords, ladies, and gentlemen, it is my great sorrow . . ." But everybody's attention was somewhere elseThat somewhere else was Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt, as they started a game of Head Hockey. Nearly Headless Nick tried hopelessly to recollect his audience, but gave up when Sir Patrick's head went sailing past him to loud cheers."I can't stand much more of this," Ron muttered, his teeth chattering.The orchestra jumped back into action, meaning the ghosts swept back across the dance floor."Let's go," Harry agreed.They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming at anyone who looked at them, and a minute later were hurrying back up the passageway full of black candles."Pudding might not be finished yet," said Ron hopefully, leading them back to the entrance hall."Mm, pudding." hummed Nova, eyes closing as she imagined it before her.Gale grimaced, "Maybe we could all just grab something from the kitchens, so we don't cause a disturbance." Hermione nodded, lightly, in agreement."It's the Great Hall, we won't cause any problems going there." Ron stated.Gale glanced back the way they came; he was certain that they really could. Especially if last year had taught him anything.

They had just reached the top of the staircase when Harry staggered into the wall."Harry!" Nova yelped, immediately circling to support him."Harry, what're you -?""It's that voice again - shut up a minute -"Gale's confusion was palpable, but he didn't ask, instead moving closer."Listen!" said Harry urgently, and everyone froze.The halls were silent. In fact, Gale glanced up and down the corridors, seeing no one. Everyone else was at the feast. Harry's gaze moved to the ceiling. Gale sent the others a worried look, but no one saw, they were too focused on Harry."This way," he suddenly shouted. Harry bolted up the stairs, into the entrance hall. Gale cautiously followed, keeping to the back, as Nova, Hermione and Ron clattered after. Harry sprinted up the marble staircase to the first floor."Harry, what're we –""SHH!"Gale pulled back, making a small hum. Hoping to hear whatever Harry was, he closed his eyes and focused. Standing still, he strained his ears, but nothing sounded different. Gale opened his eyes, only to see the group gone.He nodded to himself, and took a step back towards the Great Hall. Gale was rather hungry, and they couldn't really blame him, could they. He stood there, indecisively looking back and forth, then decided that food sounded better right now.Backtracking, Gale slid into the Great Hall, where many students were settled into their own conversations, mid-dessert. He found a seat near the end of the Ravenclaw table then grabbed a few small items to eat. And he ate them quickly as he was uncertain how much longer the food would be there.Gale kept an eye on the nearby Ravenclaws, hoping that nobody had noticed his late arrival. None appeared to be aware of any changes.Because of his late arrival, the food vanished mid brownie. Gale hesitantly followed as loud movement began in the hall. He tried to stick close to the front, if only so he could spot his friends. They went over too the second floor, thousands of loud voices filled the corridor, along with thunderous footsteps.Gale's eyes locked on the strange sight. Nova, Harry, Hermione, and Ron were all stood near dark red words. "The chamber of secrets has been opened. Enemies of the heir, beware." Just below the words were a familiar cat. Mrs. Norris was hanging from the torch by her tail.Everybody else went quiet as they spotted the sight before them. Someone was shoved into Gale, who stumbled into the wall.Moving past was Draco, who bit out, "Enemies of the Heir, beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!"That shout attracted more interest."What's going on here? What's going on?" Argus Filch shouldered his way through the crowd, stopping when his eyes fell on his cat. "You! You! You've murdered my cat! You've killed her! I'll kill you! I'll -" He took a few steps towards Harry."Argus!" came the low demand of Dumbledore's voice.Just behind him were a number of other teachers. Dumbledore swept past the gathered students and detached the suspended cat."Come with me, Argus," he said to Filch. "You, too, Mr. Potter, Miss Lestrange, Mr. Weasley, Miss Granger."Lockhart stepped forward, "My office is nearest, Headmaster - just upstairs - please feel free -""Thank you, Gilderoy," said Dumbledore.The silent crowd parted to let them pass. Lockhart, looking excited and important, hurried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall and Professor Snape.Gale turned to watch his friends, but made no move to follow. As they disappeared down the hall, theories were thrown around energetically.Glancing back, Gale's eyes met Draco's. The blonde's head ducked down, cheeks turning pink, but gale paid him no mind. Instead, he bolted back to his common room, hoping to find some information on the Chamber of Secrets.Gale breezed past the knocker's riddle, then ran up the stairs to his room. He flew throughout the room, digging around his luggage. With great glee, he lifted his copy of Hogwarts, A History, by Bathilda Bagshot above his head. He lightly set it on his bed, then sat down. He pulled the book to him, then began to skim over the contents, searching for the Chamber of Secrets.He pulled his blankets around him, becoming absorbed into history. Occasionally, Gale would take a few notes, or reach out to pet Alexa, who was stretched out in the middle of his bed.Gale sat reading throughout the night, wand tip glowing, just to provide light. His mind focused entirely on his research."Merow!"Gale jumped his eyes jerking around the room, until his gaze landed on the irritated black cat sitting before him. He grimaced, at her then cast a look to the nearby window. Faint morning light streaked through the glass, dust floated through the air, now visible with the early sunlight.Gale carefully moved his book to the side, and slide out of the blankets. He was still dressed, but he wanted to at least try to make himself presentable.Bolting down the tower, with his notes and book in hand, Gale slid into the group's typical meeting spot at the Gryffindor table. He flipped the book open on the table, then grabbed a few croissants, and his morning chocolate milk.Despite his excitement, he wasn't sure about presenting any of his gathered knowledge to his friends. So, when Nova muttered a greeting then flopped into her seat, he stayed silent.Just because Gale kept quiet didn't mean the rest of the school was willing to. Filch had taken the attack on his cat very seriously, and paced where she had been left, he even went at the writing on the wall with Mrs. Skower's All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover, which did absolutely nothing.In the following days, Gale and Hermione had sheltered away within the Library, doing as much research as possible on the Chamber of Secrets and, after it was explained that Mrs. Norris was petrified, anything that could cause petrification.Unfortunately, even with Gale's, copy of Hogwarts, A History, they could find little about the Chamber. All that had been written was that it was rumored to have been created by Salazar Slytherin, then sealed away. There was little else to go on.Hermione let out a frustrated groan, throwing herself across the book in front of her."Same." Gale muttered, slamming a copy of Fantastic Beasts and where to Find Them shut."Why can't we find anything on this chamber?" She rubbed her face, "It must exist, because why else would it be mentioned at the attack?"Gale curled up around Alexa, who was purring in his lap. He absently began scratching her back, and tried to think, but his mind felt like mush."We need to take a break." He sighed, feeling defeated.Hermione stacked their collective books, and stood."We can't give up Gale, this is important.""I know it is 'mione, but I'm wreaked." Gale lifted his cat up to his shoulder, where she settled. "We've found nothing of value, and if we wanted to narrow down what creature, or thing, that petrified Mrs. Norris, we need more information." He leaned forward, eyes pleading with her.She let out a soft growl, before her body seemed to sag, "Yeah, okay."Gale nodded, then grabbed half of the book pile, He efficiently put the book back on their respective shelves, then moved to the door. Hermione was right on his heels.Together they left, both having to inform the others that they had no helpful knowledge.A day passed, with little change, until they gathered at the Gryffindor table that evening."We have information!" Hermione practically shouted at Gale, as the three red wearing students slid into their seats."What?" Nova asked blearily. She had fallen asleep at the table.Harry leaned forward, "Hermione interrupted Professor Binns and asked him about the Chamber of Secrets.""Really?" Gale perked up, gaze turning to regard Hermione, "What'd he say?"Hermione took a breath, "The founders began to argue about who were being admitted into Hogwarts, Salazar Slytherin wanted it to be kept within magic users, and their families. Of course, he was outvoted. He hated the Muggle-born students, which caused an argument between Slytherin and Gryffindor, ending with Slytherin leaving." She took in another breath, "According to legend, Salazar Slytherin hid a sealed chamber inside the castle, which only his heir can open. He didn't know what was in the Chamber. He just called it a horror that would purge the school of those unworthy to study magic.""No wonder there isn't much information on the chamber." Gale murmured, settling back."How would you seal of a chamber like that, Gale?""Blood Wards." Was his immediate response."Blood Wards?" Harry asked."Wards directly linked to a family bloodline. Most of the time they are used as a protection of sorts, but you can make a version that only activates or does something when that bloodline is in contact, or does something."Nova's nose wrinkled in befuddlement, "Then why weren't they used during the first war?""Because they often require the individual casting it to give up a piece of them. Like their magical essence. So, it's kinda not that efficient."Hermione hummed, in acknowledgement. They all fell into a comfortable silence, as they ate. They were miway through desert when nova spoke."We should go investigate the hall." She stated it as a fact.Hermione cast a nervous glance towards the teachers, "I don't know, that seems a bit risky.""Can't hurt to have a poke around." Harry said, not looking up from his food. Gale gave a hesitant nod, they did need more information on what was happening.The group easily slipped out into the corridor, and scrambled to the scene of the attack. Turning the corner, it was very apparent nothing had changed, sure Mrs. Norris was gone, but the area still had that eerie feeling which lingered.They split up, each carefully running over the area. Harry lowered himself to his knees, Nova examined the nearby walls, Hermione and Ron went to the window. Gale stepped closer to the script on the wall.Gale reached out and ran a hand across the dark red letters, then pulled his hand back to look. The letters remained unchanged, and his hand was clean.Gale's eyes flickered across the writing, it had been written fairly low to the ground, and upon silent contemplation, Gale had to rule out anyone who was older than them, as many of the older students would have written it far higher.He hated having to consider that it was a first-year student who had written the message."Come and look at this!" said Hermione. "This is funny…"The five gathered around Hermione, moving to the window next to the red words. Hermione pointed at the top pane, where a line of spiders were fighting to get out through a small crack in the glass."Have you ever seen spiders act like that?" Hermione inquired.Gale leaned closer, "No, this is very new.""No," Harry echoed, then looked behind him, "have you, Ron? Ron?"Noca let out a soft snicker, and Gale followed her eyeline to a very pale Ron. His body was tense, fight or flight response starting to kick into gear."What's up?" said Harry."I - don't - like - spiders," said Ron tensely."I never knew that" said Hermione, looking at Ron in surprise. "You've used spiders in Potions loads of times…""I don't mind them dead," said Ron, who was carefully looking anywhere but at the window. "I just don't like the way they move…"Hermione giggled, which caused Nova to let out a loud laugh."It's not funny," said Ron, fiercely. "If you must know, when I was three, Fred turned my - my teddy bear into a great big fiIthy spider because I broke his toy broomstick ... You wouldn't like them either if you'd been holding your bear and suddenly it had too many legs and…" He shuddered.The girls exchanged gleeful looks, before they both broke out into laughter. It echoed in the hall, and Gale found himself smiling along, despite feeling sympathy for Ron. It was pretty amusing."Remember all that water on the floor? Where did that come from? Someone's mopped it up." Harry spoke, attempting to corral the group's amusement."It was about here," said Ron, happily moving away from the spiders, "Level with this door."His hand extended for the brass knob, but drew away before touching it."What's the matter?" asked Harry."Can't go in there," said Ron. "That's a girls' toilet.""Oh, Ron, there won't be anyone in there," said Hermione, as she moved over to him. "That's Moaning Myrtle's place. Come on, let's have a look."She reached out and opened the door, ignoring the large OUT of ORDER sign. Nova was quick to follow, with Harry matching her pace, leaving Gale and Ron outside.Gale awkwardly gestured, "After you."Ron sent him a glum look, but went in without a word.Gale slid int after them. It was a very unwelcoming bathroom. The mirrors that hang above the sinks were cracked and spotted, and the sinks themselves were chipped, weathered from a lack of care. The floor appeared green from mildew, but it wasn't slick, so no one was going to be slipping across the floor. The stalls were tilted slightly, and paint was flaking off of the surface, leaving the wood beneath exposed.Hermione put a finger to her lips, then set off to the end stall. She carefully opened the door, and said, "Hello, Myrtle, how are you?"Nova scampered up behind, with the boys following close behind. Moaning Myrtle was floating above the toilet tank, eyeing the boys with suspicion."This is a girls' bathroom. They're not girls.""No," Hermione nodded. "I just wanted to show them how er - nice it is in here." She waved behind her, towards the chipped sinks.Harry mouthed something to Hermione, and Gale shifted forwards, catching the tail end, '…she saw anything'"What are you whispering?" said Myrtle, Eyes locking onto Harry."Nothing," Harry quickly replied. "We wanted to ask -""I wish people would stop talking behind my back!" said Myrtle, barely holding in a sob. "I do have feelings, you know, even if I am dead -""Myrtle, no one wants to upset you. Harry only -" Hermione tried."No one wants to upset me! That's a good one!" howled Myrtle. "My life was nothing but misery at this place and now people come along ruining my death!""Myrtle, we just wanted to know if you saw anything strange after leaving the party Halloween night." Nova pushed, "a cat was attacked just outside you're door, and we though you might know something.""Did you see anyone near here that night?" asked Harry."I wasn't paying attention," said Myrtle, dramatically. "Peeves upset me so much I came in here and tried to kill myself Then, of course, I remembered that I'm - that I'm ""Already dead," offered Ron, skilllessly.Myrtle let out a grievous sob as she rose up, in one motion she flipped, diving headfirst into the toilet sending water to the floor with a splash, as she disappeared from view.Gale tilted his head to Hermione, silently asking if this was at all worth the time."Honestly, that was almost cheerful for Myrtle… Come on, let's go."Hermione led them out, Harry was the last one out. He had just closed the door when a loud voice made them all jump."RON!"Just down the hall was a familiar read-head, Percy Weasley. He had frozen at the top of the stairs, expression completely shocked."That's a girls' bathroom!" he gasped. "What were you -?""Just having a look around," Ron shrugged, nonchalantly. "Clues, you know -"The prefect's chest puffed up, and a stern look spread across his face."Get - away - from - there -" Perry said, striding toward them to usher them away, his arms flapping. "Don't you care what this looks like? Coming back here while everyone's at dinner -""Why shouldn't we be here?" demanded Ron, fiercely, stopping short to glare at Percy. "Listen, we never laid a finger on that cat!""That's what I told Ginny," said Percy fiercely, "but she still seems to think you're going to be expelled, I've never seen her so upset, crying her eyes out, you might think of her, all the first years are thoroughly overexcited by this business -""You don't care about Ginny," Ron snapped, his ears were growing very red. "You're just worried I'm going to mess up your chances of being Head Boy -""Five points from Gryffindor!" Percy said tersely, fingers running over his prefect badge. "And I hope it teaches you a lesson! No more detective work, or I'll write to Mum!"The he was practically stomping down the hall, features just as red as Ron's ears.They all exchanged looks, then with great trepidation split up."Let me know if I got this right. You want to brew some Polyjuice Potion in order to interview Draco Malfoy, because you believe him to be the heir of Slytherin." Gale's head dropped when the three nodded."I'm in." Nova piped up."I'm not." Gale snapped, "This is unlikely to be anyone who went to school last year, as it's happening this year.""Oh, come on, you can't know that for certain." Ron scoffed.Nova looked between Ron and Gale,"What's your reasoning?" She asked, eyes glittering.Gale bit his lip, then responded, "If it was someone from our year, why did they wait until now. Why not do this last year? And why did they write their message so low? I mean I'm barely four foot three, but if I wrote that message I would have to crouch uncomfortably.""Short people exist." Nova pointed out."Nova… you can't talk, you're taller than me."Harry chuckled, "She does raise a point though.""But" Gale raised a finger, "Draco is taller than me, by a fair margin.""That doesn't rule him out though." Hermione said."Well, no, but come on, he's a prat, but he wouldn't hurt anyone like that.""You have a lot of confidence in him." Harry commented.Gale shook his head, "Because I give everyone the benefit of the doubt… Draco is not his father."Nova vigorously nodded, "Just like I am not my mother."He sent the others a pointed look, "I will not be helping you faff about trying to incriminate Draco."Then he stood from his spot and left the hall, hoping that his departure made them all think a bit before they inevitably ran off to do exactly as they previously stated.Gale loathed to admit that he relied heavily on his connection to the three Gryffindors and one Hufflepuff. He spent a week being ignored by Nova and Ron, and even though she wasn't ignoring him, Hermione hadn't talked to him as much the weeks following their plan. Harry was the only one acting relatively normal, but even the boy-who-lived had no explanation for their friends' oddities.Harry slid into the seat across from Gale, rubbing his eyes wearily."You okay?" Gale rasped; voice heavy with exhaustion.Harry yawned, "Oliver has been wearing us down this year." A tired smile tugged at his lips, "I love Quidditch, but Oliver takes it to a new level.""Ha! All you sporty people are weird to us nerds." Gale pretended to adjust his non-existent glasses. Harry let out a soft chuckle."Is Nova still not talking to you?""Nope." Gale pursed his lips, "I don't know why she isn't though, I just gave you lot my opinion."Harry nodded, "and me and Hermione understand that. I guess Ron and Nova don't see it that way."Gale shrugged, cluelessly."I have no idea, I thought she agreed with my reasoning when I brought it up.""It's Nova." Harry stated, "She isn't very linear.""Pulling out the big words there, Potter." Gale teased, Slipping his homework away.Harry laughed, but he turned his attention to the unfinished essay in front of him."Are you coming to the game this Saturday?" He inquired, quill still above his parchment.Gale slumped, "I guess I will. It's you guys versus Slytherin, right?"Harry grinned, "Yeah.""Then I'll be there."Gale walked with Harry down to the pitch come that Saturday. He wished his friend luck, before navigating the chaos of the stands. Eventually, Gale found a spot without his other friends, eyes focused intently on the ground below.Considering last years game, he had a right to be nervous for Harry, Gale did not want him dead.The crowded stands grew loud as the teams walked out onto the pitch. Even from a distance the tension between the two Captain's was felt, both trying to intimidate the other.The whistle rang out, and the green and red players rose into the air. Gale focused on Harry, as he flew higher above the others. Only a few seconds later a Bludger went flying toward him.Gale's eyes snapped to where the ball had come from, but neither of the two Slytherin beaters were anywhere near there. Gale rose, his gaze settling back on Harry.Harry went streaking across the pitch, the Bludger mirroring his movements.What was going on? Gale was not fantastic with Quidditch rules, but he was certain that Bludgers were not supposed to concentrate on a single player.The Gryffindor beaters, the Weasley twins, kept close to Harry, trying desperately to keep the ball from hurting him. This went on for quite a few minutes, and the longer it went on the more anxious Gale got.The Gryffindor team called for a time out, but to Gale's astonishment, the game resumed, and Harry was left on his own with the stray Bludger.In attempts to avoid the ball, Harry went twirling through the air, leaving Gale to perch nervously on the edge of his seat. There was a brief moment where Harry paused, allowing the Bludger to slam into him. Harry's arm went slack before he aimed towards Draco.Harry reached out to grab something, before careening into the muddy earth below.Gale sprang from his spot and raced down the stand, dodging the chaotic student body. He bolted across the wet field and slid over to Harry.The raven-haired boy's arm was completely knackered, arm bent at just the wrong angle. Gale lowered next to him and began trying to make a basic splint for his friend. Gale barely noticed the sudden appearance of Gilderoy Lockhart, who pushed him aside.Harry let out a low moan, "Oh, no, not you.""Doesn't know what he's saying," said Lockhart loudly to the anxious crowd gathering around them. "Not to worry, Harry. I'm about to fix your arm.""No!" said Harry. "I'll keep it like this, thanks…"Gale pushed at the 'Professor', "Harry should be immediately taken to the hospital wing." He pressed."He should really, Professor," agreed a very muddy Oliver Wood, who was grinning despite Harry's injury. "Great capture, Harry, really spectacular, your best yet, Id say -""Stand back," Lockhart commanded, as he rolled up his jade-green sleeves."No." Gale groaned as Lockhart waved his wand over Harry's arm.It was an unpleasant sight. Harry's arm flashed a pale green, then seemed to turn into a jelly. It dropped under its own weight, moving unpleasantly with Lockhart's ministrations. If Gale had to guess, he would say that the arm had no bones."Ah," said Lockhart. "Yes. Well, that can sometimes happen. But the point is, the bones are no longer broken. That's the thing to bear in mind. So, Harry, just toddle up to the hospital wing - ah, Mr. Lupin, would you escort him? - and Madam Pomfrey will be able to - er - tidy you up a bit."Gale helped Harry up, glaring angrily at the fraud of a teacher they had been saddled with for Defense.Madame Pomfrey seemed to agree, both with Gale's assessment of the 'injury', and of Lockhart."You should have come straight to me!" she raged, examining what remained of Harry's arm. "I can mend bones in a second - but growing them back - ""You will be able to, won't you?" asked Harry, desperately."I'll be able to, certainly, but it will be painful," said Madam Pomfrey grimly, tossing Harry a pair of pajamas. "You'll have to stay the night…"Gale carefully helped Harry into his pajamas, stuffing the rubbery arm into a sleeve. Past the drawn curtain, they could hear Nova lambasting Lockhart, and Hermione's crush on him. Hermione had little defense, besides "it was a mistake'."It doesn't hurt anymore, does it, Harry?""No," Harry responded, getting into a bed. "But it doesn't do anything else either."Gale vanished around the curtain, to cautiously talk to Madam Pomfrey."How do you regrow bones?" He asked, quietly."Skele-Gro." She responded, grabbing a bottle with the same label, "It is a very painful process, and rather unpleasant. You should have taken him straight to me."Gale ducked his head, following her, "I tried, but Professor Lockhart didn't listen."Madam Pomfrey scoffed, then bustled around Harry. She carefully gave him some Skele-Gro, then whisked away, back to her office."We won, though," said Ron, a grin breaking across his face. "That was some catch you made. Malfoy's face ... he looked ready to kill…""I want to know how he fixed that Bludger," said Hermione, darkly."We can add that to the list of questions we'll ask him when we've taken the Polyjuice Potion," said Nova, as she settled into a chair next to Harry."I hope it tastes better than this stuff …" Harry muttered."If it's got bits of Slytherins in it? You've got to be joking," said Ron.Gale rolled his eyes, just as the hospital wing doors burst open. the rest of the Gryffindor team had arrived to see Harry still covered in wet mud."Unbelievable flying, Harry," said George. "I've just seen Marcus Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about having the Snitch on top of his head and not noticing. Malfoy didn't seem too happy."The team were ladened with a variety of cakes, sweets, and bottles of pumpkin juice; they gathered around Harry's bed and were just about to start an impromptu party when Madam Pomfrey came storming over."This boy needs rest; he's got thirty-three bones to regrow! Out! OUT!" She ushered everyone out.Nova grinned to the others, "Party in Gryffindor tower?" She asked brightly.One of the Weasley twins smirked, "We're game, right."Gale shook his head, as the team agreed. He split off heading straight up to his room, where he flopped into the mattress. Alexa curled up against him, and Gale found himself dozing off to her loudly purring in his ear.Hello! Sorry for not uploading last Sunday, but it was Thanksgiving, and I have been preparing for the 13 days of Halloween, where I make 13 vaguely Halloween art pieces. There will be a piece for both Gale and Nova, so if you want to see those, head over to my Deviantart.I thank you all for the follows, but honestly Please review, this is a hobby, but I still want to learn more and I can't do that if I don't get any input.~~~~~ Wolf

Gale spent a good amount of the following days, sequestered inside the library. Book sat in piles, forming large walls around him as he navigated the pages, hoping for some sort of information on the possible culprit behind petrifying Mrs. Norris, and recently, Colin Creevey.He knew the others had locked onto Draco, even though there was little evidence against him. Gale understood that Draco wasn't always that nice, but he was not a Death Eater like his father, who claimed he wasn't.Placing his fiftieth book off to the side, Gale lifted his arms up, allowing his back top pop slightly. He was stiff, and tired. Slowly he replaced his many books upon their shelves before leaving the Library.The halls were quiet, with only a few students milling about. Gale gave those he passed a small smile, but stayed as isolated as he could. When he finally passed the entrance hall, He noticed a group near the notice board.Curious, he moved up to see what had captured their interest.There was new piece of parchment inviting students from all houses to join the new dueling club. Below that was the time, scheduled for that evening at eight o'clock.Sending a cursory look over the words, Gale nodded. He was not a proficient dueler; his talents lay more in Potions and Charms, so he was definitely going to at least the first meeting, if not all of them.Gale slipped into the Hall and sat down beside Hermione. She was alone at the table, with what appeared to be an essay spread out before her. Humming to himself, Gale pulled out his own essay and extended it out to her."Shall we proofread?"Hermione sent him a relieved grin, and took his parchment. The two sat their in comfortable silence, only occasionally breaking it to ask the other questions.They hastily tucked away their work when the others joined them for dinner.Gale left the group, heading up to the Ravenclaw tower to check up on Alexa, Then, he hurried back down to wait outside the Great Hall.He pulled out his journal on Lycanthropy and it's known aids, just to do something while he waited.When a large group of students passed him, Gale took that as a sign that it was time, so he slid his book away and stood. Dusting himself off, he took a few calming breaths, it was only the first day, so it couldn't go that bad.Entering the Hall felt like a new experience. The long house tables were no where to be seen, and a large golden stage had been set up along one wall. The large space felt cramped, as many students had come to see what the dueling club was all about.Gale glanced around, spotting Nova with the others. He beelined straight to them."Do you know who's going to be running this?" He asked, conversationally.Nova huffed, then turned to look at him."No." Was her curt response.With a deep sigh, Gale tugged her closer. He leaned in and muttered quietly to her."What did I do?"Nova bit her lip, "I'm being an idiot.""What?" Gale was confused, "How does that explain why you are acting so oddly?""Your too nice, Gale." She snapped, "I don't understand why you are so willing to defend Malfoy when he has done nothing but bully us."With a shake of his head, Gale responded, "He is just following what his father would do… like me.""Your dad would run from adventure?""Yeah, if he could." Gale glanced back to the others, "Are we fine?""Yeah."The two moved back to Harry, Ron and Hermione."Someone told me Flitwick was a dueling champion when he was young - maybe it'll be him." said Hermione, conversationally."As long as it's not -" Harry started, then cut himself off with a moan of despair.Everyone followed his eyeline to a confident Gilderoy Lockhart, donned in deep plum robes, with Snape accompanying him.Lockhart waved an arm, catching the chatting students' attention."Gather round, gather round! Can everyone see me? Can you all hear me? Excellent! Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me permission to start this little dueling club, to train you all in case you ever need to defend yourselves as I myself have done on countless occasions - for full details, see my published works. "Let me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape," said Lockhart, flashing a wide smile."He tells me he knows a tiny little bit about dueling himself and has sportingly agreed to help me with a short demonstration before we begin. Now, I don't want any of you youngsters to worry - you'll still have your Potions master when I'm through with him, never fear!""Wouldn't it be good if they finished each other off?" Ron muttered below his breath.Snape was looking peeved as always, in fact it was astonishing that Lockhart was still up there. If Snape had sent that look at any of his student's they would have fled.The two Teachers turned to face each other, then gave a bow. Well, Lockhart gave a flourishing dip, whereas Snape jerked his head in a facsimile of a bow."As you see, we are holding our wands in the accepted combative position," Lockhart told the silent crowd. "On the count of three, we will cast our first spells. Neither of us will be aiming to kill, of course.""I wouldn't bet on that," Harry murmured, causing Nova to giggle."One - two - three -"Each swung their wands above their heads, before pointing them at their opponent.Snape let out a cry of, "Expelliarmus!"There was a blinding flash of scarlet light, and Lockhart was sent into the wall. He slid to the floor, and a large amount of the Slytherins cheered.Hermione anxiously peered over the surrounding students, "Do you think he's all right?""Who cares?" said Harry and Ron in unison.Lockhart got unsteadily to his feet. Slowly he straightened his robes, ignoring the mess of his wavy hair."Well, there you have it!" he said, tottering back onto the platform. "That was a Disarming Charm - as you see, I've lost my wand - ah, thank you, Miss Brown - yes, an excellent idea to show them that, Professor Snape, but if you don't mind my saying so, it was very obvious what you were about to do. If I had wanted to stop you it would have been only too easy - however, I felt it would be instructive to let them see . . ."Every word that came out of Lockhart's mouth caused Snape to look more and more murderous, and Lockhart must have noticed, because he quickly changed topics."Enough demonstrating! I'm going to come amongst you now and put you all into pairs. Professor Snape if you'd like to help me -"The two slowly moved through the crowd and partnered everyone up. Harry was forced to fight Draco, and Ron was partnered with Finnigan.Snape turned to look at Gale and Nova, "Lupin, you will be with Mr. Goyle…"Gale felt himself shrink, as he looked to the larger boy. He knew Crabbe and Goyle were not the best magic users, not many second years were, but they were large and willing to use their size against others."Wands at the ready!" shouted Lockhart. "When I count to three, cast your charms to disarm your opponents - only to disarm them - we don't want any accidents - one ... two ... three -"Gale was quick, muttering, "Expelliarmus."His spell sent the larger boy to the floor, less because of its power, but because of it's disorienting nature. Hesitantly, Gale took a few steps forward and offered Goyle a hand."Stop! Stop!"Gale jerked, Hand snapping back. He raised his head to look towards Lockhart.That was the wrong thing to do, as Goyle charged him, sending them to the floor. His head blossomed with pain, as his head collided with the floor of the Hall. Gale let out a startled yelp, that quickly became a moan of pain.He struggled desperately against the Slytherin, but was unable to escape.Suddenly, Goyle went flying across the room. Gale curled up, looking overt to see who had cast the spell. Nova was there, her wand outstretched with an angry glare directed at the offending Slytherin.She took in a shaky inhale, then offered Gale a hand. With ease he was lifted to his feet beside her, but he stumbled into her, as his head ached. It wasn't to bad, but he would like to at least check in with Madam Pomfrey later.Lockhart wandered out amongst the sea of chaos, helping up a few of the students."I think Id better teach you how to block unfriendly spells," said Lockhart, looking quite flustered. He sent a glance to Snape, "Let's have a volunteer pair - Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley, how about you -""A bad idea, Professor Lockhart," said Snape, gliding over to stand by Lockhart. "Longbottom causes devastation with the simplest spells. We'll be sending what's left of Finch-Fletchley up to the hospital wing in a matchbox." Snape's eyes swept over the hall, until they landed on Harry. "How about Malfoy and Potter?""Excellent idea!" Lockhart exclaimed, gesturing for the two to get on stage.Harry sent Gale and Nova pleading looks, but followed the blonde Slytherin onto the stage. Lockhart got close to Harry and gave him some instructions, dropping his wand in the process."I hate him." Nova commented. Gale nodded; eyes focused entirely on Harry.Lockhart walked away, standing on the edge of the stage, then shouted, "Three - two - one - go!"Draco was the first to raise his wand shouting out, "Serpensortia!"From the end of his wand sprang a long black serpent. It fell to the floor, heavily, and raised itself as if to strike. The nearby onlookers screamed, backpedaling as fast as they could."Don't move, Potter," Snape stated, rising with a small smirk, "I'll get rid of it...""Allow me!" shouted Lockhart.Without pausing to think, Lockhart brandished his wand at the snake, causing a loud bang to erupt. Instead of vanishing, the snake was lifted about ten feet into the air then it fell back to the floor. Enraged the snake hissed, and slithered straight for the nearest student.Harry moved forward, and loud unfamiliar hiss escaped his mouth. His hissing caused the snake to turn and regard him, no longer angered.Harry looked to the student the snake had poised to attack."What do you think you're playing at?"Gale's mouth went dry, and he glanced at his friends. They all looked surprised at Harry's new talent.Nova bolted over to get him, while the other three went straight to the Gryffindor common room. They only had to wait a few minutes for Nova to enter, dragging along a very confused Harry. Gale patiently waited for Harry to sit down, before he jumped right in,"You're a Parselmouth.""I'm a what?" said Harry."A Parselmouth!" Ron repeated. "You can talk to snakes!"Harry shifted, "I know, I mean, that's only the second time I've ever done it. I accidentally set a boa constrictor on my cousin Dudley at the zoo once - long story - but it was telling me it had never seen Brazil and I sort of set it free without meaning to that was before I knew I was a wizard -""A boa constrictor told you it had never seen Brazil?" Ron repeated faintly."So?" said Harry. "I bet loads of people here can do it." "Oh, no they can't," said Ron. "It's not a very common gift. Harry, this is bad.""What's bad?" said Harry, starting to feel quite angry. "What's wrong with everyone? Listen, if I hadn't told that snake not to attack Justin -""Oh, that's what you said to it?""What d'you mean? You were there - you heard me -""I heard you speaking Parseltongue," said Ron. "Snake language. You could have been saying anything - no wonder Justin panicked, you sounded like you were egging the snake on or something - it was creepy, you know -"Harry gaped at him, "I spoke a different language? But - I didn't realize - how can I speak a language without knowing I can speak it?"Ron shook his head. Nova was pensively staring at the burning fire, while Ron and Hermione looked terrified."D'you want to tell me what's wrong with stopping a massive snake biting off Justin's head?" Harry demanded. "What does it matter how I did it as long as Justin doesn't have to join the Headless Hunt?""It matters, because being able to talk to snakes was what Salazar Slytherin was famous for. Nova murmured, finally looking at Harry. "That's why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent.""Exactly," said Ron. "And now the whole school's going to think you're his great-great-great-great-grandson or something -""But I'm not," Harry squeaked."You'll find that hard to prove," said Hermione. "He lived about a thousand years ago; for all we know, you could be."Gale finally spoke up, "Except I'm pretty sure that the Potter line can be traced back to Godric Gryffindor." He looked to Hermione, "Heroes of the Magical World, Volume II.""Either way, people are still going to talk." Nova said, standing. "Gale, shall we head off to bed?"Gale hesitantly nodded, but he sent Harry a comforting look as he stood."Even if you were related to Salazar, blood does not determine your worth, you do." With a decisive nod, Gale linked arms with Nova and left.As they began towards the Ravenclaw tower, his head let out a sharp pain. He winced and brought up a hand to lightly pet at the sore spot."Can we go to the Hospital wing instead?"Nova's eyes went wide, then they darkened. She gave him a sharp nod but stayed quiet.Only a day later, in the midst of Transfiguration, was there more alarms raised."ATTACK! ATTACK! ANOTHER ATTACK! NO MORTAL OR GHOST IS SAFE! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! ATTAAAACK!"The class stumbled to their feet, and Gale found himself shoved to the side.He ended up stuck in the back and could barely see past the chaos in the hall. Harry was standing, eye wide just before the unmoving form of a Hufflepuff boy, and only feet away was the floating form of Nearly Headless Nick. Both had expressions of fear painted across their faces."Caught in the act!" Shouted a nearby Hufflepuff, pointing directly at Harry.Nova shoved past him, to observe the scene."That will do, Macmillan!" said Professor McGonagall sharply. She moved forward to check out the student on the ground. While they were examining them, Peeves broke into song:"Oh, Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done,You're killing off' students, you think it's good fun -""That's enough Peeves!" barked Professor McGonagall, Peeves zoomed away, with a farewell raspberry to Harry.Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department moved the Hufflepuff student, while the other puzzled out what to do with the stiff ghost. In the end, Professor McGonagall conjured a large fan, which she gave to the accusing Hufflepuff with instructions to fan Nearly Headless Nick up the stairs. Most of the students followed those two groups, but Nova, Gale and Harry were left standing with Professor McGonagall."Mr. Lupin, Miss Lestrange head back to class." She turned to Harry, "This way, Potter," she said."Professor, I swear I didn't -" Harry tried."This is out of my hands, Potter," said Professor McGonagall curtly.Nova opened her mouth as if to argue, but Gale jabbed her with his elbow."Don't." He hissed, quietly.She growled, irritably, but stayed quiet as Harry and the Professor left them. Gale carefully linked arms with her, then pulled her into an unused classroom."We need to figure out who is doing this." Gale stated.Nova rolled her eyes, "And we have. It's obviously Malfoy.""Draco should be in Defense right now.""So." Nova snapped, "We have no idea how this Slytherin horror works, for all we know he just gives it a weekly itinerary."Gale paused; Salazar Slytherin could talk to snakes. He froze as an epiphany struck him."Nova, I'll be in the Library, I think I have figured it out."He didn't let her respond, as he bolted out the door and down the hall. He raced past some Slytherins, only to be sent sprawling across the floor.Gale simply glared, as he pushed himself back up, and walking the rest of the way to the library.He easily navigated the shelves, looking for the book on snakes. Flipping through the pages he engulfed himself into the notes on magical serpents. He went through quite a few pages before he found the one he thought it had to be.A Basilisk. Sure, a direct look from one of the great beasts could kill someone, but the others had only seen it though something. Mrs. Norris saw it through the water Moaning Myrtle had left. The Gryffindor boy had seen it through his camera, and the Hufflepuff had seen it through a ghost.It even explained the spiders that Hermione had seen.Gale let out a noise of triumph, only to be shushed by Madam Pince. He ducked his head and muttered a soft apology, then slipped his books back where they belonged.He had to glance out the window to try and figure out the time. He nodded when he took in the evening light, and glanced down to check to make sure his books then sent a brief look back to the window.Then Gale noticed something reflecting in the glass that made chills run down his spine. There were large golden eyes peering at him through the glass, and the dark form of a serpent.Everything seemed to freeze, and for a brief moment he could feel himself falling, before everything went dark.
