This takes place someplace in the 5th year around the middle of the first term, months before the 'lake incident'. The Marauders have finished their Animagi transformations, so they've gone on a couple of full moons with Remus. The Marauder's Map is nearly finished, so that's why it's being used here.I think that the relationship with James and Lily wasn't as bad as people make it out to be. I mean, obviously she hated him whenever he was bullying Snape, but I don't think it would prevent her from having small talk with him. They were in the same year and house, after all. Their relationship turned sour after the lake incident, but in this story, James apologizes immediately after returning to Hogwarts as 6th years.Chapter One: Of Wolf and SnapeSeverus Snape was sat completely still in a broom closet just outside of Gryffindor Tower. He kept himself a distance away from the Marauders, minus Lupin, who was sick as usual. They had their backs to him and were talking in quiet, even tones. He hid in the shadows, as he always had and it was so dark that not even Severus could see his own hands. The only source of light came from a dying torch that sputtered fumes of dim fire, and from the light of the full moon streaming through the open window.He laughed inwardly at the three of them. Severus had never used the term Marauder. It was stupid and childish, but then again, thought Severus begrudgingly, there were no other words to describe that lot.He heard snippets of their conversation. He caught something about Moony and the Whomping Willow. Potter held a piece of parchment in his hands, but Severus couldn't see what was on it.Suddenly they all turned in his direction, and keeping care not to look at the broom closet, Severus noted, they stepped in through the portrait hole slowly. Finally, Snape reached out his hand to the door handle and was about to leave when suddenly a mocking voice jeered at him."Come out, Snivellus, I know you're there."Severus closed his eyes. Sirius Black. He had no idea what to do now.Severus pushed the door of the broom closet open and brandished his wand at Black, who had his wand pointed at him too.Black raised an eyebrow, smiling scathingly. "Really Snivellus, I didn't think you'd sink this low. Sneaking and slithering around like the little snake you are, what the bloody hell were you thinking?"Severus hissed, a low, chilling sound. "Sod off, Black. What I do is none of your business.""None of my business?" said Black disbelievingly. "What, you expect me to believe that you're going to ask me or James or Peter on a date?"Severus said nothing."Or maybe," said Black coldly, but then smiled sinisterly. "You want to ask darling Lily Evans?"Severus inhaled sharply, and his insides filled with rage. He raised his wand, about to curse Black to oblivion, but then his wand flew out of his hand towards Sirius Black's outstretched arm."You'll have to be quicker than that, Snivellus," said Black, contempt dripping from every word."Give me my wand back, you filthy blood traitor!"Sirius inclined his head. "Certainly."He tossed the wand in the air like he was playing tennis, and then trained his own wand at it as it fell."Depulso!"Severus's wand shot towards him before he could react and slammed into his forehead, causing sparks to fly out of the tip. He slumped to the ground."Be careful what you wish for, Snivellus," said Black, and he stepped towards him, his wand raised.Severus couldn't pretend that he wasn't scared; he was dazed and hurt, and Severus was unable to reach for his wand. He closed his eyes, bracing himself for a curse...It didn't come.Severus looked up cautiously. Black was studying him, his eyes tracing over Severus's face."You're so eager to get answers," said Black slowly, any trace of loathing in his voice gone, replaced by mock understanding. "You want to know why Remus gets sick all the time."Severus remained silent. Black stepped forwards again and leaned down, his face inches away from Severus's."There's an opening between one of the roots of the Whomping Willow," whispered Black. "Touch the knot above it, and it'll lead you to the answer to your question."Then Black backed away, next to the Fat Lady. He whispered the password to it and he put one leg through."Go there at your own risk, Snape," said Black, his expression unreadable. "Don't say I didn't warn you."And he stepped through. The painting swung shut behind him.Snape was breathing heavily. He snatched his wand up and scrambled towards the open window. He could see the Whomping Willow in the moonlight, thrashing and whirling about. Then suddenly, the tree froze.As he watched, he saw Madam Pomfrey emerge from beneath the tree. She dusted herself off and made her way back to the castle.Severus's interest was piqued. He stood up, and looking left and right, disappeared down the corridor.James was sitting in the common room talking to Marlene and Lily. He saw Sirius come through the portrait hole – he assumed that he'd taken care of the Snape problem, and was about to call him over when suddenly Sirius ducked his head and avoided his gaze. He practically ran towards the boy's dormitories.James raised an eyebrow at him through the ceiling. He turned to Lily and Marlene, who were also taken aback at Sirius's weird behaviour. He gave his best mate five minutes to get comfortable. If he'd lost his fight against Snape... Well, there was always the full moon to cheer him up."Excuse me, ladies," he said swiftly. "Let's go, Wormtail."He and Peter ascended the stairs and knocked on their door. There was no sound coming from inside. James opened it forcefully and found Sirius sitting on his bed, a bottle of firewhisky in hand. James noticed that there was another bottle on top of his bedside cabinet."Padfoot?"Sirius gave a start and stared at James and Peter as though he'd just realized they were there. He gave a grunt in greeting and turned back to his bottle, downing it in one go."How did it go with Snape?" asked Peter tentatively."It went fine." His answer was short and swift.James frowned. It was unlike Sirius not to gloat about his duels. He looked all right to James physically. At least, there weren't any visible injuries, so James figured that he'd gotten out fine."Sirius, is something wrong?" asked James.Sirius shook his head and summoned another drink."All right, then," said James uncertainly. "And stop drinking, Padfoot. We don't want a repeat of the first full moon. A drunk dog is a bad dog."James and Peter chuckled at the memory, but Sirius didn't join in. In fact, when James mentioned the full moon, he'd gone white as a sheet.James ignored it, chalking it up to the drink. "Well, I reckon we should get an early start. I'll get my cloak out. Here, Wormy, hold the map.""We can't go," mumbled Sirius. He took another gulp of firewhisky.James and Peter looked at him."What?" said Peter."We can't go," repeated Sirius.James stooped down until he was face to face with him. "Why can't we go?""Because, Prongsie," slurred Sirius drunkenly, "Snivellus's ugly face'll be there."There was a pause before anything happened. James looked at him sharply. "What did you say? What do you mean Snape'll be there?"Sirius looked at James, his eyes unfocused. "Moony'll have Snape to keep him company tonight, Prongs, I told him how to get past the Whomping Willow." Sirius grinned, sloshing firewhisky all over himself. "Serves him right, that stupid – fucking – snake. Always sneaking around for answers, t-trying to get us expelled..."James and Peter were too horrified to say anything."We won't have to w-worry about him anymore, Prongs!" exclaimed Sirius delightedly, his eyes crossing. "That bastard's as good as dead!"Sirius looked so damned pleased with himself, and he finished the bottle before any of them could open their mouths. James recovered first. He looked at Sirius as though he didn't know him at all."You have no idea what you've done," murmured James, slowly backing away from him, "No idea. To Snape, to Remus, to yourself..."Sirius ducked down, about to grab another bottle of firewhisky, but James had had enough. He pointed his wand at Sirius, and instantly the drapes on his bed sprang to life and wrapped themselves around his body. Sirius yelled and shouted profanities at him, but James was staring at him, cold fury in his eyes."You fucking prat, you're going to get all of us expelled, you're going to get Snape killed!" James rounded on Wormtail. "Call Dumbledore – anybody with authority, and get someone in here to guard Sirius!"Peter nodded, a determined look on his face. "What're you going to do, James?"James looked at Sirius with distaste. "I'm going to fix this mess he's put us in," his voice shook with anger. "I'll be back. Don't follow me."James took the map from Peter. He dashed down the stairs, past Lily and Marlene who shot questions that he left unanswered, past the Fat Lady, who called after him, all the way down to the doors that led to the grounds, to the Whomping Willow..."Alohomora!"The doors swung open with a groan and he took off, running as fast as he could. He could see Snape's billowing cloak as he got closer, he could see him running as well, running towards the thrashing tree. As James watched, Snape levitated a branch and glided it towards the opening; with a slight nudge, the tree stood still, and Snape disappeared down the passageway.No, thought James.He tried to run faster, but it was no use: the Whomping Willow still seemed as though it was miles away. With a wave of his wand, James sprang into the air and landed on all fours, taking on the form of a great, regal stag.He sprinted across the grounds with renewed speed, and he jumped again once he was close to the Whomping Willow; he turned back to his normal form in mid-air and flew past the jerking branches of the tree, right into the hole – he landed on his feet and pain flared all the way up to his waist, but he ignored it, he had to get to Snape, he could see his dark, greasy hair swishing from side to side now –"SNAPE!" bellowed James, "TURN BACK!"Snape whirled about, his wand at the ready, and saw that it was James. He sneered at him."Too late now, Potter," said Snape softly, his eyes glinting with malice. "By the end of the night, you and your friends will have been expelled."James yelled in frustration, closing in on him despite the fact that he was being held at wandpoint. "You don't understand! You have to run – run now before it's too late –"Snape fired a jet of yellow light at him, but James dodged, rolling to the ground and unsheathing his wand while he did it, and shot a curse of his own.Snape deflected it with a fast flick; another wave and James suddenly felt the ground sink at his feet. The earth was rising quickly, swallowing him whole, suffocating him –And then he thought of Remus, he thought of what he'd become, that Snape did not know what he was walking into –"Ascendio!" he gasped.He rose up into the air, following the movement of his wand arm, and he crawled out of the hole. He was losing sight of Snape. He had only a few moments before they would encounter a ruthless beast so terrifying, its victims would rather die than become one of their kind…James picked himself up and dashed through the tunnel."Snape!" he tried again. "Please, you don't know what you're doing –"Snape's laughter rang humorlessly throughout the passageway."You don't understand," pleaded James, "turn back – turn back now..."James couldn't see Snape at all now, he was hiding in the shadows again, and James had no idea where he was this time, but he didn't care, his only goal was to stop Snape from reaching the Shrieking Shack –"Sectumsempra!"James had not expected the curse and it hit him swiftly in the chest. Cuts and gashes appeared instantly, and his blood splattered the ground. James gasped and fell to his knees, he was yelling now, he couldn't concentrate through the pain..."No," he croaked out, struggling to breathe, "Snape, please..."But Snape was gone. He had gone through the shadows and entered the Shrieking Shack."No..."And then a scream pierced the night, reverberating through the tunnel and rolling across the grounds of Hogwarts, and then Moony howled: a sound so haunting James put his hands over his ears and curled into a ball, trying to block out the noise, but he got up, ignoring the pain and the loss of blood and he stumbled through the darkness and climbed the stairs of the shack.There he was: Snape, a terrified expression on his face, cornered by a wolfish beast with teeth as sharp as razors and claws as long as speartips, standing about twice as tall as him. Moony seemed surprised to see him there, but even more than that: he looked delighted, a kind of hunger present in his eyes. He bared his teeth at Snape and gnashed his mouth, savouring in the fear that exuded off of him.The werewolf pounced, and for a moment Snape froze, unable to do anything, but then James pointed his wand at his friend and yelled, "Confringo!"The blast was so powerful that the surrounding furniture caught fire and disintegrated. The shack groaned and shook. Moony whimpered, having been thrown to the wall, confused and hurt..."RUN, YOU IDIOT!" bellowed James at Snape, "ARE YOU BLIND? HE'S A WEREWOLF!"Snape gulped and practically flew towards James, not bothering to look back. He descended the stairs and James heard his footsteps grow fainter.James heard Moony shuffling and moaning behind him, recovering from his curse. He shot another spell at him that went wild, and he followed Snape out of the Shack.He raced back down towards the secret passage, nearly passing out from exhaustion, but then he heard a fearsome growl that made his hair stand on end. Adrenaline surged through his body. He thanked Merlin for the rigorous Quidditch exercises he had put himself through and found the strength to run.He had nearly caught up with Snape when suddenly another howl sounded – louder and more horrifying than the last. James and Snape glanced back, petrified, and saw only a creature of brown and black running towards them."Protego!" shouted James. The shield charm burst out of his wand, and he willed it to bend and curve, taking in the form of the werewolf –Moony shattered the shield as soon as he came in contact with it, but it had slowed him down. James shoved Snape forwards and they both bolted, a werewolf hot on their heels.Snape tripped over his own robes and took James down with him. The werewolf leapt past them, unable to stop himself and allowing his momentum to carry him. He skidded to a halt and turned to James and Snape, a grinning maliciously.James's mind was racing. Moony had blocked the only way out, and he was advancing slowly, his eyes on his prey, great black beads that bounced from James to Snape to James...And it pounced once again, a terrifying black mass of evil and dark magic, and James had no choice but to transform and meet it midair. The werewolf yelped in surprise as a familiar shape crashed into him, antlers pressing down on Moony's skin and trapping his legs over his head –Prongs gave a mighty shove and Moony slammed into the wall, dazed. James transformed back."Come on!" he snarled to Snape. "He's not going to stay down for long…"They both hurried off towards the Whomping Willow. The smell of grass and forest was getting stronger. There was nothing up ahead, they would make it, James was sure they would –And if I don't, thought James furiously, I'll kill Sirius in the afterlife. But the sound of four paws hitting the ground made him stop, and he turned around just in time to conjure another shield as Moony roared at him, biting and clawing at his spell.James held on, his wand steady and his face set, not about to let the big ugly wolf win."Go," said James through gritted teeth, his eyes boring holes into the wolf's face. "Get out of here."Snape remained silent, and to James, it felt as though he was about to protest, but he turned around and marched off. James narrowed his eyes at the werewolf."And you, Moony," he growled, "are going to sleep."He thrust his wand forward, forcing the shield charm to fly, the werewolf in front. He landed a good 10 feet away from James."Incendio!" exclaimed James, and he flicked his wand up. Instead of bursting out of his wand, fire erupted from the ground between him and the werewolf and rose up, creating a wall that separated them both.Moony snarled and gnashed his teeth, but he seemed unwilling to go through the flames."Scared of fire, huh?" muttered James, "Great…"Memories flooded his mind; he saw him and Sirius and Peter during their first successful Animagus transformation; he saw the Marauders laughing in their dorm, after telling Remus that it was going to be alright; he saw them walking down Hogsmeade, flirting with Madam Rosmerta as she passed them, not a care in the world…Despite what was happening, James smiled. He whirled his wand, and shouted his last spell. "Expecto Patronum!"The stag erupted from the tip of his wand and cantered around him. He waved his wand about his head, his Patronus following its movements, and then he pointed it straight at Moony.James's stag charged, reaching the flames and bending it so that it would cover its body; it ran straight at Moony, who gave a great yelp and tried to bite it, but James's stag was too quick. It shoved its flaming antlers straight at Moony's side, impaling it slightly, and then the werewolf gave a whimper of pain.For a moment they were a blur of fur and fire, clashing so fiercely that James winced through his Patronus, but Moony seemed unable to harm the stag, and the stag kept pounding the werewolf over and over again with fire and magic...The flaming stag reared on its back legs, towering over Moony, and then it lowered its head, about to strike again –But Moony fled towards where they had come from– back to the Shrieking Shack. Its howls were full of anguish, and James felt an immense pang of guilt.James's Patronus turned back to James, awaiting his command. He gave his wand a slow, sweeping wave, and the Patronus dissolved in a whirl of flames and silver.He stumbled back, now realizing how much pain he was in. The journey back to the castle grounds was long and tiring, but when he crawled through the hole, he found Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, and Madam Pomfrey all moving their way towards him.He collapsed on the ground. McGonagall gave a cry of surprise, but Madam Pomfrey had already whipped out her wand and conjured a stretcher, stripping James of his clothes. She dabbed at the wounds caused by Snape with dittany, and waved her wand over his various scars until Dumbledore said, "That's enough, Poppy."Dumbledore strode over to the unconscious James, pointed his wand at him, and said, "Rennervate."James's eyes flew open, and he looked at the Headmaster."Can you stand, James?" said Dumbledore gently.James gingerly moved his feet."I think so...""Then follow me. Now, please. This cannot wait."Pomfrey and McGonagall protested, saying that James needed rest, and he couldn't help but agree with them. Dumbledore, however, was having none of it."I don't think you understand the severity of the situation," said Dumbledore quietly, looking at the three of them. "I know you're tired, James, but you haven't been bitten, and neither has Snape. You must come with me."And so James followed the Headmaster all the way up to his office. They reached his brass door and entered his chambers.Inside, Snape was present, sitting completely still in one of the chairs, but when he noticed James and Dumbledore he sprang up to his feet."May I go now, Headmaster?" asked Snape.Dumbledore shook his head. "I'm afraid not, Severus. It is necessary that you be present. Sit down, please, James; this won't take long."James took a chair and set it as far away from Snape as he could dare. Dumbledore looked at them both from behind his great desk. He spoke first to Snape, telling him a brief summary of who Remus was. James pitched in, helping Dumbledore, trying to convince Snape that Moony was innocent..."...which is why," said Dumbledore, finally finishing, "you cannot tell anyone of this."Snape made to protest, but Dumbledore held up a finger for silence. "Mr Lupin has not done anything to warrant expulsion. Tell anyone, Severus, and the consequences shall be dire."Snape didn't look happy, but he nodded anyway. Dumbledore looked satisfied."To the Hospital Wing then, Severus." Snape rose and exited the office. Dumbledore turned to James."What do you think, James?"James forced his eyes open. He realized with a jolt that Snape now knew that he was an Animagus. Or had he not realized?"I think I should've made the Unbreakable Vow with him."Dumbledore made a noise of disapproval. "No, I don't think so. Severus already owes a great deal to you; an Unbreakable Vow would've tipped the scales, unbalanced your bond.""Bond?" asked James in disbelief, "I don't want a bond with him!""Severus now owes a life debt to you, James," said Dumbledore gently. "There may come a time in which you'll be very grateful to have that. Now, to other matters..."What did Mr Black tell you?"James was surprised, but he told the Headmaster of what Sirius had said to him. Dumbledore nodded, his eyes dim with disappointment."Sirius could have harmed you or Severus," said Dumbledore, "I'm afraid that he will have to face the consequences –""Surely not expulsion, sir?" butted James in, before he realized that he'd spoken out of turn. "Sorry, Professor. It's just – well, I'm sure he didn't mean to harm Snape. Or Remus, for that matter." James's words tasted bad in his mouth. Was he really sure of that? "He only wanted to scare Snape away...""I shall question him, and I shall assign a punishment fit for his actions," assured Dumbledore, "But the important thing is that neither you nor Severus were harmed, at least by Mr Lupin. You did a very brave, very heroic thing, James, which is why I'm giving you two awards to the school."James started, surprised, but Dumbledore went on. "One for outstanding bravery, showcasing true qualities as a Gryffindor, and the other for outstanding use of magic. Oh yes," added Dumbledore, smiling. "I could see what you were doing from above, James. I did not come to help because I was busy detaining Mr Black and Mr Snape, so I apologize greatly. Although, looking back, you hardly needed my help," Dumbledore looked at him appraisingly. "Very creative, thinking of combining those two spells.""Thank you, sir," said James sheepishly."I also think that a hundred points to Gryffindor are appropriate," finished Dumbledore.The clock chimed thrice, and Dumbledore jumped. "Dear Merlin, James, I'm sorry to have kept you this long. You're free to go to the infirmary."James made to leave."Oh, and James?" called Dumbledore, and James turned to him from near the door, "You make a fantastic stag."James did not go to the Hospital Wing. He couldn't imagine himself going to sleep alone after all that happened. His body was exhausted, having had to fight a fully-grown werewolf basically all by himself, and though his injuries had nearly gone and his bruises had vanished, he could still feel a sharp, stabbing pain in his chest when he breathed, over where Snape had cursed him.He lifted a hand and felt his scars. What had Snape cursed him with? As far as James knew, no mainstream curse caused injuries so bad that dittany was near useless. He didn't mind though; if anything, these scars served as a reminder to not let Sirius go too far.His mind was still swirling with thoughts as he dragged his feet over to Gryffindor Tower. The common room was empty and the lights were out. He climbed the stairs and found his way to his dormitory. Taking a deep breath, James knocked on the door.It opened immediately and he came face-to-face with Peter. He looked anxious to James, but when he saw who it was his face split into a huge grin."Prongs!" cried Peter, "There you are! Dumbledore said something..." He trailed off and pulled James inside, shutting the door behind him."Hey, Peter." James gave him a faint smile before turning to the mess that was Sirius Black, still trapped in his bedding.Sirius looked dreadful. His elegant hair was now messy and wet, as though Peter had splashed water on him. His wrists, James noted, were red with welts, courtesy of the bed curtains. His eyes were sunken and dark, and his normally handsome features were contorted into an ugly scowl."Explain yourself," snarled James.Sirius didn't answer. He looked away from James, instead choosing to stare at his empty bottles of alcohol."D'you have any idea of what you've done?" said James, his voice trembling. "You know Remus remembers everything that happens when he's in werewolf form. Why'd you do it?"Sirius stayed silent. James gave him a look full of disgust and undid the spell binding Sirius to the bed. Sirius instantly stretched his arms and massaged his wrists."Answer me, you git!" James spoke, his voice rising with every word. "What the bloody hell was going through your mind? Why'd you try to kill Snape?""I never meant to kill him!" muttered Sirius, now turning his back to him. "I just... wanted to teach him a lesson, that's all...""By using Remus as means of execution, yeah?" snapped James. "You're a coward. You're pathetic."Sirius whirled around, eyes ablaze. He was about to say something, but then thought better of it. He gritted his teeth, trying to calm himself down."I'm sorry, all right?""Why the fuck are you apologizing to me?" said James, scowl deepening and disappointment etched onto his face. "Save your words for Remus when he gets back."Sirius let out a growl of frustration. "I told you, I'm sorry, Prongs! Everything just... de-escalated-""There are boundaries, Sirius - boundaries that mustn't be crossed! You just told the worst possible person about Remus's secret, what do you say to that?"Silence ensued. Peter stood near the door, watching them argue, his mouth slightly open. He'd rarely seen James like this, as his temper was usually kept in control. Yet now... Peter knew that he was holding back, but he could feel the disappointment radiating off of him. He wasn't sure if he could take satisfaction in it – the cold fury that James was showing terrified Peter. His eyes darted nervously between James and Sirius, preparing himself for the fists they would surely launch.But James and Sirius continued to glare at each other, their eyes daggers and gripping their wands so tightly their knuckles were white. Finally, James sighed and looked away."I'm going to sleep," muttered James. "Maybe this will all turn out to be a bad dream... yeah..."He gave his wand a wave and settled into his bed. The curtains snapped shut and the lights went out.Sirius looked at Peter, a silent plea in his eyes. Peter only shook his head at him, and he, too, decided to call it a night.The next morning, James left first. He didn't bother changing into his school robes; he'd decided to skip classes altogether and accompany Remus in the Hospital Wing.He grabbed a small tray from the breakfast table and filled it with Remus's favourite foods: Hash browns and eggs and bread topped with marmalade and syrup. James didn't take any for himself. He couldn't bring himself to eat.James marched into the hospital wing at 8 o'clock. Only Remus and Madam Pomfrey were there, for which James was grateful. Madam Pomfrey gave him a nod and departed from Remus's side.James set the tray of food on top of the drawer next to Remus's bed."How're you feeling?" asked James.Remus looked terrible. There were numerous cuts on his face from where James had blasted him. He had bandages on his side, probably from where Prongs had stabbed him, and his hair was slightly singed.But Remus smiled tiredly. "I'm fine, I guess. Exhausted, but fine."James sat near the edge of his bed, watching silently as Remus ate his breakfast. He wanted so dearly to ignore the elephant in the room, but he couldn't. He was about to bring it up, but Remus beat him to it."How's Snape?"James gave him a look of surprise. "He's all right. Didn't get bitten, if that's what you mean. He cursed me when I was trying to pull him back, look."James was about to show him the scars, but then Remus shook his head."No thanks, James. I've seen enough blood for today."More silence followed. James didn't mind; he had half a mind to conjure a chair and doze off there, anyway."And Sirius?"James knew instantly what Remus meant. "I don't know," replied James helplessly. "I don't know why he did it. He knew the consequences, knew what he was getting himself into. I just... I don't understand him sometimes."Remus nodded as if he had expected his answer. James wondered whether Remus understood something he didn't, but he had no wish to find out."You remember everything?"Remus looked at him. "Yeah. It's a bit fuzzy, though. Most of the time I was trying to hold the wolf back, but you know what he gets like when he's in control. I don't have a say in anything. Best I could do was not to look."James nodded in understanding. "What're you gonna do about Sirius?"Remus closed his eyes for a moment before answering. "I don't know, James. I have no desire to talk to him. Or see him, to be honest. I never would've guessed that he'd do something like this."The rest of James's stay in the Hospital Wing was very uneventful. McGonagall came in once looking for him, but when she found that James was keeping Remus company, she bit her tongue to stop whatever she was going to say and calmly gave him and Remus the homework they had to do.James and Sirius wouldn't speak for many days afterwards. It was only when Sirius had pleaded, nearly in tears, for James and Remus to hear him out did he acknowledge him.James knew deep down that it would take a while for him to trust Sirius again. Sirius, his best mate, his brother- but when he said that in his head the memories of that night resurfaced and his feelings for Sirius broiled and hardened. It was just so out of character for him to do what he'd done to Snape.Eventually, James and Sirius repaired their friendship, and James felt that it was even stronger than before. He thought of it as a sword broken in battle: once strong, but had been dulled and crippled by the enemy, but made more powerful as it was reforged.Remus took a bit more time to learn to trust Sirius again, but eventually, he came around, for which Sirius was grateful. He would never admit it, but Sirius felt trapped, once the weight of his actions had sunken into him; he'd thought that he would lose the two best friends he had over a stupid prank.Well, it wasn't as much stupid as it was reckless and dangerous, anyway.

Chapter Two: PrologueJames entered the doors of the great hall for the first time as a sixth year with one goal in mind: apologize to Lily. He had had time to reflect over the summer, time he had used well. Lily's words washed over him once more, and he closed his eyes..."You think you're funny, but you're just an arrogant, bullying toerag, Potter."He inwardly cringed at himself. He hated to admit it, but it was those very words that had gotten to him, and it was Snape's insult at Lily that had shocked reality back into him: that no one was safe from Voldemort, and his influence had reached the school.He surveyed the scene before him – Dumbledore was smiling serenely at them, students were just beginning to get seated. He grabbed Sirius' and Peter's arms and led them over to the Gryffindor table. There they waited for the first years.Once the other students had seated themselves, the first years came barging in with Hagrid in front, soaking wet. One by one they were sorted, but James wasn't really listening. His mind wandered off– towards a fantasy land with the girl seated a few feet to the right of him...Dumbledore said his usual welcome speech once Wanton, Corvac had been sorted into Ravenclaw, and the food started to appear. James dug in.After an hour of eating and talking, Dumbledore once again stood up. "Now that our bellies are full," he began, "I'm afraid that it is time to go to bed. As fun and exhilarating as I'm sure your summers were, it is time to put it in the past and focus on school. Off to bed with you!"The wooden seats groaned as the weight of hundreds of students was suddenly lifted off it. James, Sirius, and Peter followed the Gryffindors, as Remus and Lily headed off to fulfil their duties as prefects.They entered the common room, packed to the brim with students of all years. Sirius shooed a third-year from an armchair who had fallen asleep in front of the fireplace and bid James and Peter sit down with him."That was downright mean of you, Padfoot," said James as he sat down on a comfy couch to the left of Sirius, and he watched the third year scramble up to the dormitories. Sirius shrugged easily and smiled."Had it not been for that act of selflessness, we wouldn't be sitting here, my dear James," Sirius's voice was dripping with pompousness and sarcasm, "Besides, why didn't he just go to the dormitories if he wanted to sleep? Doesn't make sense, really – Moony! Man of the hour."Remus Lupin entered the common room, scanned the mass of students, and finally spotted them in front of the fire. He ambled over to them."Or should Sirius say, wolf of the hour instead, seeing as tomorrow's a full moon?" said James, a smirk playing on his lips. Remus snorted at him and sat down at their feet, closing his eyes as he listened to Sirius ramble on about the chaos they were going to cause.James watched Sirius without really listening. His mind flitted back to the middle of the summer, to a miserable night that had been peppered with rain. He remembered hearing a knock on the door and he remembered answering it. He remembered how terrified Sirius had looked when he'd embraced him.I've run away, stated Sirius bluntly. I was hoping you'd give me a place to stay.It hadn't been much of a shock to either James or his parents. They knew what the 'Noble and Most Ancient House of Black' was like.It had been the most vulnerable that James had ever seen Sirius. James had spent many a summer night trying to calm Sirius down as he experienced his constant nightmares– he had held him, had consoled him, he had done his best to treat him like a brother.But was it enough? James knew Sirius was impulsive to the highest degree, and he had hoped that by showing him real familial love would, at the very least, shake him out of his old habits. Caring for Sirius, a Sirius that needed guidance from a person willing to give their love had certainly done that for James. He had, in the words of his father, become a better man.One day, he had sworn to himself, the people that had done this to Sirius, those stuck-up maniacs – they would pay.One day...Shaking his head, he focused on Sirius, who was still talking.They chatted well into the night, and by that time only 5 other people were left in the common room. Three of those happened to be Lily and his sort-of cousin Marlene, as well as Alice Fortescue, a nice, round-faced girl that was in a relationship with James's senior, Frank Longbottom. James had half a mind to go up to Lily and apologize right in front of her friends. Before he could muster the courage to even walk up to her, however, they abruptly got up and went to their dorms. This seemed to wake Remus up from his stupor."Reckon we should go up too, don't you think?" said Remus, struggling to keep his eyes open. The three boys agreed silently, and they too followed the girls up the dorms. They entered their room, where they found their usual four-poster beds with their trunks already underneath them."'Night, guys, see you in the morning." James waved his wand, and darkness fell on them as they lay on their beds to sleep.The next morning, James was the first to wake up. He glanced at Sirius sleeping on the bed next to him, and at Remus, who had fallen to the floor and was snoring soundly.James checked his wristwatch and decided that for once he was going to be early for a change. He showered quickly and went straight down to breakfast.On the way down to the common room, James looked around to find Lily and Marlene in front of the entrance with their bags, apparently about to go down to breakfast as well. Lily seemed to sense James' eyes on her and glanced back. She frowned at him, and with a disapproving look, exited first.Marlene looked at him pitifully and followed Lily out.Great start, James, he thought dejectedly, just get down to breakfast before anything else happens.And so he did. He found a seat at the Gryffindor table and loaded his plate with the usual breakfast: toast, eggs, and sausages.Half an hour in he glanced at his watch. 8:17. They should be coming in a few minutes.By 8:25 they still hadn't shown up, and James was starting to feel rather lonely when Marlene suddenly sat down next to him."Hey James," she said to him, "Any reason why you have a mismatched pair of shoes on?""What –," James glanced at his feet under the table. He had, indeed, mistaken his left shoe for Sirius's. "Oh, er – I dunno how that happened."Marlene's loud giggle passed through his ears. "I have your schedule. And everyone else's. Professor McGonagall gave them to me, don't forget to give them to the boys."You know," she continued, "I don't think waking up early suits you. Are you that desperate?"James stared at her."Oh, don't go around playing dumb, James," said Marlene impatiently, "It doesn't really suit you either. I know why you're down here without your usual cavemen. Or at least come up with an accurate guess.""Oh yeah?" said James, not about to let that deter him. "Guess away, then. I really couldn't care less, Marls." Marlene paused for a moment and looked at him incredulously."But you do care, James," said Marlene, "I'm not stupid, and she's not either, so why don't you get over it and talk to her?""What are you yapping –""You want to apologize, don't you?" interjected Marlene. "Lily appears to be under the delusion that you are incapable of feeling remorse, but I know you better. Prove her wrong. And might I advise," she added, as she stood up, "that you do it quickly before your little friends get here. Au revoir, James, love."And she left, leaving a very confused James behind her.Realizing he had about 5 more minutes before Lily would go to class (she was always early, that girl), he steeled his nerves and ambled over to where Marlene and Lily were. From what he could gather, they were about to leave the Great Hall. James summoned his inner Gryffindor and called out to her as she began walking to the doors."Evans! Hey – Evans!" James said, loud enough for her to glance back, but she kept on walking, "Lily! Please, I need to talk to you."That made her stop. James glanced at Marlene standing next to her, and she gave him a small smile. She murmured something to Lily and went off to wait for her a few feet from the door.Slowly, Lily turned around, and her eyes met James's."What is it, Potter?" she asked flatly. James decided that it was now or never. He took a deep breath before spewing out his thoughts."I just – I mean, I know how you must feel about me now, and I don't blame you. I've realized how much of an idiot I've been, and – ""Just get to the point, Potter.""I wanted to apologize," stated James quickly. "For everything – what I've put you through, especially last year, and all the years before that... on behalf of my friends, mainly Sirius." He took another deep breath before continuing, "I'm sorry for picking on you, and I'm sorry for what Snape said. If I hadn't riled him up... well, I guess you'd still be friends. I was immature, and a bully, and... well, an arrogant toerag."James waited for Lily – who seemed a little surprised – to speak. At last, she opened her mouth."I – well... thanks, Potter," she said quietly and averted her eyes. "You don't have to apologize for what Snape said, though. You didn't force him.""It didn't sound like that when you were chewing me out in the lake," said James softly, but his stomach was swooping now."Yeah, well... it was one of those 'heat of the moment' sort of things, you know?" said Lily. "I blamed you for a long time. I'm sorry about that."An awkward silence followed, punctuated by James, who had noticed his fellow friends near the doors. Marlene greeted them enthusiastically, especially Sirius."Well, I'll see you around, then, Evans," said James, who had been spotted by Remus.Lily glanced behind her, at Marlene who was talking animatedly with Sirius, at Alice, who was talking with Mary Macdonald and Emmeline Vance, at all of their friends."Yeah. I'll see you around, Potter." Lily strode over to Marlene and pulled her by the hand towards the direction of the Transfiguration classroom, their first class of the day."Oi, Prongs, have you seen my left shoe?" called Sirius as they made their way over to him."No!" James answered back, and subtly waved his wand and transfigured his shoes to match.Sirius looked disappointed once he and the rest of the Marauders had joined James. "Oh. I was hoping you'd seen them. Well, you don't mind me taking one of yours, right?""No, I don't mind," said James quickly, "look, let's all go to class. I'm not feeling all that well.""What was that all about, Prongs?" asked Remus as they walked towards Transfiguration, "She didn't even look annoyed. I'd daresay that she looked slightly happy!""It wasn't anything, Moony," said James, who was looking at Lily's dark red hair swinging side to side as she vanished from his view. "I just apologized, is all..."James endured the relentless teasing that followed, mostly from Sirius and Peter. It still hadn't stopped when they entered Professor McGonagall's classroom. Ignoring his friends, he took a quick look at Lily, who was seated to the right of the class.There was a slight blush appearing on her cheeks as she was conversing with Marlene and Alice, who had entered right after James had. He couldn't hear their conversation, and he surprised himself when he found that he had no desire to. Once or twice he felt as though he had heard his name coming out of one of their mouths, but then Professor McGonagall entered, and everyone quieted."Good morning, my fellow Gryffindors," the stern Professor McGonagall said. "Now, might I remind you that you have your NEWT tests next year, so be sure..."In the following months, James and Lily had started to become acquainted, more friendly. Sometimes, James felt as though he could feel Lily looking at him when he wasn't looking back, but when he swivelled his head around to her direction, she quickly looked away. James smiled inwardly whenever this happened. He and Lily had been on a first-name basis ever since the first week of the school year had ended. He knew that she was beginning to see him as a friend, but he didn't let that discourage him. On the contrary, James was elated to have finally conversed with her in a friendly, civil way.James's sixth year proved to be one of his most enjoyable years, what with winning the Quidditch Cup and excelling at school, not to mention executing a prank of enormous proportions involving Professor Dumbledore and the hundreds of House Elves stationed in the kitchens, as well as a giant dragon made of hundreds of fireworks. To top it all off, the Marauders had finally finished the Marauder's Map early on in the first term. It was to be, in Sirius's words, The greatest legacy we will ever have left.November came quickly, and with it, so did everybody's favourite sport: Quidditch.Even though McGonagall had told them – in her cat-patterned nightgown, no less – to quiet down over 45 minutes ago, the party in the Gryffindor common room didn't seem like it was slowing down, and rightly so: Gryffindor had smashed Slytherin in the first match of the season with a score of 330-20. James Potter, the house had decided, was the hero of the Quidditch pitch, having scored nearly half of their goals. Lily Evans sat on one of the sofas close to the fire with Mary MacDonald, as her other housemates were busy either getting drunk or flirting with the Quidditch players.The wireless played a slow, melancholy song that Lily found much too appropriate in regards to her current mood. She sat, dejected, trying to ignore her feelings as she watched James get kissed by 5th year Penny Pendleton. Mary made noises of disapproval next to her, though she knew better than to talk to an angry, jealous Lily.At that exact moment a boy wearing a Gryffindor jacket as well as scarlet-and-gold face paint plopped down next to her, two bottles of firewhisky in one hand and a shot glass in the other. Mary glanced at him, and, with a last forlorn look at Lily, departed from the sofa.Lily sighed. "What do you want, Black?"Sirius Black gave a bark of laughter as she acknowledged him. "To get absolutely pissed, of course. That, and to get you hammered."Lily turned her head to look at him, her eyebrows raised. "And why in Merlin's grey beard would I try to get hammered?"Sirius shook his head. "Unbelievable, Evans," he said, "I thought your parents were Scottish? Don't Scots have a reputation for being drunkards?""Most Scots do," admitted Lily, "but not this one."Sirius shoved a bottle of alcohol under her nose. "Get started, then."Lily pushed it back with a disapproving humph. "I told you, Black, I'm not in the mood to get drunk. You know the lies I told McGonagall so as to avoid getting that confiscated?" Her eyes wandered over to James, who was now attempting to dance with Marlene."Pretty please, Evans?" asked Sirius in a sing-song voice, "do it for your best mate, Sirius Black?"When Lily stayed silent, Sirius looked over to where she was glaring. He chuckled slightly, realizing what the problem was now. Lily's knuckles whitened as she gripped the sofa tighter."He's having fun, isn't he?"Sirius looked at the redhead. "I guess."Lily dropped her gaze and turned to Sirius instead."James Potter," she said the name like it was an incantation. "When this party's over give him a real smack upside the head, will you, Black?"Sirius shook his head in exasperation. "Are you actually jealous, Evans?"Lily continued to glare at him. Sirius sighed and took a swig from his bottle of firewhisky. "Look. Whatever's happening between ol' Pendleton and Prongs is most likely one-sided. James hasn't ever mentioned liking her.""And why would I care about that?"Sirius winked at her. Lily narrowed her eyes at him and snatched the unopened second bottle of whisky from Sirius's hands.He gave a whoop of joy and was about to hand her the shot glass when suddenly she uncorked the bottle and took a long drink from it. Sirius stared at her, wide-eyed, as she lowered her drink."Blimey, Evans," he said, impressed, "I didn't know you had it in you."Lily gave him the finger and drank some more, this time emptying the whole bottle. She set it down on the table next to the fire, her hands trembling slightly."You don't know a lot of things about me, Black," she mumbled. "Give me more.""More what?""More firewhisky, you stupid git."Sirius laughed and passed her his own unfinished bottle. She drank a generous amount before she retched, and lowered the drink.A few minutes later, she was sobbing and muttering gibberish, cursing James and Penny and everyone in the common room, but Sirius held her close, whispering words of encouragement and agreeing with whatever she said. Sirius may have had the reputation for being careless and a bit of a ladies' man, but he was an expert on women."Oh, Merlin," she hiccuped, her eyes only half-open, "I think I might like James!"Sirius snorted. "You think?"Lily turned her head slowly at him, frowning. "W-what do you – hic – do you mean?"Sirius couldn't believe how drunk she was. He grabbed her bottle of firewhisky, and, after enduring verbal abuse, tossed it over to Remus, who caught it without a second glance."Why'd you – hic – do that?" asked Lily, enraged, "That stuff's actually good, Black!"Sirius rolled his eyes. "Of course it is, love, but I think you've had enough for the night."Lily then turned her whole body to face him, and she jabbed a finger to his chest."Have not!""Merlin, Evans, stop acting like a toddler, will you?"Lily muttered a few more choice words at him, but after a few seconds gave up and instead leaned her head on to his shoulder.There was nothing romantic in the gesture, decided Sirius, and so he threw an arm around her to support her. Lily was sobbing again, but this time it was much more controlled."All those years when James told me he fancied me, and then he figures that he doesn't and starts – hic – kissing every girl in sight," she muttered angrily. Sirius shook his head."Evans, Prongs has only ever had eyes for you – yes, you, you overgrown duck. He realized that you didn't like him back, though I know that's not true now –""I don't fancy him," hissed Lily."You just told me a few moments ago that you did," countered Sirius, a frivolous little smile playing at his lips.Lily looked away and muttered some more about him. "Maybe I did. Doesn't change the fact that he kissed that wench Pendleton –""No, he didn't, flower," said Sirius patiently, "I told you, Pendleton probably cornered him and took her chance while Prongs was drunk.""Then why did he look so – hic – ecstatic about it?""He probably didn't even realize," said Sirius. "Most blokes don't, when they're drunk."Lily sighed and curled into a ball, snuggling up to Sirius."You really think he fancies me?"Sirius looked down at her. "I know so, love. James fancies you more than ever. The last time he had a serious relationship was –""Stop it," chided Lily, "I don't want to know."They sat in silence, holding on to each other and laughing as they watched James turn his back to Penny as she came in for round two."I never really hated him, you know," said Lily quietly, her voice quite steady. Apparently, she wasn't quite as drunk as Sirius had thought. "I always… sort of liked it when he flirted with me. I was disappointed when he stopped."Sirius gave her a lopsided smile. "If you want, I could tell Prongs to pick up where he left off."Lily looked mortified. "Merlin, no. I'm sad, but it's something that I can – hic – live without."Then suddenly Lily rounded on him. She slapped his chest – hard. Sirius doubled over, surprised."Ow," muttered Sirius, "that hurt, Evans. What gives?"Lily held his gaze. "You will not tell anyone of this, least of all James!""Yeah, yeah," said Sirius, this time fully intending to keep his promise, "I won't. You probably won't even remember this happened next morning. Firewhisky does that to people."The radio ended its sad song, then belched out a wild tune that caused the entirety of the Gryffindor common room to cheer and take to the dance floor.Lily and Sirius laughed and they both stood up. She held a hand out to him."Care to dance, Black?"Sirius gave her his trademark smirk. "Only if you promise to dance with Prongs later."Lily matched his smile."I promise."

Chapter Three: The New HeadsOn one lazy summer morning found James, Sirius, and Remus sitting at the table for breakfast.Or rather- sleeping seemed much more appropriate a word. Sirius's head was face down on his plate of eggs and bacon, and James was leaning back on his chair, his mouth slightly open. Only Remus appeared to be slightly awake; his eyes kept opening and closing every few moments. They were all thoroughly exhausted, having spent most of last night playing three-way Quidditch.James's parents, Fleamont and Euphemia Potter, suddenly entered the room, where they found 3 boys all sleeping at the table. Fleamont and Euphemia glanced at each other, and with a nod, they took out their wands and shot jets of water at each of the boys' faces.James, Sirius, and Remus woke up with startled shouts."What was that for?" muttered James irritably, as he wiped his glasses with his shirt."You were sleeping," said Euphemia lightly, "we've just received news that your Hogwarts letters are coming today.""Hogwarts letters?" mumbled Remus, who was still having trouble keeping his eyes open. Euphemia smiled at him."Yes, dear, so will you all wake up? We're going to Diagon Alley after."Fleamont suddenly glanced up at the large, stained-glass window. "Speaking of letters..." he said softly and trailed off. He gave his wand a wave and the window swung open, allowing the owls to enter.Three tawny owls bore letters addressed to each of the boys. James realized with a slight frown that his letter had a slight bulge to it. The owls hooted, and all three took off collectively, each taking a piece of Sirius's bacon with them.James ripped open his envelope and out fell a shiny, shield-shaped crest that landed on his lap. James was confused; why had Dumbledore given him a new Quidditch Captain badge? If he remembered correctly, it was still on top of his drawer. He took it and flipped it over. He instantly made a loud, retching noise that made his parents and friends look at him concernedly."Something wrong, James?" said Sirius. James tried to shake his head, but then changed his mind and nodded. Remus looked at the badge in his hands and laughed."Ickle James has been made Head Boy," teased Remus. James's parents looked at him in surprise."Head Boy?" said Sirius incredulously, and then he laughed as well. "Another disciplinarian, then! Oh, Peter and I will have so much fun corrupting you, Prongs!"James looked at him scathingly and pulled out his letters from the envelope. There were three this time- one welcoming him back to Hogwarts, complete with a list of schoolbooks, the second one from McGonagall, outlining his upcoming meeting on the train ride with the other prefects, and the last from Dumbledore, who had written to him personally. He read Dumbledore's letter first.Dear James Potter,I'm sure by now that you have found the badge enclosed in the envelope. I am also sure that you must be surprised and in a bit of shock. The position of Head Boy is a prestigious one, so let me be the first to congratulate you on receiving it. I'll admit I was surprised when Professor McGonagall handed me your name when I inquired to the teachers to give me suggestions for the Head students- but I am confident that I have chosen well, given that you have shown great leadership skills and the drive to do what's right; I am, of course, talking about the incident with Mr. Snape and the Whomping Willow.Once again, I congratulate you on your receiving of the Head Boy position. I am sure that you and the Head Girl, Lily Evans, will work wonderfully together.Yours,Professor A. P. B. W. Dumbledore"Lily?" said Remus as he read the letter from over James's shoulder. He glanced at Sirius and stifled a laugh. "That should be... interesting."James gave a snort, and, not asking anyone in particular said, "But why on earth would Dumbledore choose me?""Don't be stupid James, I probably would have chosen you too," answered Remus, an impatient note in his voice.James stared at him."What?" said Remus, and stared back to humor him, "it's true! You're a natural leader, James. You're cool under pressure, not to mention you already have experience as Quidditch Captain. It's not so different from that," he added as an afterthought, "just think of the whole school as a team now. Just... you know, without the matches and parties. And a whole lot more responsibility."James pondered over Remus's words. On the one hand, he was utterly perplexed at why Dumbledore had chosen him, him, probably one of the biggest troublemakers in Hogwarts history, over Remus. On the other, he was grateful that the position had not gone to someone like Snape. At least now he could keep an eye on anyone that abused their powers.Like you won't, said a nasty little voice from inside his head.I won't, cried a different, stronger voice defiantly, I'm done taking everything for granted!James shook his head, and without another word, left the table, leaving his friends and parents chortling.James raced up the stairs to his room and summoned a blank piece of paper and a quill. He sat down on his chair and straightened the paper before writing, Dear Lily, and then his mind blanked. What on earth was he going to write? He'd never written to Lily before.He decided that he was going to keep it short and simple.Dear Lily,Knowing that you're the Head Girl, I'm writing to you to ask for advice. Dumbledore probably mentioned that I was Head Boy in your letter. And, to be perfectly honest with you, Lily, I'm nervous. I'm a troublemaker, no one's going to take me seriously! I just want to make sure that you're okay with all this. I'm easy to replace, but you're the only option for Head Girl.Now, just what exactly does a Head Boy do? I'm not really familiar with prefect duties, I only know that you go on rounds every few days. I've accompanied Remus on some before.Your friend,James PotterHe rolled the paper into a tight scroll and handed it to Morgoth, his hawk owl. He nipped at his fingers affectionately before taking off to Lily's. James wondered whether he would find it.Going down the stairs, he braced himself from the taunts he knew would surely come. Sirius and Remus grinned evilly at him from the breakfast table."Hello there, Head Boy, sir," said Sirius, "I think we're going to have a lot of fun this year.""Ohh, yes," said Remus, a mischievous glint in his eyes, "this is payback for all you did to me when I became prefect, Prongs..."James gulped and smiled nervously.Lily Evans raced up her room to tell her friends Marlene and Alice the good news: she had become Head Girl! After a half-hour of her parents questioning her about her position, Lily had finally escaped their clutches, and just in time too: Petunia had arrived from Vernon Dursleys' place.Lily was just about to retrieve a pen and paper from her drawer when suddenly she heard a tap-tap-tap coming from outside the window. Whirling around, she was surprised to be greeted by a handsome owl she had never seen before. She flicked her wand and the window opened, allowing the bird to hop into her room."Now just who are you from?" wondered Lily aloud, and she saw that it had a scroll gripped tightly around one of its talons. She took it from the owl, who hooted importantly.Lily quickly unfurled the scroll to reveal that it was from one James Potter, whom she'd known had become Head Boy after Dumbledore told her in his letter. Fighting down the nervous tingles in her stomach, she read the letter over twice before a small smile set on her face.Deciding that Marlene and Alice's letters could wait, she responded back to James.Dear James,Congrats on becoming Head Boy! To answer your question, the Head students basically control the prefects, as in telling them when to go on rounds, holding meetings, not so different from Quidditch Captain stuff. As for your thoughts on whether or not I'd be happy with you as my coworker, I wouldn't have wanted to work with anyone else. You've changed over the past year, and you're actually a decent human being. (Lily smiled at that part).The students will take you seriously- if anything, more seriously than they will me. You're a natural leader, not to mention that you're popular with the student body.Your friend,Lily EvansShe read it over a couple of times, looking for mistakes. When she was finally satisfied she looked 'round for James's owl, who was near the window. Lily sealed the letter in a tight envelope and gave it to him.The owl hooted once more, and then took off.Over the next few weeks, Lily would receive numerous letters from James, all asking questions about his Head Boy duties. One memorable letter stuck in Lily's mind, something about how he was worried that the first-years would be scared of him. Unbeknownst to James, his words had slightly melted Lily's heart.On the morning of September the 1st, Lily took off for King's Cross and boarded the Hogwarts Express, feeling nervous yet excited at the same time.

So there you go! This is sort of a filler chapter, and I do apologize as it's quite long. You might find inconsistencies in between paragraphs- again, I apologize. I'd already written this chapter before, but I wasn't satisfied with it and recycled some of the parts that I did like. I'm much happier with it now. The previous version had wayyyy too many adjectives to describe things as simple as common rooms. Read and review, and I hope you like it!Chapter Four: A Train of Two ThoughtsThe scarlet engine billowed steam out of its chimney that drifted off towards the platform and covered the would-be-passengers in its silver haze. James and Sirius stood near the barrier between this world and the other; they had just gone through."You go ahead," said James to Sirius a little while later. "I have Head duties to attend to.""Well, aren't we being modest about it," Sirius rolled his eyes at him. "I hope this won't stop you from pranking –""Sirius, you know full well that nothing could ever stop me," James smirked. "We just have to be extra careful this year…""Noted," Sirius took hold of his trolley. "Any chance of me receiving a parting gift from the esteemed Head Boy before he starts ordering everyone around?"James slapped his shoulder. "You know it's not like that, you prat. As for the gift…"He felt in his robes and pulled out a single piece of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Bean. "There you go, Padfoot. You can't say no to this."Sirius laughed and popped the bean into his mouth. His eyes widened in surprise; apparently, it tasted quite good."What about my present, then?" asked James."I'll give it to you once you're done with your meeting," promised Sirius, already rolling his trolley towards the train, "I promise it's much better, Prongs!"James shook his head. "It better not be a turd, Sirius!"They shared one last laugh before Sirius vanished out of sight; James smoothed his robes and cleaned his badge with the cuff of his sleeve. He started his march through the platform, inspecting the train and helping the younger kids lift their trunks, all the while secretly hoping to meet someone.Lily Evans was late. She couldn't believe herself. The one year in which it mattered – and she had ruined it!She wasn't the only culprit, though. That morning, after she'd woken up, Petunia had – for some unfathomable reason – decided that she was going to be taking an hour-long shower. Why she'd done that, Lily had no idea, though she suspected some of it had to do with her accidentally turning her sister's hair bright orange the night before.It had been an accident, really, but Petunia was being so damned insufferable. Lily had apologized and had offered to change it back. She no longer had the trace, after all, so there was no problem with whipping her wand out and recolouring Petunia's hair, right?Except, as far as Petunia was concerned, she wanted nothing to do with magic. Petunia had gotten into her car that morning wearing a shawl over her head as she headed to work at Grunnings, a drilling company.Then, Lily reminisced as she kissed her parents goodbye and made towards the magical barrier, just before she'd boarded her dad's car, she'd come across Snape.That had also been an accident, but her insides still squirmed uncomfortably at the sight of him, and not in a good way. Her heart still broke whenever she remembered the way he had called her a Mudblood, that day at the lake – the word that was used to describe people like her, like Lily: dirty blood, unworthy blood, mud's blood.They had exchanged no words during their encounter. Lily had merely glared at him, betraying no emotions, daring Snape to say something – but he remained glued to the spot, staring back with those empty eyes of his; eyes she had once thought she knew so well, that had once been full of childish joy and affection but were now sunken and hard.Lily shook her head, clearing her thoughts. She had passed through the barrier. According to her watch, it was five to eleven, so she had no time to patrol the platform. What McGonagall would say after she'd learned that Lily had slacked off in her duties as Head Girl, she didn't want to think about.A few feet in front of her, she heard a voice speak softly and gently. It was a voice she knew all too well, though she had to admit, it sounded rather nice when he wasn't yelling himself silly.Pushing past a family, she saw James.Her vision tunnelled slightly. He looked quite good, if she said so herself. He was sitting on the platform, arms folded, and staring up at a young boy – he couldn't have been more than 11."...it's going to be all right," James kept on saying. "It's scary at first, I know, but once you get there, you'll never want to leave. Hogwarts does that to people."The boy sniffed and nodded. James, satisfied, got up."What if I don't have any friends?" the boy asked, sounding scared. James smiled and put an arm on the boy's shoulder."You will, Marlon," he insisted. "Because Hogwarts does that, too – it brings people together and builds lifelong friendships. Don't you worry; there are tons of muggle-borns just like you that don't know a thing about magic. That doesn't mean that they'll be worse than the people who grew up with it."James glanced back, as if he had felt Lily's eyes on him. He smiled widely and turned around, steering Marlon around him so that Lily could fully see him."This is Lily Evans, Marlon," explained James to the first year. "She's a muggle-born too, and she's one of the best witches I know.""She is?" asked Marlon with wide eyes."Sure am," said Lily, stepping forwards so that she could smile clearly at him. "It was hard for me, too, at first. But then I got sorted into Gryffindor and met my best friends, and ever since, I couldn't wait to go back to Hogwarts during the summer.""Wow, that's something!" The little boy's eyes were shining, and he no longer looked as scared."She's also Head Girl, just like me," added James. At that, Marlon's head whipped around to her chest and his eyes found the badge. He let out a loud gasp. James and she shared a knowing smile.Right then, the train whistle sounded, and the conductor yelled, "All aboard the Hogwarts Express!""We should get up now," said James. Marlon nodded and climbed up the steps. James turned to Lily and raised his eyebrows."What?" asked Lily innocently."Didn't see you while I was patrolling, so I can only assume one thing – you were late," teased James. Lily rolled her eyes and pushed him so that he was forced to board the carriage."Let's just get to the meeting, James." He smiled one last time, and they headed towards the front carriage."That was quite sweet of you," said Lily a few moments later. James turned his neck to look at her."What was that, Lil?""I just thought that it was thoughtful of you to comfort that first year," muttered Lily.James grinned. "It was, wasn't it?""You had to ruin the moment, Potter," Lily sighed. James slowed his pace so that he was behind her. "Just take the compliment, will you?"She heard his deep laugh behind her. "Only joking, Lily. Thanks.""You're quite welcome."They reached the front carriage as the train started moving. Opening the door, they found that they were the only ones that had arrived.They settled themselves in the chairs on top of the dais – James had transfigured his to a squishy–looking armchair. Lily declined when he offered to do the same for her. Remus Lupin came in a few moments later, smiling at both her and James; he took a seat at the very front."So, had a good summer, Remus?" Lily began."Oh yes, we managed to get into James's mum's study and found a couple of things…"The three of them made light conversation when the door opened suddenly, and the rest of the prefects filed in. Some took a double-take at James, noted Lily, but otherwise, the prefects stayed silent. She noticed a few familiar faces: she spotted 7th year Benjy Fenwick, a soft-spoken Hufflepuff that had a talent for Charms. She smiled at Dorcas Meadowes, a Ravenclaw one year below her whom she had previously tutored in Potions. She saw various others, including Regulus Black, Sirius's brother, and Fortuna Greengrass, a Slytherin in Snape's year."So," said James nervously as he stood up, once the prefects had settled down. "As you can see, Lily and I are the new Heads. And I know you may be wondering how I got here," and he forced a little more strength into his voice, "but what's done is done. I can't say that I expected it, and Merlin knows Dumbledore was slightly mad when he chose me –" there were a few titters at that, and Lily rolled her eyes beside him, but she was smiling, "– but I'll try to be a Head Boy worthy of the title. I won't let any of you down."He ran a hand through his hair and glanced at Lily, who was a bit taken aback from how he had ended his little speech but composed herself quickly."To business, then," she said and stood up. She then proceeded to explain the usual rules that prefects had to follow and enforce. She eyed the Slytherin prefects, but mostly Regulus, who had a slight scowl on his face. He looked very like Sirius. Half an hour later, after answering a multitude of questions, and having had James back her up a couple of times, she decided to wrap things up by giving out their normal instructions."The older prefects have done this a hundred times: patrol the train, Gryffindors the first carriage, Ravenclaws the next; Hufflepuff, I'm sorry, but it's your turn to patrol carriages four and five, and Slytherins the last. New prefects, just watch your seniors and do whatever they're doing. If you encounter any problems, kindly report back to James or myself. Reign in the younger kids, if you don't mind, and take care to maintain order between the older students as well."She looked at James, who was sitting comfortably. He gave an approving nod and Lily quickly turned back towards the prefects."That's all, I guess," she said, "Dismissed."Lily sidled into Marlene and Alice's compartment once she'd finished the meeting and found it to be occupied not only by her aforementioned friends but by her other roommates as well.She smiled at Mary and Emmeline as she sat across from them. The Trolly Witch had already passed by, she was sad to hear, but fortunately, her friends had stocked up in sweets that they were glad to share with Lily."So, Lily," asked Marlene in a sickeningly sweet voice. "What's sharing duties with James like?""A bit odd, I suppose," she answered, "but he's nice most of the time. We're getting along fine."At this, her friends looked at each other and fell about laughing. Lily, confused as to what was going on, stared at them. "What's so funny?""Oh, nothing, love," snorted Emmeline. "It's just – well, it's a bit ironic, don't you think?""Not really, no.""Lils, you're hopeless," exclaimed Mary despairingly. "How thick can you get?""You're all crazy.""Yeah, but not as crazy as you are for one certain Head Boy," said Marlene, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively. Lily felt her face heat up."I am not!""Oh, I think you are, Lily dear," chortled Alice. "You just haven't come to terms with it yet."Lily threw a Chocolate Frog at her.They spent the rest of the train ride bickering back and forth, but not before changing subjects as quickly as Lily could hope, for their words held a semblance of truth to her.She wasn't stupid. She'd noticed the emotions she felt whenever James was near her. She liked this James – the James who was smart and funny and kind, who teased Sirius and Marlene with her, who always valued her opinion before anyone else's, who listened to her vent about Petunia, who shared looks with her whenever Professor Binns had started to drone on about the Giant Rebellion led by Porphyrion, Greatest of the Giants...All right, maybe Lily did like him more than she had realized. But crazy? Definitely not. She congratulated herself on her little lie."We'd better change, I can see Hogwarts," said Mary Macdonald after a conversation concerning the recent attacks on Ministry strongholds.Lily sighed to herself. Whether this year would turn out better or worse than last year, she had no idea.Shaking these thoughts out of her head, she opened her trunk and changed into her robes.The train slowed down and finally stopped. The sound of many hundreds of feet stomping was heard all throughout the carriage as everybody hurried to get their bags and pets assembled. Lily exited the compartment first, looking for James.She found him already outside of the train – how he'd gotten there so quickly she had no idea, but she pushed past the crowd thronging near the doors and descended onto the platform.She gasped quietly as the cold of the night air stung her face. They marched back and forth, leaning down so that they could see whether there were any problems with the train. When Lily found none, she headed back to James."Everything all right?" he bellowed. The sound of the steam engine made him barely audible."Seems fine!" she shouted back. James waved his arms wildly to signal the conductor that it was safe to open the carriages.Students poured out of the train doors. Hagrid loomed over them, carrying a large lantern, calling out the familiar cry, "Firs' years, firs' years over here!" and when he spotted Lily, he boomed, "All right, Lily? Excited abou' being Head Girl, eh?"Lily grinned and waved. "Hi, Hagrid! I'm fine, how're you?""I'm doin' fantastic! See ye at the feast!"A large group of small students separated themselves from the main crowd and followed Hagrid to the Black Lake. Lily turned to James."Shall we get on the carriages, then?"James nodded. He looked different when he was serious. "Yeah, let's get on."The first stagecoach rolled up to them, pulled by what Lily knew to be thestrals. James got on first and helped Lily up. She scanned the students waiting out behind her, talking amongst themselves. Then slowly, the coach started to move, following the road to the castle.She and James didn't talk much. They passed through the gates of the grounds, where, at last, Hogwarts emerged: a towering black castle barely visible in the dark of night, ringed by turrets and high towers. Some windows were blazed fiery bright above them.The bells of the carriage jingled and it came to a halt near the stone steps that led up to the front doors. Lily exited first and entered with James, where they found Professor McGonagall waiting."Potter. Evans." McGonagall had a satisfied look about her face. "No troubles, I presume?""None, Professor," answered James. McGonagall nodded approvingly."Excellent. Now, you two: Professor Dumbledore wishes to see you after the feast." The sound of wooden wheels outside of the Entrance Hall made her pause. "It has been a long time since both Head Students originated from the same house, much less from Gryffindor. I'm very proud of you two." Professor McGonagall then smiled – a genuine expression of happiness. "I'll be on my way. The password is Lifesaver!"They made their way over to the Great Hall's double doors, which were already open. The four house tables were empty, but not for long. Lily glanced up and saw the starless black ceiling, which mirrored the sky outside. She and James settled down at the Gryffindor table.Soon hundreds of students began to enter the Great Hall. Marlene and Alice, flanked by the rest of the Gryffindor boys, spotted her sitting with James and went over to join them. Lily felt the wooden bench lower itself as her fellow Gryffindors sat down. She turned to Marlene."You have a brother, don't you, Marls?""Yeah," Marlene answered distractedly, having just finished listening to Sirius talk about who-knew-what. "Cygnus. I do hope he gets Gryffindor."Hagrid suddenly appeared at the staff table, which meant that the first years had already crossed the lake. Sure enough, a few moments later, Professor McGonagall entered, carrying an ancient-looking wizard's hat, heavily patched and frayed: the Sorting Hat. The first years scrambled in after her, soaking wet and looking scared.The Great Hall died down. The first years lined up facing the students, and Professor McGonagall placed the Sorting Hat on a stool. A rip opened near its brim, and it began to sing.Lily drowned out the noise of the hat; she'd never liked its songs. She clapped loudly with the rest of the students once it had finished, and waited for the first years to get sorted.Professor McGonagall lowered her eyes to her long piece of parchment and called out the first name."Abernathy, Marlon."The small boy that she and James had encountered on the station stumbled forwards and put on the Hat. It covered nearly half of his face and Lily could only see the tip of his nose jutting out. Sirius laughed loudly from across her, and she gave him a venomous look. The Hat stayed silent for a moment, then the rip near the brim opened and it shouted:"Hufflepuff!"Slowly, the long line of first-years thinned. Marlene's brother, Cygnus McKinnon, was sorted into Gryffindor."Well done, Cyg!" called Marlene as the blond-haired, knobbly-kneed boy sat down shakily at the Gryffindor table.And finally, Welshter, Alexander was called into Slytherin, and Dumbledore stood up. Lily smiled at him subconsciously, and Dumbledore turned to her and smiled serenely back."Welcome!" beamed the great wizard Dumbledore, "welcome all, to another year of magical education. I won't bore you with an old man's rambling, so I'm keeping this short and simple: the Forbidden Forest, as always, is forbidden –," his piercing blue eyes regarded the Marauders next to Lily, but his mouth twitched slightly, "– Zonko's products are banned and magic is not allowed in the corridors, but seeing as none of you listen to any of those rules, I don't see any reason to list anymore other than the obvious. Dine well, and here's to another magical year!"The students repeated the toast.Lily's mouth watered as plates upon plates of the most lavish food imaginable appeared before her. She grabbed a platter and helped herself to pork chops. Beside her, Marlene struck a conversation with her brother.Time passed quickly after she finished her meal, and before she knew it, Dumbledore had stood up."An excellent feast, if I may so myself! Especially when one considers the day you will be having tomorrow," he said jovially. "You have a full day of magical studies starting in the morning, and I believe it best to retire for the night. Off to bed with you all, toodle-oo!"Lily stood up as the Great Hall was filled with the buzz of conversation and the sound of scraping as the weight of the students was lifted off of the wooden benches. She heard Remus and the other prefects calling to the first–years when she was tapped on the shoulder by James."Ready?" he asked. He sounded tired and sleepy."Yes, let's go."It took them a couple of minutes to get to the Headmaster's quarters. James gave the password to the stone gargoyles (Lifesaver), who jumped aside and let them enter. They ascended the steps and soon found themselves face to face with Dumbledore's wooden door. It was James who knocked on it."Come in," said Dumbledore from behind the door. James pushed it open.Lily had only been in the Headmaster's office a handful of times, none of them for trouble or detention. Yet, it never failed to impress her: there was an aura of magnificence and grandeur about it unlike any other room in the castle, but there was also the sense of timeless knowledge and ancient wisdom lurking beneath. Paintings of previous headmasters decorated the stone walls, all of whom appeared to be sleeping. Shelves and racks filled with timeworn books stood side by side around the room.All across the floor, tables displaying various silver instruments were shrouded in half-darkness, and a swirling Pensieve was visible behind the doors of a cabinet. The headmaster himself was seated behind a large marble table on top of a small dais. A large, red–and–gold bird stood on its perch beside Dumbledore. A phoenix, remembered Lily, whom she knew was called Fawkes."Ah, James, Lily, welcome. Take a seat, please," he greeted them, and gestured towards two large squishy chairs in front of his desk. Lily took a seat on the right."I trust the train ride was uneventful?" asked Dumbledore, merely to start the conversation. James and Lily both nodded."Excellent, then. Now, I only wanted to discuss your job descriptions, so stop looking so apprehensive, James," said Dumbledore, and twinkled at the Head Boy, who visibly relaxed. "As Heads, you two have unparalleled authority over the student body, save for the teachers and myself, of course. Both of you will handle most of the events that take place during the school year, including the Gathering of Many Faces, which falls on Halloween."Dumbledore leaned forwards on his table, studying James and Lily. It was a moment before he spoke again."I also wanted to dispel any doubt left in both of your minds," said Dumbledore quietly, looking at James, "I believe I have chosen well. I seem to remember that you have gotten over your differences, so I applaud you for that; I know that Hogwarts will thrive. James, you have matured quite well ever since your last – er, shall I say, fiasco – and I expect you to set an example for the student body." Dumbledore turned his gaze on Lily, and his blue eyes surveyed her magisterially over the top of his half-moon spectacles, "You both have to work together, and hopefully get to know each other a bit more, seeing as you are now sharing living quarters."The silence that followed was so thick Lily was certain she could have cut it with a well placed Diffindo. Lily spoke first, her voice a little dry."I'm sorry, Professor, but did I hear you right? Living quarters?""Oh yes, Lily, you certainly heard me right," said Professor Dumbledore, now quite cheerfully, "as Heads, you have access to your own tower. Inside it is a common room, two separate beds and two separate bathrooms. I think I am correct in saying that you know where this tower lies, James?"James smiled sheepishly. "You're correct in believing that, Professor." Dumbledore nodded approvingly."Oh, and one more thing," added Dumbledore, his voice now serious. "There have been recent events in the world that have given me no choice but to reinforce the rules around Hogwarts. And while Hogwarts is, and will always be, the safest place for you should violence arise, one can never be too at ease. The enemy is rising, and tension in the school has never been higher." He paused, and to Lily, he appeared to be choosing his words."I cannot change the mind of others, so believe me when I say that both of you will encounter hate and prejudice in all parts of the castle, some parts more prominent than others," he regarded them both, and there was a slight tinge of disappointment in his eyes, "I will not tolerate bigotry in my school. As heads, however, it is imperative that both of you keep order and not let your emotions rule you. To outsiders of Hogwarts, the two of you are the face of the student body.""We understand, Professor," said Lily, "but is it really as extreme as you say, sir? Has he started recruiting here? Has You-Know-Who's influence reached Hogwarts at last?"Dumbledore smiled sadly."It has for a long time, my dear girl," sighed Dumbledore, "Voldemort has poisoned the minds of many in Hogwarts. It is foolish not to take precautions. It is also silly," he added with a glance at Lily, who had twitched at the mention of Voldemort, "to be afraid to say a name. Voldemort is a great wizard, yes, but he is a man. A name should not be feared."James suddenly gave a great yawn. He closed his mouth quickly, but it had not gone unnoticed by either Dumbledore or Lily."Merlin's beard, look at the time! I'm sorry to have kept you so long here," said Dumbledore apologetically, as James rushed to apologize, seeing as it was only 9 o'clock, "no, no, it's my fault. Off to bed with you two. Your trunks and belongings have been taken to your tower. James, seeing as you already know of its location, kindly show Lily where it is," Dumbledore looked at Lily with a slight smile playing on his mouth, "It is a rather extraordinary place, Miss Evans, and I'm sure the both of you will be happy with it."Realizing they were being dismissed, Lily and James both turned around, exited the room and descended the stone steps until they reached the floor."So James," said Lily casually, "where is this rather extraordinary tower?"James smiled mysteriously. "Oh, a place called Neverland."Lily raised her eyebrows at him."I'm kidding," he said hastily, "it's near the Gryffindor tower, actually. Smaller, of course, but it's only for two people. Shall we go?"Lily hadn't meant anything by raising her eyebrows; she had been impressed by the fact that he even knew what Neverland was. It had never occurred to her how James might have ever read a muggle book."Er, Lily?"She realized that James was still waiting for her answer."I can tell you the directions, of course, if you'd rather not go with me –""No!" interjected Lily quickly, "No, I mean, I'd rather go with you, thanks."James nodded and they started walking towards the direction of Gryffindor tower.Lily then voiced her earlier thoughts at him, and he laughed a bit before replying, "Yeah, my mum read Peter and Wendy to me a lot when I was a kid. Neverland just sounded so cool, you know, it sort of stuck. I've always wanted to visit Neverland."They laughed together, and it surprised Lily how easy it was to talk to him. She and James had become good friends over the past year, but she'd never found anything to relate to with James. Now, they were bonding over their shared love over Peter Pan."Well, here we are."They stopped in front of a painting of a pair of wizards with their backs to them striking down a gryphon with their wands. It was a rather messy painting, Lily noted, but then again she never had had an eye for artwork."So how do we get in?" asked Lily to James. He shrugged, and then addressed the painting."Hullo, I'm James Potter and this is Lily Evans. We're the new Head Boy and Girl of the school. Er, we were told that the Head's Tower was here?"For a moment, Lily wanted to scold James, that he was being stupid, that that was just a painting, and paintings couldn't talk, silly, before she suddenly remembered where she was, and both wizards turned around and waved at him."Hello!" said the one on the right, wearing emerald green robes. "Professor Dumbledore did mention, hm –" he quickly took in James's messy hair and black glasses then glanced at Lily and eyed her dark red locks, before his eyes wandered off to their chests as their badges shined proudly at him. "All right, James Potter and Lily Evans. You'll need to suggest a password before entering.""Might I suggest a good password, as the head before you, Frank Longbottom, had set it as Flobberworm," quipped in the wizard on the left, who was wearing brown robes.James and Lily looked at each other. James spoke first, "Well?"Lily shrugged. "You can set it as anything you want, I really don't care."James sighed."Blimey, I hate deciding for other people," he mumbled. "How about... Neverland?"Both of the wizards in the painting slapped their painted hands onto their painted faces. Even Lily looked at James incredulously, with a look that spelled, Really?"What?" asked James defensively, "I told you, I'm not good at deciding this trivial stuff. You can set it if you want.""No, no, Neverland's fine, it just sort of contradicts what the wizards were saying, don't you think?" Lily turned back to the wizards, who then looked at each other, and swung open to reveal a wooden path that led to a fairly large common room. There were a handful of couches arranged into a square of sorts, with a wooden table at its centre. A fireplace crackled in nearby and bookshelves filled with old tomes lined the walls of the room.To the north of the common room, behind the couches, two sets of stairs spiralled upwards towards – undoubtedly – their respective rooms. She stepped through the painting and it swung shut behind her and James.She made for her dorm on the left side. It looked very much like the girls' dormitories back in Gryffindor Tower, with red-and-gold curtains hanging down her windows and her four-poster bed. There was a table and chair to the corner of her room that she was sure to be grateful for as NEWTs approached.Lily wasted no time in going to bed; she changed into her pyjamas and brushed her teeth. She wondered briefly what James's room looked like, and, deciding that that could wait for tomorrow, she settled into her bed.

Chapter Five: Plant the TruthJames awoke from his slumber half-expecting Sirius to be looking down upon him and grinning like a fool.It was very odd. He'd gotten so used to the sound of Sirius's snores that waking up without them was… well, odd. Even during the summers, when they'd both stay up late and sleep in till noon, Sirius's snoring was unbelievable.He sighed and rose on his bed. He was in the Head's Tower, he remembered now. There would be no Sirius to wake him up.James showered and dressed. His new room was nearly an exact replica of the boys' dormitories back in Gryffindor Tower, except that it was slightly smaller. All this space, just for one person. Swinging his schoolbag over his shoulder, he exited the dorm. He eyed Lily's door for a moment, and he considered waking her up.Smiling at the thought of what she'd do to him if he barged into her room mid-sleep, James forced himself down to Gryffindor Tower. He'd never admit it to them, but he missed the Marauders terribly already.He rounded a corner and found himself face to face with the Fat Lady. She looked down at him impassively."Password?"James scratched his nose. "Er… Fovea leonum, wasn't it?""Correct," said the Fat Lady airily, and she swung open like a door, revealing a large, circular hole in the wall through which James climbed.The Gryffindor common room was bustling about with students all hurrying to get down to breakfast. James pulled himself out of the way and ascended the stairs that led up to his former dorm.He pushed the door open and was immediately blinded by a flash of white light. He shielded his eyes; he felt something large and fuzzy engulf his body as excited shouts and muffled laughs filled his ears. James, surprised, tried to fight it off, but the blanket stuck to him like a bowtruckle to a tree."I reckon that's a bit too much, don't you think?" said a weary voice."Nah, he's all right," said another, this one closest to James."Do the water thing!" exclaimed someone else; his voice was high and squeaky."No, that's enough, you two," said the first voice sternly. "Sirius, let him go."He felt the blanket fall; he blinked, trying to adjust to the sudden brightness."Prongs!" Sirius launched forwards and wrapped him in a hug. "I missed you, you prat!""Gerroffme," muttered James, shaking himself so that Sirius would let go. "What in Merlin's name were you doing?"Sirius let go and James stepped back, still blinking, and his friends came into focus. There was Peter, beaming excitedly, and Remus, who was looking taller than ever, and then Sirius, who had on a mischievous look about his face. James smoothed down his robes and straightened his glasses."Sorry, Prongs," said Remus sheepishly. "I tried to stop them.""How'd you know I was coming, anyway?" asked James.In answer, Remus held up a large collage of parchment with various moving dots with words too small for James to see – The Marauder's Map, of course. James groaned inwardly as he thought that he'd be seeing much less of it, now that he was living in a different part of the castle."Breakfast, then?" asked Remus, "I'm starving."Ten minutes later, the Marauders marched into the Great Hall. They seated themselves on the benches and started filling their plates; James helped himself to a few slices of toast and some eggs.Before he could take a bite, three girls entered the Great Hall, and one called out his name. "Oi, Potter!"James looked at his food sadly and turned around to meet Marlene. "Yeah?"She slid onto the bench next to him before answering, by which time James had finally eaten. "Listen – when're you holding trials?"It took a moment before James could figure out what she meant. "Oh – Quidditch? I… er, actually haven't thought about it."Marlene the Seeker made a tut-tutting sound. "Well, decide quickly then, because somehow I ended up with this list –" and she thrust a long piece of parchment under his nose with names that he did not recognize "– McGonagall reckons that there are thirty new people waiting."James took the list and scanned it quickly. Blimey, he thought, there were tons of people trying out. Usually, there would be no more than 10 or 15. He turned back to Marlene."Today's Friday, isn't it?""Yep," she said, spreading marmalade over her toast.James glanced at the list. "I'll hold trials on Sunday, then.""Right," she took a bite out of her toast. "What do we need, anyway? A new chaser, a beater –?""– And a keeper," finished James. "Frank Longbottom is irreplaceable, but I suppose new blood won't hurt.""I heard Harley Johnson's a good chaser," offered Marlene.James finished his eggs and continued to his toast. "Johnson – that fourth year?"They continued their talk about Quidditch until the owls came soaring in through the upper windows. Screeching and hooting, they descended all over the Hall, carrying letters and packages. Morgoth was nowhere to be seen, but a large tawny owl landed in front of him, bringing James the latest edition of the Daily Prophet. He placed a knut into its outstretched talon. The owl hooted once and took off, taking a slice of Sirius's bacon in the process."Why is it always me?" muttered Sirius. James sniggered. The sound of his laugh made him turn to James, a surprised look in his face."Oh yeah, which reminds me – your present!"James stopped laughing. "Come again?"Sirius plunged his hands into the insides of his robes, apparently searching for something. "Your start-of-term present, I totally forgot about it!""Sirius, I was joking. You don't have to –"But Sirius then extracted a small bag from under his blazer, a triumphant look in his face. James eyed him confusedly. "A mokeskin pouch?"Sirius rolled his eyes. "No, you prat, it's – oh, just wait a moment."Sirius shook the pouch, and James was surprised to hear a rattling sound, coming from something much bigger than what you could store in a small purse. Sirius put a hand inside it and felt around; it reached all the way to his shoulder, and to James it looked as though something was eating his arm.Remus laughed at the sight of him. "You look ridiculous, Padfoot."Sirius shot him a frown, but then his face morphed into a gleeful expression and he pulled his arm slowly from the pouch. James held his breath; what was he going to give him? He'd only gotten Sirius a single jelly bean!Sirius extracted something long and polished. James's insides squirmed and flipped. Marlene turned her head to watch."Here we are!"It was beautiful, thought James as he took it from Sirius, his hands shaking slightly. Its dark mahogany handle had the words Nimbus: One inscribed on its side. Its hazel twigs glinted brightly in the sun. The metal braces circling around the mid-handle were cool to the touch, and to James it looked suspiciously like –"Goblin-wrought iron, that," said Sirius, pleased with James's reaction. "First of its kind. That thing's got about as much protection as a knight in full armour.""How did you get the money for this, Sirius?" asked James disbelievingly."Oh, I didn't get it," laughed Sirius. "It was your dad, Prongs, I only pitched in a galleon."James frowned. "Somehow I don't feel that bad about not getting you a decent present anymore."He pushed his plate and glass aside and placed the broomstick on the breakfast table. Marlene was examining it carefully, and even Alice and Lily were eyeing it with interest.At that moment, Professor McGonagall walked up to their little group, carrying a handful of laminated papers. She did a double-take once she saw James's broom, and, after giving them the timetables, she congratulated him and offered to take the broom to the broomshed.James accepted the offer, thinking that that would prevent him from distracting himself. As McGonagall walked away, carrying his broom, he grabbed his copy of the Daily Prophet and skimmed through it."Anything interesting?" asked Peter."Nothing," said James, frowning slightly. "You'd think, that with all this Voldemort business going on, the Prophet would be reporting something worthwhile –""Oh, cheer up, you," said Lily playfully, who had moved from her seat and was now standing behind him and Sirius, "don't be so damned depressing.""I'm only being realistic, Lily," he said reprovingly."Can't you just be happy that for once, there isn't something about Death Eaters in the news –""Well, we can't ignore every problem, can we, Miss Ignoramus –""Oh, stop arguing, you two," said Sirius, for Lily had opened her mouth to retort. "Let's just forget it, yeah?"Lily sighed, but shrugged all the same. "Shall we go to Potions, then?"James glanced at the staff table. Professor McGonagall was already there, looking disgruntled. She and Dumbledore and Professor Flitwick looked to be in deep conversation, all sporting the same, grave look. James wondered what that was about.He glanced at his newspaper. James had a sneaking suspicion that something was going on.A large, metallic bell rang, and the Gryffindors went down to the dungeons to begin their potions lesson. Inside, Professor Slughorn was already writing on the blackboard."Good morning, Professor," said Lily as she and the rest of the Gryffindors found a table together near the front."Hello, my dear Lily," said Slughorn distractedly, "had a good summer, I trust?""Oh yes, sir," nodded Lily earnestly.Giving them all one last smile, Slughorn went to the blackboard, where he welcomed the N.E.W.T students warmly."Good morning, all," said Slughorn, "I'm sure you're going to be hearing a lot about how important your N.E.W.T tests will be, so I'm not going to bother. We have a tricky potion ahead of us, a potion that will take the better part of a month to mature, one that is essential to Auror work should any of you consider it a path. I am, of course, talking about Veritaserum, a potion I am sure you are all familiar with. Now, who can tell me about its effects – yes, Lily?"James was struck around his glasses as Lily shot her hand up. She whispered a quick "Sorry!" to him, and James smiled amusedly as he listened to her, "Veritaserum is, to put it simply, the world's most powerful truth serum. Colourless and odourless, it's near impossible to distinguish from water, except for the way it ripples near the bottom of its container."Slughorn smiled genuinely. "Excellent Lily, take 5 points to Gryffindor. Now, can anyone tell me why, since Veritaserum is acknowledged as the most powerful truth potion in the world, it is considered unethical and unreliable to use? Mainly... during Ministry trials? Court? Can anyone tell me why Ministry officials don't just force suspected criminals into drinking Veritaserum?"Lily did not raise her hand this time, nor did anyone else in the class. James, however, was thinking hard and fast. He thought his answer through, and, deciding that it didn't sound like complete rubbish, raised his hand."No one?" asked Slughorn, a bit disappointed, "Well, then – oh, yes, go on, Mr Potter.""While Veritaserum's effects aren't doubted by anybody," began James, and though he did not know it, Lily was eyeing him appreciatively, "the actual truth, when taken from a person, is complicated. Someone who's being interrogated will just tell them what they believe is the truth. Which isn't necessarily the, er... actual truth. Moreover, Veritaserum's effects can be countered by drinking its antidote beforehand, or by using Occlumency. Some witches and wizards have also been shown to have enough tolerance against it.""Fantastic, Mr Potter, very good," Slughorn nodded approvingly, "5 points to Gryffindor. The truth, as Mr Potter has put it, is complicated. Veritaserum is not the most reliable of potions, and I myself have found to be quite resistant to its effects. But that is enough trivia, now..."Slughorn waved his wand, and the cupboard swung open. A bunch of ingredients flew out slowly and divided equally into the tables occupied by the N.E.W.T students. "Take out your cauldron and tools, as well as your copies of Very Advanced Potionmaking, and turn to page twelve. The ingredients I have provided are more than enough for ten students in one table. You will find the instructions in the book, as well as some tips and guidance on the blackboard, should you encounter any trouble. You may begin."James did as Slughorn had told them to, and had already filled his cauldron with alcohol and water from their ingredients. He perused his book as he worked, and once or twice glanced at the blackboard for tips, which included a revised amount of powdered moonstone (4 spoonfuls, not 3, as well as other similar advice) and by the end of the class he had achieved the exact 'light shade of blue, akin to the sky' as the book had described. Slughorn walked around, examining their potions, and had said an 'excellent, Mr/Ms' to only a handful of students: James, Lily, and Snape."Well done, to all of you!" said Slughorn, though he eyed Peter and Marlene, whose potions had somehow taken on the texture of wet cement. "That was a very acceptable first attempt at Veritaserum. Leave your cauldrons here, under the shade –" he indicated towards a large empty bookcase behind his desk, "– I shall tend to them. Homework: a foot and a half of the uses of Veritaserum, as well as theories as to how it could be utilized more effectively. Dismissed!"James, Sirius, and Marlene all had a free double period after potions, while the rest of the 7th year Gryffindors went off to either Ancient Runes or Divination. They spent the hour and a half playing Exploding Snap with the 6th years before the bell rang and he went off to Transfiguration, where all 7th year Gryffindors were present.Professor McGonagall had, unfortunately, reminded them about the importance of the upcoming tests. James and Sirius glanced at each other and shared a quiet smile as McGonagall spoke. Once she'd finished, she had set them to transfiguring live rabbits into objects of much bigger size – namely, desks, bed frames, and drawers. James and Sirius found no trouble with this, and they were the first ones to transform their identical rabbits into a single bunk bed by stacking them on top of each other. Professor McGonagall had reluctantly awarded them both 10 points.The rest of the day passed quickly in James's opinion. He didn't even remember having lunch. He and Lily faced their first challenge as Heads when they found a couple of second-year Hufflepuffs playing hooky in an unused classroom."... and don't ever let us catch you skipping class ever again!" bellowed Lily after the retreating backs of the small Hufflepuffs. James laughed."Well done, Lils, I think you've scared them into next year," snorted James, earning him a light slap on his shoulder."I wasn't that mean, was I?" asked Lily, frowning slightly."No, you were fine," said James sarcastically, earning him another slap and a hair ruffle.That evening found James lounging on one of the couches in the Heads' common room with the rest of the Marauders around the table, working on their potions essays. Actually, thought James, as he glanced around at his friends, it was only Sirius who was working, as he and Remus had already finished it, and Peter had ultimately given up.He listened to the sweet sound of a frustrated, curse-spouting Sirius as he begged the both of them to hand him their essays. Remus had adamantly refused, saying that copying off of each other would lead to bad habits."Oh, come on! A little peek! You know you want to, Prongs!"James laughed. "No, I don't think I do, thanks," he said, and then took out the Marauders Map from inside his robes."What I don't understand, Padfoot," said Remus, raising an eyebrow at Sirius, "is how you could brew the Animagus potion, one of the hardest potions to make, but then struggle with Veritaserum."Sirius scoffed. "Animagi are actually interesting, Moony, whereas Veritaserum is a bunch of rubbish. You really think that I'm gonna be on the receiving end of a truth potion? I'm not going to become some criminal."Remus rolled his eyes. "If you'd heard Slughorn at all, you'd know that criminals don't usually get a dose of Veritaserum, Padfoot."Sirius gave a cry of frustration. "Come on, just tell me what the sodding answers are, I want to look at the map-""You'll get a look when you've finished your essay," said Remus pointedly, who had shoved James's head out of the way as he sat down next to him and browsed the map too."Besides, Padfoot, you've seen the map dozens of times, what makes you think this time will be any different?" said Peter, who had moved to behind their sofa.Sirius opened his mouth, then closed it, then opened it again, "Well, it took us a long time to make it! Besides, it was my idea. I'm the rightful owner of the map."At this, the others exploded into protests as they reminded Sirius, yet again, that it had been a joint project, that it had required some of the most complex magic that any of them had ever cast and that it wouldn't have been finished without all four of them working together.Well, thought James privately, it had mostly been me, Padfoot and Moony. Wormtail just sat around acting like moral support… "Methinks I'm still the rightful owner," said Sirius reproachfully.James rolled his eyes. "Just get back to your essay, Pads. And the rest of you lot better keep quiet, Lily's about to enter."A few moments after he had said that, the painting swung open to reveal the Head Girl, looking content and sleepy."Hi," the four boys greeted her automatically."Hey," greeted Lily back, slightly overwhelmed by the presence of them all. "Working on an essay, Black? I thought Remus was the studious one."Sirius shot a scathing look at Lily, who laughed heartily. She then climbed the stairs and was about to enter her room before she turned back to James."Don't stay up too late, all right James?" she said, and James instantly turned his head towards her. " Professor Dumbledore wants to meet with us tomorrow in the morning.""Again?" replied James, checking his watch and seeing that it was already 10 o'clock. "I won't stay up late, then. Are you going to sleep?""I am, yeah," replied Lily."Good night, then.""'Night, James, and you lot as well, I suppose," and she shut the door behind her.James glanced around at his friends, who were keeping rather straight faces. "What?""Nothing!" said Remus, though he did try to hide a smile behind his hand. "So, any success yet, James?""What are you talking about?""Never mind," interrupted Peter quickly. "You know, it is getting rather late for a school night. Maybe we should go back to the tower."Sirius scoffed. "It's only a date with Albus, Prongs is fine with us staying, right?"James rolled his eyes at him, "I'm not actually, Padfoot. I'm feeling rather tired myself." James yawned wide, then spoke to Remus, "When's the next full moon? I'm itching to stretch my legs a bit."Remus pondered for a bit, "Let me think – oh yeah, there's one on the 28th, about four weeks from now.""Good, that's something to look forward to, then.""For you, maybe," said Remus darkly, "me, on the other hand...""Ah, cheer up, Moons," said Sirius, abandoning his essay and placing his head on James's knee, "you'll have us to keep you company."The four of them spent a few more minutes enjoying each other's company, talking, joking, when they all collectively yawned, and they decided that the night was getting fairly old.Lily rapped her knuckles smartly on the surface of James's door. "James!"There was no sound. She envied him for his ability to sleep soundly.Lily sighed. If he didn't wake up soon, they'd be late. Professor Dumbledore had insisted on meeting them both at 7 in the morning, and while she'd agreed like a sheep yesterday she was starting to think that maybe she ought to have negotiated a bit more.Lily raised her hand, pounding the door again. "James, come on! We're going to be late!"When the door didn't open, Lily closed her eyes and prayed to Merlin; she took out her wand."Don't say I didn't warn you, James! Alohomora!"The handle turned with a click. She barged in, peeking between her fingers, and she found James's figure covered head to toe in his blanket, like a corpse in a coffin. He was still fast asleep."JAMES!"The Head Boy thrashed and gave a sort of strangled yell. Two long sticks popped out from where his head should have been, but before Lily could get a closer look, they vanished just as quickly and James flipped over to see who had woken him up.Lily and James stared at each other for a moment – he was clad only in his briefs, which might have added to the awkwardness, and then Lily gave a muffled apology and bolted out of the room, slamming the door behind her.She leaned against the railing. Her heart was beating so quickly she was sure it would jump out and scold her for being so stupid. A near-naked James Potter was not something she was ready to see in the early hours of the morning.Lily glanced at her watch and her stupid heart skipped a beat: it was 6:54. Dumbledore's office was miles away from the Head's tower.She looked at James's door, resigning herself to enter again if he didn't come out in the next ten seconds. She counted slowly, tapping her fingers against her robes, and once she'd reached twelve she marched to his door and was about to start assaulting it when it opened, revealing the messy-haired, bespectacled James Potter.James grinned at her. There was a bit of sleep in his eyes that he hadn't rubbed away. "Shall we go, then?""You've just made us late!" seethed Lily, ignoring him. "Come on, you prat!"She grabbed his arm and marched towards the painting of the two wizards; it swung open and they both climbed through, Lily dragging James in the direction of Dumbledore's office."Lily –""No talking until we get there, James.""But –""We're already late, James! We have to hurry!""Lily." James gently tugged his hand out of hers. She hadn't even realized she was still holding it. "Just stop for a minute, all right?"Lily stood, her arms crossed and eyeing him impatiently. James bent down, tying his shoes while whistling absently."Are you done?" she asked haughtily. James glanced at her and smirked.He stood up, and Lily noticed how much taller he was than her – at least a head in difference.Ignoring her butterflies, Lily turned on her heel. "Come on, then."This time, James grabbed her hand, sending goosebumps all the way up to her elbow. "Just calm down, will you? We're not going to be late."James let go and turned to the wall. They were still on the same floor, and Dumbledore's office was two floors below. James tapped a brick with his wand – it giggled, as though he'd tickled it – it shook slightly, and it fell away, making a hole – the hole grew wider and wider until it formed a passage large enough to fit a small troll. It was dimly lit, though by what she couldn't see."Come on, then," teased James in a voice several octaves higher, and Lily, who'd been standing there with her mouth slightly open, slapped his shoulder and followed James through the hole."Where does this go?" asked Lily. James glanced back."Straight to that corridor. You know, the one behind Zamira the Zealous's portrait?"She racked her brains as she tried to remember where Zamira the Zealous's painting was. "But… isn't that on the second floor? We're on the fourth, how on Earth –?""It's best not to question it, Lily," said James. They continued to walk through the passage for a few seconds, until at last James held up his wand and tapped the wall to their left."Here we are," he said triumphantly.They rounded a corner and said hi to Zamira, who was too busy sleeping to notice them. Soon, they found themselves just outside of the stone gargoyle guarding Dumbledore's office.Lily looked at her watch. "A minute left to spare. Shall we go up?"They said the password to the gargoyle and climbed the spiralling stairs of Dumbledore's chambers. They came face-to-face with the brass door, and Lily knocked on it lightly."Come in," said a weary, tired voice.They pushed open the door and found Dumbledore seated behind his desk, a grey look on his face.This can't be good, thought Lily. She and James took their usual seats and waited.Dumbledore looked at them both sadly. "Lord Voldemort has attacked."Her stomach dropped. She had not been expecting that. Praying that Voldemort didn't know where Cokeworth was, she forced herself to speak. "Where, Professor?"The Headmaster tapped something with his wand, and one of his many silver instruments whirred to life; it spewed green smoke that rippled and shimmered and formed into an image. It had been taken from high up, yet Lily couldn't help the slight gasp that slipped through her mouth as she realized what it was."The Hogwarts Express?" whispered James, looking horrified.The Hogwarts Express had fallen on its side as though a giant had knocked it over. It reminded Lily unpleasantly of the train toys she used to play with as a child. Nearly all of the carriages had been damaged to an extent – melted and peppered with holes and looking as though a huge sword had run it through."Indeed," said Dumbledore grimly. "It appears that Voldemort attacked it after it had departed for London; the only person on the train was Theodore Plant."She didn't recognize the name. James, however, sat up straighter, a startled frown on his face."Theodore Plant?" he asked. "The conductor? Why would Voldemort want anything to do with him?"Dumbledore gave them both a grave look. "The Ministry is working to find that out as we speak, I assure you. Theodore Plant was a great friend of Professor Slughorn. He was a good man.""Was?" said Lily. "But, Professor – you make it sound like he's already –""There were signs of struggle and bloodshed in the train," said Dumbledore. "His body has not yet been recovered. Minister Minchum has pronounced him dead – until proven otherwise."Dumbledore sighed, and for a moment it struck Lily just how old he looked – ancient and worn."So much has happened, so early on in the year," he said sadly. "It did not occur to me that he would try to attack the train; Hogwarts, yes, but not the train.""Professor – you said that the train was empty except for Plant," said James, "Why would he attack when no one was on board?""I believe he merely wanted to frighten people," answered Dumbledore, "Anxious parents will read the news this morning and fear for their children's safety. An aura of terror has seeped into the wizarding community, which is what I am sure he was after. So far, Voldemort is winning."Dumbledore leaned forwards and slashed his wand through the smoke-image; it dissipated and faded into the air."Once this morning's edition of the Daily Prophet reaches Hogwarts, Voldemort's sympathisers – if they do not already know – will try and take it upon themselves to continue his work. I will not have that in my school."The Headmaster regarded them both with his piercing blue eyes. "I must ask you to be on your guard, for they will try to attack any person in a position of authority. I must also request that you start your patrols next week; that way, we will ensure that no one is out wandering at night."Fawkes whistled a low, gloomy tune. Dumbledore smiled bitterly."I'm sorry to have put so much pressure on your shoulders, the both of you," he murmured."That's all right, Professor," said James hurriedly, "We understand."The Headmaster leaned back in his chair and bid them goodbye. Right then, Lily saw a different man – he was still Dumbledore, but not the Dumbledore she had known for so long. He looked vulnerable and worried, human – not at all like an all-powerful wizard capable of solving their problems.She felt her chest heave and breath shorten as scenarios filled her head. She didn't even say goodbye to James as she headed back to her room. At the moment, Lily desired only peace and quiet.Tears silently dripped down onto her lap as she sat on her bed. She wiped her eyes furiously. Lily knew that someone would come in looking for her later, but she didn't care.Voldemort was a monster, she decided. A heartless, cruel monster that could not be reasoned with, that would always be hunting down those with dirty blood, like her; that would always be lusting for power, never satisfied with what he had; that would be forever cursed to scorch Britain with his Dark Mark."Hogwarts Express crash," read Remus aloud an hour later, "Theodore Plant, conductor of Hogwarts Express, presumed dead at 87."The Marauders sat in silence at the breakfast table. James's paper had been brought by the regular post owl, and he'd informed his friends of what Dumbledore had told him."Death Eaters were involved in the derailment and destruction of the train tracks, which caused Theodore Plant, conductor of the Hogwarts express, to veer off course," continued Remus. "His body has not been recovered. The train had been making its return journey to London, and He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named himself was said to have appeared personally.""This says it happened near Dundee," said Peter, reading over Remus's shoulder. "Blimey, it couldn't have been an hour after we'd gotten off."James glanced up at the staff table. Dumbledore was nowhere to be found, nor was McGonagall. He spotted Slughorn looking very miserable as he stirred his morning pumpkin juice with his fork. He remembered what Dumbledore had told him and Lily – that Theodore Plant had been a good friend of Slughorn's.James pushed his breakfast away. He wasn't feeling very hungry. After their meeting with Dumbledore, Lily had gone straight to the Head's Tower and locked herself in her dorm. He had not seen her since."Bloody fucking hell," said Sirius. "It never stops, does it?"They remained silent, watching the rest of the Hall gossip and discuss Quidditch and other pointless bollocks. Very few of them took the paper every day like James did."My family did this," muttered Sirius solemnly. "My blood.""No," said James instantly, holding Sirius's gaze, "Sirius, no – they're not your family. You're a Potter now. You're a part of my family.""My blood," repeated Sirius, "it was my blood…""Since when have you cared about your blood?" snapped James, suddenly aggressive. "Blood means nothing!"Sirius stared back at him, his eyes looking like broken glass. "That summer, before I left the house – I heard Regulus and my parents talking. He said he wanted to be like Bellatrix, follow in her footsteps, cleanse the world of tainted-blood… If I hadn't left, maybe I could've stopped him, changed his mind.""You can't blame yourself, Sirius," said Remus gently. "It's not your fault. Regulus chose his own path."James suddenly understood why Sirius was suddenly feeling this way. He looked at the Slytherin table. It was a different story there: the older students were gathered around in one bench, listening to Avery and Mulciber recount a story. They laughed loudly, and he saw Avery holding the Prophet, pointing to it now and then.A fist closed around James's heart. He suddenly felt violent; he wanted to duel Avery and Mulciber right then and there –No, he whispered to himself. Stop that."I can't stand it," said Sirius. "Not being able to do anything… it's unbearable. We have to do something about this."James privately agreed. They left the Great Hall shortly after that, each going in their own separate ways. He dragged his feet over to the painting of the two wizards."Neverland," he said mutely, and the wizards bowed to him and swung open. He was about to head for his dorm when, suddenly, as if his head had a will of its own, he looked up at Lily's room. The door was slightly ajar, and he had the intense desire to see her.Figuring that it wouldn't hurt to check on her, he climbed the stairs leading to Lily's room and knocked on the door."Come in," said a quiet voice. James pushed the door open.He found Lily sprawled on her bed, her hair a tangled mess and her clothes rumpled and mismatched. Her eyes were slightly red. She had a blank look about her face, but to James, she looked as beautiful as ever."Hey, James," she murmured. "Did you need anything?"James smiled wryly. "Actually, I was going to ask you the same thing." He sat down on the floor opposite her bed. "Is everything all right?"She sighed and rolled over so that he was facing her back now. "Everything's fine, James."James counted the number of flowers that were patterned onto her clothes. "No," he decided. "Everything's not fine."Lily snorted in spite of herself. "Congratulations, Sherlock.""Lily," he said softly, "Everyone needs to let out once in a while. Nobody can be strong all the time."She remained silent. James got up, tucking his hands in his pockets, and turned to leave."I'm here for you, all right?" said James, putting a foot out of her door. "If you need to talk – well, you know where to find me."He made to close the door, but then –"James."He glanced back and saw that she was sitting up, looking down at her mattress.He entered the room once more and left the door slightly open. "Yes?"Lily pulled her knees up to her chest. "I – I don't think I'm ready to talk. It's just… I don't want to be alone. Can you stay here with me?""'Course I can. As long as you need."James sat on the edge of her bed, leaning against one of her bedposts. They remained silent, Lily staring blankly at the floor and James watching her. It was awkward at first, he noticed, but they were making progress.Slowly, Lily began to talk to him. He didn't think she even noticed what she was doing; she'd spoken suddenly, but James listened to her.She told him about how she was worried about her family. The news of Voldemort's attack had reminded her that no one was safe, not even a sweet old conductor like Theodore Plant. She spoke about how she was afraid that her being Head Girl would put her family in danger, and that she was seriously considering resigning her post."No," said James firmly. "You earned this, you can't let some people bully you out of it."Then, she began to open up about how she was worried that she wouldn't survive after school, that Death Eaters would be waiting for her every step of the way. She also told him about how she couldn't go back to the muggle world, that she was much too attached to magic to give it up, and besides; she had nothing – no one to go back to.James was a good listener.And, after she'd finished, James began to tell her about how he was worried for his friends. Not for himself, but for his friends. He told her how he wasn't sure that Sirius would be able to cope with not having something like school to distract him. He told her how he was afraid Remus would get depressed, that he wouldn't be able to find work (she knew about his condition, Remus had told him) all because he was a werewolf.And when they'd finally exhausted their topics, they began to tell stories of their life in and outside Hogwarts. Lily told him how she and Petunia would always fight over the silliest things – all the way up until she'd met Snape, and she found that she was a witch. She recalled her summers in Spinner's End, practising her magic.James, in turn, recounted how he'd spent every summer after Hogwarts talking to Sirius, begging his parents to let him come over so that he wouldn't stay in that house any longer than he had to. He told her how he'd run away the previous summer, and how he'd begun living with him. That was news to her. She'd never known.Time passed quickly as she talked with James. After one particularly funny story about how she and Marlene had once made Alice's hair glow blue while she was talking to Frank Longbottom, she crashed on her bed, laughing delightedly."Oh, Merlin," she snorted, "I've never told that to anyone. Not even Alice knows."James smiled, his eyes glowing at the sight of seeing her happy. "Feel better?"Lily sat up on her elbows, facing him. "Yeah, actually. I didn't know I needed that.""That's good."They remained silent, but it was no longer awkward. She wasn't sure at first how she'd feel about telling James of her childhood. She'd never even told Marlene or Alice that much about it.Yet, looking at him, his lopsided glasses and his messy hair, the way he ruffled it unconsciously, Lily had never felt more sure that she'd done the right thing in confiding in him. She felt all warm and fuzzy on the inside."You haven't had breakfast, have you?" said James suddenly, looking at her concernedly. "Aren't you hungry?"Lily glanced down at her stomach. If she was being honest with herself, she was quite hungry, but she didn't want to leave her bed."Not really, no," she lied easily.James rolled his eyes and grabbed her hand. "Come on. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, you can't miss it!""Well, aren't you the expert on health," said Lily amusedly, but allowed James to drag her down to the common room. "Where are we going? Breakfast is over.""To the kitchens, of course," responded James. "There's always food there.""Students can go to the kitchens?""Of course they can't, but when's that ever stopped us?"They exited the tower and walked all the way down to the painting of the pear. Marlene and Alice gave her a thumbs up when they passed them in front of Gryffindor Tower.She and James didn't even notice that their hands were still interlinked.

Chapter Six: The Cat, the Mouse, and the WardrobeSunday was a busy day for James. He and Marlene had called trials, with Sirius as the ref and scribe. If he hadn't known any better, James reckoned that the only reason his best mate was there was to spend time with Marlene. That, and probably the prospect of ordering around the younger kids, too.In the end, after a long try-out that had kept him in the Quidditch pitch for the better part of the morning, he'd chosen three new people that he was satisfied with: 4th-year Harley Johnson, who had passed after outflying all of the competition, 5th-year Alex Carter, a beater who looked weedy but aimed well and packed a ferocious hit, and Charles Bonham, a 6th-year keeper that had blocked 9 out of the 10 quaffles that James had shot at him.He spent the rest of the day working on prefect schedules with Lily and Remus, something that he found very boring indeed. He'd decided that he'd patrol three times a week, on the days that he did not have Quidditch Practice. McGonagall had told James that under no circumstances would he be patrolling alone, so he put Remus's name on two-thirds of his schedule, and Lily on the last third.On Monday, James and the rest of the 7th years greeted their new Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor first thing in the morning; she was a witch by the name of Miracula Hedith. She was in her mid-40s, figured James, and was pretty in an old-woman sort of way. She'd set them to researching and studying dragons, their first chapter of the DADA textbook. Sirius got ten points taken off from Gryffindor and a detention when he asked her what sort of dragon she busied herself with at night.Next was potions, and they continued to brew their Veritaserum. James and Sirius found no problem with this at all, and nor did Lily; though of course, she had always been ahead of the class in that particular subject. They spent the period cutting up Sopophorous Beans and shaving off bicorn horns.History of Magic came last, which James had no idea how he'd ended up in. He'd gotten an A in his O.W.L, but apparently Binns was so starved of students he'd even let Peter in, who'd gotten a P. James felt somewhat obligated to go to his class, even if he was totally rubbish at it. One of his favourite (only) memories with the old ghost was of him receiving a Circe chocolate-frog card from him.Tuesday passed much like Monday, and so did the rest of the week, in that it was fairly ordinary. He was panicked slightly at the amount of work that he hadn't finished – he had an Arithmancy equation that he was supposed to be dissecting and explaining, due next Wednesday. Professor Hedith had partnered her students, and set them to draw a full-scale diagram of a dragon, mapping out its weak points (James thought privately that, with Sirius as his partner, he wouldn't get that done anytime soon). He also had a Charms essay on the Protean Charm from Professor Flitwick, so, thought James dejectedly, he knew where he'd be spending the nights at.By mid-September, James and Lily had caught a total of ten students wandering out after-hours. He wondered how many of them were actually planning on shagging, but fortunately none of the couples had progressed that far. They hadn't caught any Slytherins, which James found quite odd, because it contradicted directly with what Professor Dumbledore had said.James had agreed with the Headmaster, of course, in which the wannabe Death Eaters would be trying to take over the school. So far, the Slytherins had been perfectly normal – or, at least, as normal as they usually were. They were still slimy, bigotted pricks, and James and Sirius (and on occasion, Remus) relieved their stress by hexing unsuspecting 7th year Slytherins when Lily wasn't looking.So it was on the evening of Wednesday the 21st that James found himself outside of the Head's Tower, waiting for Lily to get out so that they could begin their patrol. He ruffled his hair nervously – she had that effect on him, he was beginning to realize, but he didn't mind in the slightest.Then the painting of the two wizards swung open, and Lily stepped out. She smiled at James and they walked together.It took them half an hour to scout their floor, and they found nothing. Apparently, the students had caught on that James knew their exact location at all times, so they didn't bother anymore.Tonight, though, was different. That morning, he'd left the Marauder's Map with – well, the Marauders – and he'd forgotten to take it back. James and Lily checked every classroom, every broom closet, but still they found nobody.They rounded a corner and climbed a staircase. James cracked a joke here and there, and Lily laughed quietly beside him. He relaxed visibly as they continued to patrol – he and Lily shared the same somewhat-bawdy sense of humour that he'd gotten from years of talking to Sirius.At that point, they were near the Astronomy Tower. It was one of the most common places in which to enjoy a fun, exciting night, and James and Lily had capitalized on that; most of the unlucky couples had been found there.Suddenly, James held a finger to shush Lily and himself, for he had heard a voice coming from the tower.Two voices. Awfully familiar, as well."I think we've found our first pair of troublemakers," murmured James, and then he grinned wickedly. "I know who they are. Let's blast the door open, should give them a good scare."Lily agreed with a matching smirk.They both crept up the stairs, ascending the tower quietly with their wands out, trying to hold in their sniggers. Finally, they reached the door to the parapet; Lily stepped forwards, and with a wave, shouted, "Bombarda!"The wooden door flew open and was blasted back. James felt sorry for the poor students who'd woken up. His guilt immediately subsided as he saw the two figures yelp, ducking as the door sailed past them."Fucking hell, Prongs," complained Sirius, as he realized who was standing at the door frame, "Can't a bloke get some privacy?""The Astronomy Tower, Padfoot?" James cocked an eyebrow. "You deserved it."Next to Sirius, Marlene was blushing profusely, and wasn't meeting James's or Lily's eyes. They were both fully clothed, noted James with relief, but he noticed that Marlene's blouse was rumpled and Sirius's hair messy. They were apparently having a right good time."Well, what would you have me pick?" demanded Sirius. "McGonagall's office?"Lily snorted. "Frankly, anything but the Astronomy Tower. At least you two had the decency to not rip each other's clothes off."James turned to Marlene, grinning widely. "Marls, sweetheart, just make sure to stay safe, all right? And get your priorities straightened out. If you miss practice because you were shagging this wanker –" James gestured at Sirius, who made noises of protest " – I'm going to have to kick you off the team.""Hey!" said Marlene indignantly. Lily laughed at her best friend."Get out of here, you two," said Lily. "And five points from Gryffindor as well."This time both Marlene and Sirius started complaining, but Lily held up her hand. "No arguing. Get to your dormitories. Marly, we're going to have to talk about this tomorrow."Marlene looked as if smoke was about to come steaming from her ears this time, but she grabbed Sirius's hand and dragged him down the stairs."Way to kill the mood, Prongs!" said Sirius as he disappeared through the doorway.James and Lily laughed again. "No detours, you two!""Well, that was fun," said Lily a few moments later. She pointed her wand at the blasted door and said, "Reparo!" and the door flew back to its hinges."We'd better get back now, we've still got a whole floor to patrol."James sighed. "What's the rush? We can enjoy the view from here. It's only eleven, anyways.""It's nearing twelve, actually," said Lily."Whatever," said James smoothly. "I rounded down."Lily shook her head in exasperation, but she leaned against the tower's railing anyways. James copied her, taking in the view.It was a splendid night. The half-moon appeared behind the mountains that ringed the grounds and illuminated the forest before it. James could see birds and Hippogriffs flying above the Forbidden Forest, gliding in intricate patterns that made him dizzy. Once or twice he saw a pair fly high into the air, then swoop back down and didn't return. It was mating season for them.It was also very quiet. The lake was calm and gave no indication that anybody lived there. The castle grounds were peaceful and tranquil, and the only light coming from it was from Hagrid's Hut."I sometimes forget how beautiful Hogwarts can be," breathed Lily.James glanced at her briefly, then turned back to the view. "Yeah, I guess. We should probably head back now."Lily frowned. "But this whole sightseeing was your idea.""I tend to have many ideas at once, love. I think it's my superior intellect."They bickered all the way down the stairs and continued their patrol. They found no trouble, thankfully, and if Sirius and Marlene were out they didn't spot them.Finally, half an hour later, James and Lily trudged back towards the Head's Tower, slightly exhausted. They said their goodnights to each other, and closed the doors to their rooms.Friday dawned and passed quickly. That morning's Potions class had been uneventful, save for Peter exploding his cauldron and covering him and Remus in its contents, causing the both of them to spend their lunch in the Hospital Wing. The rest of the N.E.W.T students had Transfiguration as their final class of the week, and James welcomed it with open arms.They'd progressed to changing cats and mice into full-size wardrobes now, something that James found quite challenging. Sirius was the first to get it, and it took James a couple more tries until the stubborn cat turned into a simple, wooden closet. They were the only ones to do it, though Marlene and Remus had managed to transfigure their mice into half-rodent, half-furniture hybrids, which McGonagall still gave half a point for.That evening found James in his favourite squishy armchair by the fire, sitting with the Marauders. He relished in the thought that he'd be able to play Quidditch tomorrow without any nagging thoughts in the back of his mind, now that his ridiculously tall pile of homework was completely finished.He watched and laughed as Peter played Wizard's Chess with Sirius, who was cursing loudly as his pieces were picked apart one-by-one. Chess was one of the only things that Peter was better at than the rest of the Marauders, and it boosted his self-esteem greatly."Knight to A-6 – wait, actually, G-6, WAIT – are you kidding me?""Bishop to G-4 – not you, the other one, stupid – I've got you cornered now! Checkmate, Padfoot!"Remus grabbed the black king from Sirius's side of the chessboard and turned it around his fingers, laughing heartily. Sirius demanded a rematch, to which Peter readily agreed.James smiled lazily. His mind wandered off to what he'd be doing next; it was ten o'clock, maybe he'd get something to bite in the kitchen… smiling inwardly, maybe he could get Lily to accompany him again, she'd loved meeting the House-elves last time...With thoughts about Lily came warm, pleasant memories. He was pleased with the way their relationship was going so far, even if it hadn't gone that far yet. She'd even called him Prongs once or twice that week, though that had mostly been to make fun of him with Sirius. They were good friends now, and progressing quickly. James found that she was just as easy to talk with as Peter was, or Remus, or – hell, even Sirius, his own best mate.Lily and Remus had been good friends ever since they had become prefects in 5th year, remembered James, something that he had taken advantage of once he'd developed feelings for her. Remus had been less than willing to involve himself in their complicated relationship, but James had promised him a whole month's worth of Chocolate Frogs if he talked about how smart he was, or how good he was at Quidditch, or how muscular he was –He chuckled lightly to himself. Merlin, he'd been an immature little prat. They were good memories, fond memories, but he couldn't help but cringe at them. He had resolved long to give up on her – he was just getting his hopes up, and that wouldn't do him any good. He was just fine with them being friends.A light tap on his shoulder snapped him out of his thoughts. He turned his head, and he found the very subject of his inner, most-private fantasies standing behind him, looking slightly awkward."All right, Evans?" said Sirius, not taking his eyes off of the chessboard. "Seen McKinnon?""James, can I have a word?" asked Lily, ignoring Sirius. "Er – privately?""Sure," said James. He got off from his armchair and turned his back to his friends, who catcalled and threw Chess pieces at him. He and Lily walked over to an empty table near the common-room noticeboards."So," began James, "what did you want to talk about?""Right," said Lily. "Er… well, you know how you and Sirius are the only ones who've turned cats into furniture and all that? In Transfiguration?""Yeah," said James, unsure of where this was going. "What of it?"Lily sighed. "James, what I'm asking – well, I want you to help me understand it all."She waited. James stared at her, uncomprehendingly, when suddenly it clicked."You – Lily Evans – want to ask for my help?""Don't be mean," chided Lily, "but, yes, I suppose I do, and since my only options are you and Sirius, and Sirius is… well, a right arse, to be honest – I thought I'd go to the person who'd be the least likely to laugh at me."James's heart tap-danced."I've had trouble understanding Transfiguration since the beginning of the year, see," added Lily with uncertainty."'Course I'll help you, Lils," said James brightly. "Don't be afraid to ask me, all right? And Sirius too, for that matter. He's not into laughing at other people's skills." He pondered his words for a moment, before adding, "Well, most people, anyway. Peter's an exception."Lily laughed at that. "So, you'll teach me, then?""Obviously. We can start now, if you'd like.""Brilliant." Lily's green eyes were shining brightly. She opened her copy of Transfiguring Reality and turned to the page they were currently working on with Professor McGonagall: The Cat, the Mouse, and the Wardrobe."Right," said James, taking out his wand. "Well, first things first – we're going to need either a mouse or a cat. I saw a mouse near the fireplace earlier with a slice of cheese… let me see if I can – Accio Cheese!"The cheese soared over the heads of his fellow Gryffindors, dragging the poor mouse with it as it clung determinedly and it landed on the table. He waved his wand again ("Immobulus!") and the mouse stayed still.It was a rather fat mouse, noted James, and though he knew that it wasn't Wormtail, since he was still sat by the fire playing chess with Sirius, he couldn't help but feel slightly guilty at the thought of using one of his friends as a lab rat. He pushed down his guilt and turned to Lily."Cats are better, of course," he began to explain. "They're durable and flexible, and there are a lot more possibilities when you're using cats. But mice are easier, that's why McGonagall has us using them in her class."He pointed his wand at the mouse and said, "Vera Minima Lectulo!" The mouse shifted and changed; in its place stood a small brown wardrobe about as big as his hand. James opened its doors and found the cheese tucked neatly inside.He undid the spell and the wardrobe turned back into a frozen mouse. He gestured at Lily to try.On her second attempt, the mouse transformed into a simple black closet with mismatched door handles. The cheese was nowhere to be found."Nice one," commented James. "Of course, anything with minima in it is far easier than its usual spell. But you've got the basics, so it shouldn't be as hard. And also remember – McGonagall wants us practising nonverbal spells. Reparifarge."The wardrobe changed back into a mouse (cheese gone) and James set it on the floor, away from the table. The common room was emptying now, and the space in front of them was wide open."I'm going to turn it into an actual wardrobe, now," said James, and Lily nodded impatiently, her face scrunched up in concentration as to what he was doing.He jabbed his wand at the mouse, thought, Vera Lectulo! and the mouse blurred and expanded before it stood straight up, its fur slowly browning and hardening; it stretched out, warping and shifting, and then a set of wooden doors appeared, and then its walls and its top, and then it all closed with a snap.Once again, he undid the transformation and told Lily to try it out. She raised her wand and began her barrage of spellwork.Lily waved and swished and even muttered the spell, but the mouse didn't budge. James waited for a few moments until he'd decided that she'd suffered enough."You're flourishing your wand a bit too much," said James, as Lily despaired. "It's more a straight jab.""What difference will that make?" seethed Lily, scowling at the mouse. "Even if I did do that –" and she did, jabbing her wand straight at the mouse, but it stayed in place stubbornly "– see! I'm doing something wrong. There's got to be another way.""I think you're thinking a bit too much into this," said James thoughtfully. "You're going about it the wrong way. You're trying to figure out how to go around the problem, instead of facing it head-on. This isn't Charms, Lily. There aren't other methods or different ways to solve things in Transfiguration. We have formulas and laws.""Right," said Lily, seemingly unsure of where this was going next.James gestured at her textbook. There was a large triangle over one of its pages, with different symbols and letters: the Transformation Formula."Even if you are applying the formula," continued James, "you have to visualize. There's so much more to it than just simply imagining a mouse turning into furniture. You have to imagine the mouse's skin turning into wood, its skeleton into the doors or handles or whatever; it doesn't matter. As long as you're visualizing… sort of like a moving painting or picture.""Like a video?""What's that?" asked James curiously. He'd never heard that word before."Never mind," said Lily hurriedly. "OK, so a moving painting… got it."Lily turned her attention to the mouse. She did as James said – a mental replay of the mouse turning into the bed, and she brought her wand down in a straight flick; the mouse changed into a white wardrobe."I did it!" exclaimed Lily, jumping slightly. A couple of Gryffindors looked around curiously, and then Lily blushed and sat down again."Brilliant, Lils!" said James, and he couldn't help but smile; her happiness was infectious. "On your first try, too. That was great."Lily beamed at him. "Thank you, thank you, I've finally got it now, I don't have to pretend to sleep in McGonagall's class anymore!"She and James laughed. Over by the fire, the Marauders shared smiles with each other. They'd been watching from afar."Don't mention it, Lily," said James, leaning back into his chair. "Though… I hope this doesn't mean that you'll top me in Transfiguration."Lily snorted. "As if that's possible." She sighed contentedly and leaned back, copying James.James closed his eyes, still marvelling at the fact that he was actually sitting with Lily Evans, and she wasn't yelling or trying to get away from him. A few years ago, that would have sounded like a dream."You know," continued Lily, "You're a really good teacher, James. Maybe you should take over for McGonagall once she retires."It was James's turn to snort. "While I appreciate the compliment, I don't think I could ever settle down as a Professor. I'm way too much of a troublemaker. There's no way I could make a bunch of hormonal teenagers take me seriously.""Really?" asked Lily quietly. "Because people can change, you know. You've changed."James crossed his arms. "Yeah, well…""It's a rather pleasant change, too," said Lily, looking at him. "It's quite nice."James looked back at her. What was she saying?"Besides, James," said Lily suddenly, after a few minutes of silence between them. "You're the Transfiguration prodigy. You're the one who should be an expert on change."On Tuesday, Lily woke up a little later than usual, having spent most of last night studying. Figuring that it was probably 8 o'clock, she bustled about in her room, brushing her teeth and washing her hair. After deeming herself presentable, she opened her curtains, where she was immediately greeted by a fresh ray of bright sunlight – and she instantly panicked.Reaching for her watch, she realised she had ten minutes to get to class. Her heart rose to her throat – she'd never been late, not in any of her seven years at Hogwarts, and she wasn't going to start now. Lily stuffed her textbooks into her bag and hurried out of her door, accepting that she wasn't going to be eating until lunch. Her stomach rumbled, which did not help, but she pushed down her hunger and raced out of the Tower.James was probably already in class, which meant that she wouldn't be able to use his shortcuts. She descended the Grand Staircase, passing by the near-empty Great Hall, and just barely reached the oak doors as the bell rang.She shut her eyes; the sound of the bell was a cruel reminder that she was late. Dragging her feet out of the doors, she made her way to Greenhouse Three for Herbology. She gave a hurried apology to Professor Sprout, who just bade her sit down, and collapsed on the only empty seat: the one next to James.She couldn't bring herself to focus on whatever Professor Sprout was saying; it was as though her day was destined to be bad. Instead she busied herself with her gloomy thoughts, wondering whether this would stain her record and cause her to get in trouble with McGonagall, which would lead to trouble with Dumbledore, and then the governors, and oh no, she would lose her badge, she would forever be known as the Head Girl who hadn't lasted a single month and would ultimately fail to get a job –"Miss Evans!"She looked up, her eyes wide. Professor Sprout was frowning at her, looking torn between disapproval and concern. She felt James's eyes on her as she squeaked out an almost inaudible, "Yes, Professor?""Are you ready to participate in class, or are you still going to stare off into the distance?""I – no…" she muttered, feeling herself get red as the class tittered. "I mean – yes, I'm ready to participate. I'm sorry, Professor."Professor Sprout gave her one last miffy look and turned back to the class at large, this time holding a large, potted plant. Lily sank lower into her chair, trying desperately to disappear forever…Suddenly, there was a great rumble as everyone got up, and, realising that she had zoned out yet again, she stared around. People were getting into pairs; she saw Sirius and Remus wander off to an empty table. What was going on?"Lily?"James's voice made her jump slightly. She turned to look at him, his hazel eyes amused and concerned. She shook her head; this was no time to get lost again."Yes?" she said, in what she thought was a dignified voice. James smirked."Well, don't just stand there, help me get this Whomping Willow over here –"He heaved a great potted plant, the same as Professor Sprout's, and Lily hurried over to help. They both managed to set it on to their table, where he looked at her expectantly."What?" she said."We're supposed to get these things to trust us," said James, gesturing at the plant. "Professor Sprout reckons that a girl is better suited for the job. Something about the way you smell?""Oh," said Lily, turning to look at the plant. It was large and wilted, and it reminded her of one of those bonsai trees that Petunia had brought home. She reached a hand out tentatively to touch it, but before she could so much as brush against the leaves, the tree lashed out and struck her thumb.Eyes watering, she pulled back her hand and sucked on her thumb, biting down so that the pain would stop. She glared angrily at the tree, but the tree remained still."Are you hurt?" asked James concernedly. "Let me take a look –"But Lily shook his hand off, unwilling to accept help. She could deal with a simple cut. "I'm fine.""All right, no need to get angry," said James uneasily, holding his hands up in a placating gesture. "Why don't you sit down? I'll try to get this thing under control."Lily shook her head stubbornly. "I told you, I'm fine. Now what're we supposed to do with these things?"Still looking unconvinced, James explained that she had to approach it quickly, confidently – Whomping Willows were proud plants, but would yield if they managed to get intimidated. Lily squared her shoulders, and, following James's instructions, she immediately lunged for the trunk of the tree; its branches lifted in surprise, and then it wilted again, as though it had just been defeated. Satisfied, she turned back to James."Now what?""Now," said James, lifting a pair of shears, "we prune the leaves."The rest of the lesson passed quickly. She handed in her and James's pile of pruned leaves, noticing that it was considerably smaller than the rest of her peers', but she couldn't bring herself to care. She had Ancient Runes next, and then a free period after. Resigning herself to an extra couple of hours of sleep and hunger, she shouldered her bag."Oi, Lily!"James again. She sighed, not in the mood to talk with anybody. She turned around, about to tell him off, but then James said, "What's gotten into you?"Blunt and swift. Lily, surprised, opened her mouth to retort, but James beat her to it."I mean, it's not like you at all to be late, or to miss breakfast," said James, a smirk growing on his lips. "I don't ever recall seeing you zone out in class, either –""James, if you're just going to remind me what a disorganized, messy person I am –""Fancy a trip to the kitchens?""I – what?" she stared at him in confusion. Had she heard him right? "The kitchens?"James shrugged, lifting a hand up to his hair. "Well, you seem to have a thing for missing breakfast, so I thought – well, maybe you were hungry, and you'd accompany me to the kitchens…?"Lily stared at him. "James, don't you have History of Magic next –?""It's not like Binns'll notice me skiving or anything," said James, grinning crookedly. "And I'm sure Professor Vector will give you a pass. I've said this before, breakfast is the most important meal of the day. You can't miss it!"As if on cue, her stomach rumbled. She patted it, scolding herself mentally for being weak. "Well, I suppose – but I don't really fancy missing class...""What?" James looked aghast, and he pulled her by the elbow away from the students streaming out of the greenhouse. "What do you mean, you don't fancy missing class? Don't tell me you actually like Ancient Runes?""I'll have you know, James, that Ancient Runes is an amazing subject –""It's boring, that's what it is, and I dunno how you or Remus can stand it," said James, his hand travelling down her arm to clasp her palm. "I swear, Evans, it's as if you have an aversion to fun or something.""I have fun," said Lily defensively, following James down to the route they had gone on a few weeks ago. "I mean, it's just – I separate it from school and all…""You're long overdue for some rule-breaking," said James firmly, reaching the painting of the pear. "And here I was thinking Marlene made you tag along whenever she did something…""As a matter of fact, she does." Lily waved at the House-Elves merrily. "It's not like I can stop her or anything."James sat down across her. "Maybe there's hope for you yet."She stuck her tongue out at him.They spent the two periods chatting with the house-elves and eating themselves silly. They skipped lunch, which she thought for the best, as the food here was heaps better than the food in the Great Hall. She had to admit, it felt fun to be free of Babbling's voice, but she couldn't help but feel scared that the professors would come looking for them. She voiced her fears to James, who chuckled."You're just overreacting," said James, munching on a chocolate tart. "I've done things much worse than miss class, and McGonagall still loves me."Lily snorted."Say, Lily," began James in a voice very different from the one he had used before, "What do you say we do something after this?""Oh? And what did you have in mind?"James scratched the back of his head. There were a few crumbs of chocolate on his chin that Lily wanted to wipe away. "I was thinking... something along the lines of Berkana in Fehu, if you catch my drift...?"Lily stared at him, trying to ignore the way her stomach flip-flopped as she realized what he was saying. "James, that is the most pathetic pick-up line I have heard, and I'm friends with Sirius.""Worth a shot," grinned James cheekily. "Seems that the Ancient Runes that I picked up from Remus didn't all go to waste."She rolled her eyes at him playfully, masking her wide smile with her syllabub. "Has anyone ever told you you have the mind of a twelve-year-old?""If I recall correctly, you've reminded me without fail for the last six years.""Consider yourself reminded again."James grinned again, his hazel eyes sparkling. "I will, because I'm a nice person. A dear, if you will. An... Algiz?""Close enough," said Lily sniffily. "Algiz stands for elk, not deer. And stop it with the Ancient Runes, you're scaring me."When she heard the bell ring, she convinced James to come with her, as it was Charms next. She left the kitchens in far higher spirits than she had upon entering it.That night, in the Gryffindor common room, she found herself feeling incredibly lonely as she sat with her friends around the fire. She mostly stayed quiet, speaking only when she was spoken to, and not contributing to the conversation.She sighed, leaning back into her sofa. Marlene and James were still in the Quidditch pitch, so maybe that was why she was feeling this way. She knew it wasn't fair to Alice – she loved her like a sister, but sometimes the girl would always forget who was around her. At the moment, Alice was chatting with Remus and Peter about who-knew-what, and Sirius was being his usual, obnoxious self by flicking paper-balls towards the heads of unsuspecting second years.She didn't know why she was suddenly missing James. Marlene, she could understand – she was her best friend, obviously – but James? Why, in the overwhelming crowd that was the Gryffindor common room, did she suddenly desire for his company more than Marlene's?Perhaps it was because he had gone out of his way to help her feel better. Or perhaps it was because she spent so much more time with him than either Marlene or Alice these days. Or perhaps it was because things were much less boring with him around. He always knew what to say to defuse the situation, or, if he was feeling like it, escalate it a hundredfold. Lily found herself glancing at the portrait hole, praying that either one of her friends would climb out and save her from her boredom.Berkana in Fehu... she had to admit, that boy could get creative with his words. She snorted lightly to herself.She reached into her bag and pulled out a book. The Tales of Beedle the Bard, a short collection of tales James had given to her ages ago, before what had happened in the Lake. Smiling slightly at the thought of reading about a warlock's hairy heart, she opened the pages and sank into the stories.Half an hour later, having thoroughly exhausted the contents of the children's book, she closed it. She glanced at the portrait hole again, wondering why James was taking so long. It was well past dinner, after all – surely, he would take pity on his team and let them eat. If he wasn't showing any time soon, then Lily might as well pack up and leave for her Tower.She hummed absently to herself, stuffing her book back into her bag. She stared around the common room, noticing that Em and Mary had already gone up after finishing their game of Gobstones. Perhaps she should have played with them; if anything, to take her mind off of things. She was about to stand up when a sudden tap on her shoulder snapped her out of her thoughts.Spinning around, she saw a messy-haired, bespectacled boy grinning down at her from behind the sofa, his scarlet Quidditch robes caked with mud and grass."When did you get back?" said Lily, surprised.James jumped over the sofa and sank into the cushions, propping his feet over the desk. "Missed me, did you?""No," lied Lily. "I didn't see you go through the portrait hole."He shrugged, covering the back pillows with grass. "I came back a few minutes ago. You looked busy."Lily glanced at her heavy bag, where The Tales of Beedle the Bard was stashed safely in one of the pockets. She was strangely attached to the book. "I was reading.""Very interesting," said James sarcastically, tossing a Quaffle up into the air that he'd procured from seemingly nowhere. "Might I ask what you were reading?""Just a children's book," she answered, not wanting to tell him that she had been reading something he had given her. "Is Marlene here?""She's probably taking a bath," said James, glancing up at the ceiling. "We had a rough practice today, Hector and Paris Salley were being quite rude to everyone.""Hmm," said Lily absently. "And why aren't you taking a bath?""Sirius is hogging the bathroom," said James. "I'll shower in the Head's dorm later."Soon, Lily began to relax as her boredom came to an end. She didn't notice Marlene and Alice glance at her happily, nor did she notice Sirius smile at them from the boys' stairs. She didn't even notice the common room slowly empty as curfew drew near. She felt like she could talk to James about anything – his presence was so reassuring, so comfortable, she felt her inner shields go down and let him enter, and they sank into their own little world.

Chapter Seven: The Gathering of Many FacesThe full moon rose over the grounds of Hogwarts, basking the castle and its trees in silvery light. Off in the distance, near the border where Hogsmeade and the highlands converged, the sound of screaming rolled through the grounds.The Shrieking Shack lived up to its name. To Hogsmeade, the wails of the petrified dead were a sign of bad luck. To the Marauders, it indicated that the wolf was emerging.Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs stood to the corner of the Shack, waiting patiently for Remus to finish his transformation. It always started slowly: Remus would pant repeatedly like a wounded dog, then he would start thrashing around, screeching and shouting as his bones elongated and his skin broke apart, his eyes wild and feral, and then...Silence. The wolf had appeared.Prongs and Padfoot looked at each other, gleeful expressions on their animal faces. Wormtail climbed up onto the back of the stag, holding on to his fur.The great dog gave a raucous BARK, and Moony turned to look at them. He grinned, baring his sharp teeth.The wolf raised his head, facing the night sky, and he howled. He poured his pain and lament into a single note; a hymn of magic. But Moony sang not only to the moon, but to his friends too. The prospect of adventure energized him, and he couldn't wait to cause some more mischief.Padfoot barked again, sounding more alert and impatient this time. He pushed open a loose plank of wood in the wall and squeezed through it, holding it open so that Prongs and Moony could come out.The Marauders breathed in the smell of the Forbidden Forest. Then Moony gave a great yelp and bounded towards the woods, his friends right behind him.The golden leaves of September continued to fall all the way up to October, and by the first Friday of the month McGonagall had already asked James and Lily to start planning for the upcoming festival: The Gathering of Many Faces.Lily thought that that was a rather long and fancy name for a costume party, but she didn't object. During the meeting with James and the other prefects, she and the Head Boy stole glances at each other as they listened to the others' ideas. She'd vetoed anything that she found too complicated, fearing that that would cut down on productivity. James just sat there on his seat, once or twice looking at the ceiling as if to say, Why me?She couldn't blame him. After all, McGonagall had tasked James with the worst and hardest jobs. Lily was thankful, of course, but she couldn't help but think that James had received barely any part of the broomstick.So it was on the evening of Sunday that she found James sprawled on one of the common room's many sofas all by himself, consulting a long list of names that he would have to call. Remus had been there a few hours ago, helping him plan the layout of the Great Hall on the day of the festival. Ever since, James had been writing letters to people, begging them to come play at their costume party. McGonagall had insisted he get a good band to come to Hogwarts, and the rest of the prefects had fervently requested for the Crimson Children, who were apparently a new band in the craze. No doubt the same, gormless squealing sound, thought Lily.She sat down on the chair next to James's sofa. "Any luck?""None," said James gloomily. "They're all busy at the end of the month. These Crimson Children – I've never even heard of them, and I grew up with wizarding music.""Well, I'm sure you'll come up with something," said Lily encouragingly.James groaned. She smiled sympathetically and searched through her bag, determined to get some work done. She found her potions essay and began to read it."Why couldn't The Beatles have disbanded after we graduated?" said James grumpily. "I doubt they'd turn down an offer to play at Hogwarts."Lily laughed. "The Beatles would've been nice, actually. See if you can get your band to cover one of their songs."James didn't answer. He flipped over on the couch, his eyes crossing slightly as they zoomed all over the parchment. Lily worked silently beside him, reading over her texts and scratching out mistakes."Hey, Lily?"She looked up from her essay. "Yes?"James squinted at his list. "Have you ever heard of this band – The Weird Sisters?"She shook her head. "No, doesn't ring a bell.""Huh," said James, frowning slightly. "It says here they're quite new. D'you think McGonagall will approve?""Please, James. Do you honestly think McGonagall actually cares about the music? It's the students you'll have to please.""You've got a point there," admitted James. "Maybe I will book these guys. If anything, just to spite Benjy Fenwick."Lily and James shared a laugh. Benjy had been one of the most vocal supporters of the Crimson Children – something that James found quite irritating, apparently."Well, as long as they're nice, I don't really care," said Lily."That's settled, then," said James. He rolled up his list and stuffed it in his bag. "What're you working on?"Lily glanced at him, then turned back to her homework. "Slughorn's essay on the moon. I'm nearly finished, I just need to add a conclusion."James sighed. "Hold on a sec, I'm almost done with mine."He dashed towards his room, leaving Lily alone in her armchair. She waited patiently as James rummaged around upstairs, no doubt looking for his aforementioned potions essay. He came back down a few minutes later holding a crumpled piece of parchment.Lily wrinkled her nose. "Is that supposed to be what you're turning in tomorrow?"James shrugged easily. "Sluggy doesn't really care as long as he can read my handwriting, so I don't see why I – or you – should care."She rolled her eyes. "Forget I asked, then. Give it here, I'll read it over."James handed it to her and he slumped back down on the sofa, rubbing his eyes. "You are honestly the most amazing, wonderful witch I've ever met, Evans.""Someone's been working on their flattery," muttered Lily, though she was quite flattered. She read over his essay, comparing it to hers. Merlin, his handwriting was bad. It could have given Marlene's a run for its money. Who knew that flying around in a broom would cause permanent damage to their fingers?She said as much to James, who chuckled. "Yeah, my mum's crazy about my handwriting as well. She reckons Marlene's is worse, though.""Your mum knows Marlene?" asked Lily, flipping over his essay so that she could read the back."Oh, yeah, of course she knows her," answered James, laying down so that he was facing the ceiling. "Marlene used to come over nearly every week before we went to Hogwarts, her family and mine are old friends. We're practically cousins. Hasn't she ever mentioned that?""I think she has, but I don't remember," said Lily absently. She gave him his homework. "That looks fine, James. I'd add something about how the moon cycle influences a potion's temperature, and then finish it with a conclusion.""Right," said James. He scribbled down what looked like Nordic runes to Lily on his parchment."Speaking of moons," said Lily slowly, remembering something that had been bugging her for a while, "Where were you during Remus's transformation?"James waved his hand carelessly. "You know, the usual.""But what is the usual?" persisted Lily. "Surely you do something.""Yeah, we do," said James. "Peter worries, so we wait in the Hospital Wing for Remus to get back."Lily stared at him. Usually, James Potter was infamous for his believable lies. Hell, he'd gotten his whole reputation due to his ability to lie and cause mischief. But now, with James avoiding her eyes as she scrutinized him carefully, she couldn't help but think that that was one of the most feeble excuses she'd ever heard."If you don't want to tell me, then just say so, James," she said, turning back to her parchment. "I'm not going to push you.""Well, what else are we going to do?" demanded James. "I'm telling you, it's the truth! I mean, we can't exactly keep Remus company as mere mortals, can we?"Lily had to admit that that was true. She looked at him silently, fully appreciating the fact that his shirt was rather tight and rippled whenever he moved. His glasses were slightly lopsided and their lenses were foggy. She noticed the way he kept ruffling his hair, and she had the intense desire to bury her hands in it."Looking at something, Evans?"Lily snapped out of her thoughts. "In your dreams, Potter."James smirked. He threw down his quill on the table, finally finished with his essay.Lily and James left the common room shortly after for dinner.She sidled onto her bench next to Alice, who was talking animatedly with Remus. She drowned out the noise of conversation and piled her plate with foodLily glanced at Remus briefly. He looked quite pale, but, then again, he always looked pale. He had a look of sleepy contentedness on his scarred face. Some of his wounds looked to be fresh, but they were healing, Lily noted.She did some calculations in her head. She was no Arithmancy genius, but if her maths were correct the full moon had been a little more than a week ago.What did James do during the full moon? Obviously, they couldn't keep Remus company as humans, since werewolves were deadly to them. James himself had said so, and Lily agreed, and now she was stumped.Werewolves. Misunderstood, yet, at the same time, Lily couldn't help but be scared of them.Some of her previous words echoed in her mind. They couldn't keep him company as humans…Something bothered her about that sentence. Keep him company as humans…As humans…A thought came to her suddenly. A ridiculous notion, yet she seriously considered it.But… no, not even James or Sirius would be able to pull that off, at least not while they were at school. That was much too advanced and much too dangerous.No, decided Lily. It was something else. No 17 year old was going to be turning into Animagi any time soon.Though, there was that one time in fourth year, when James had asked her a question up-close, and all she could think of was oddly his breath had smelled. It had been a strangely familiar scent, like something she'd inhaled before. Something earthy and plantlike.Something to do with Animagi.Lily tried to reassure herself."Are you all right, Lily?" asked Alice, concern evident in big brown eyes. "You look as though Slughorn's just thrown you out of the Slug Club."Lily shook her head and tried to smile in spite of herself. "I'm fine, Al. As for Slughorn – we all know that's impossible.""Someone's got a rather high opinion of herself," commented Sirius mildly from across her. He'd already finished his potatoes and had moved on to his slice of pumpkin pie.Lily narrowed her eyes at him. "You know it's true, Black.""Are we back to last names again?" asked Sirius innocently. "Because I was getting rather fond of hearing my name stretched out between your lovely lips –"James smacked him around the head. "Stop harassing everyone and eat your sodding food.""Ah," said Sirius, though Lily couldn't tell if he was hurt or just acting sagely. "And that's why you're going to miss out on all the fun, my fellow Marauder.""What?"Sirius waved his fork idly. "You'll see." He glanced up at the staff table and smirked. "Right about… now."Suspicious, Lily whipped her head at the staff table in front of the Great Hall – McGonagall had just appeared, looking dignified – she pulled up her chair beside Dumbledore's, who greeted her as he usually did, like an eccentric old man – and began to eat.Lily held her breath, and it appeared that everyone else did, too. James kept darting his eyes between Sirius and McGonagall, looking apprehensive."Padfoot, maybe you should call it off," said Remus anxiously. "I'm starting to think this isn't a good idea…""Nonsense, Moony, all ideas are good ideas, especially when they come from me," replied Sirius. "Besides, we're far too gone to back out."McGonagall kept eating, talking to Dumbledore in-between bites. This was one of those rare moments in which she didn't look stern, and instead looked at ease."Padfoot, whatever you're doing…" warned James, looking very much like McGonagall. Marlene glared at Sirius, a sure sign that things would go bad if he didn't stop.But Sirius shook his head again, a wicked smile growing on his lips."Now."As soon as McGonagall shoved her spoon into her food, the plate started to vibrate. Surprised, McGonagall dropped her utensils, but she wasn't the only one; all along the staff table, the Professors gave startled cries as their food started to dance. McGonagall pushed away from her chair, looking apprehensive."What in Merlin's name –" she started.The Gryffindors weren't the only ones who were looking on with bated breath – other students from different houses were beginning to notice now, some pointing and whispering and laughing at the sight of the alarmed professors. Only Dumbledore looked relatively normal, and he ate his shepherd's pie with gusto.Suddenly, the plates lifted themselves into the air – they twitched once, some twitched twice – and regurgitated forth a torrent of food and sauce that flew towards the teachers. McGonagall got a faceful of mashed potatoes and gravy.Sirius's laugh died down shortly as the victims rounded on the Gryffindor table. Everyone had been hit – everyone except for Dumbledore, who looked on with amused interest.McGonagall wiped her square spectacles with the back of her hand and turned to the four culprits – three, if James's apprehension earlier was anything to go by. Lily sang a song appropriate for a funeral inside her head as McGonagall straightened to her full height, her eyes seething with rage and her mouth so thin Lily thought she looked rather like a cat."Potter, Black, Lupin, Pettigrew," said McGonagall in a voice of steely calm. "My office – now."James sighed and gave Sirius a look that spelt, I'll kill you later. Sirius only smirked good-naturedly at him, and the four boys trudged single-file behind McGonagall.Marlene laughed, and the rest of the table joined in.Well, thought Lily, and even from two floors below, she thought she could hear McGonagall screeching like a banshee. So much for change.Though, Hogwarts wouldn't be nearly as fun without the Marauders. Lily admitted that much."What the bloody hell is going on between you and James?" asked Alice one evening at the library. Lily and her two best friends were sitting on one of the tables, catching up on their assignments.It was Wednesday, her least favourite day of the week, and Lily had a hard time coming up with an excuse for Alice. She'd just gotten out of Arithmancy with Marlene, and both girls had agreed that Professor Vector was slightly mad when it came to homework."Nothing's going on," said Lily, not looking up from her book. In truth, she didn't know what was going on between her and James.She liked him, Lily could fully admit that now, and James liked her, he'd made that perfectly clear in years past. In the few short weeks that they'd been back at Hogwarts, she and James had been perfectly nice to each other; perhaps a little too nice, thought Lily.But Alice scoffed. "Don't give me that rubbish, all you've done now that you're Head Girl is hang out with James, you never have time for us anymore…""Is that what this is about?" asked Lily, amused. "I promise, after I'm done with this festival, we're going to have a day all to ourselves. No stupid Gryffindor blokes. Right, Marlene?"Marlene grunted, her nose nearly touching her parchment as she scribbled down her notes. "I s'pose.""But you do like him?" inquired Alice, her brown eyes searching her face questioningly.Lily sighed. "It's complicated, Al.""Trust me, Alice, it's not," said Marlene. "Lily's been secretly snogging James in their little common room whenever we're not looking.""I have not," said Lily scathingly as Alice laughed. "And even if I was, what would it matter?""It matters to us, Lil," said Alice, turning back to her book, "because you'd be admitting defeat.""What in Merlin's name is that supposed to mean?"Marlene sighed dramatically. "She's too far gone, Al, I don't think we can save her…""Oh, bugger off, the pair of you," growled Lily, throwing a piece of paper at Marlene. "I don't like him. Happy?""We saw you two going off all by yourselves a few weeks ago," said Marlene, scrunching the paper into a ball and throwing it back at her. "Forgive me if that doesn't look a little suggestive.""For Merlin's sake, we were going to the kitchens!" cried out Lily exasperatedly. Madam Pince gave her the evil eye, and she smiled sheepishly at her before turning back to her friends, "We were going to the kitchens! If I remember correctly, I brought you and Alice enough pastries to fill your dorms!""Yes, and they were delicious," sniggered Marlene. "But the fact still remains that you went off by yourselves…""That's rich, coming from Miss I-shag-Sirius-Black-in-the-Astronomy-Tower," seethed Lily. She rounded on Alice. "I don't see her getting interrogated, why's that, Alice dear?""Because, Lilyyy," said Alice, stretching out the syllables. "Marlene's already dating Sirius, so there's no need to interrogate her.""Besides, Sirius and I aren't that serious anyway." Marlene didn't even smirk at her pun. "We meet each other after curfew, have an hour or two of fun, and go about our day. Whereas you, Lily…""What about me?" snapped Lily."Shut up," hissed Alice before Marlene could answer, as Madam Pince shuffled towards their direction."We've seen you and James dance around each other for the better part of two years," whispered Marlene. "It's bound to happen eventually, don't you think, Alice?""Definitely," said Alice, as Lily groaned in exasperation. "I tell you, Marls, by the end of the year Lily and James will be singing our praises.""Oh, not even." Marlene's eyes were shining. "A galleon that they don't even last till the end of the month."Lily pinched the bridge of her nose, wondering how on earth she got stuck with two of the most annoying friends in the world.They continued to tease her after that, but Lily drowned out the noise. She worked silently on her dragon essay.Fifteen minutes later, she heard Alice snap her book shut, cursing Professor Hedith and her stupid dragons, and took out a piece of parchment. Marlene had given up a long time ago, and was now doodling aimlessly with a pencil.Lily tucked her books back into her bag and glanced at Alice, now writing what appeared to be a novel. "What's that?""A letter," answered Alice. "To Frank," she added to Lily's questioning look. "He's just finished the first stage of Auror Training, so they're giving him a few days off.""Frank Longbottom's an Auror?" asked Marlene, a look of surprise on her face."Yes," said Alice a little defensively, "Why?"Marlene waved her hand vaguely and turned back to her drawing. "Nothing, Al. Curiosity, ever heard of it?"Alice ignored her, instead choosing to continue to write her letter. Lily watched her silently, noticing how her face relaxed when she was thinking about Frank.She scribbled down her signature and rolled up her parchment. "Shall we go? We're not getting anything done here."The three girls exited the library, heading for dinner in the Great Hall. They caught up with Mary and Emmeline on their way."Lily, Lily, Lily," sang Marlene suddenly as they passed through a hallway filled with suits of armour. "Don't you know that delay is the deadliest form of denial?"For the next few weeks, James was so busy he hardly had any time left for mischief-making, which was probably why Sirius had left him in the dark on the whole McGonagall thing.He was still quite miffed that Sirius hadn't at least informed him what he was going to do to McGonagall beforehand. In retrospect, though, James probably would've tried to stop him, since he was Head Boy and needed to keep up images.Now was no time for pranks, though, for as the date of the upcoming festival loomed closer, James's workload doubled by the day.He and the rest of the 7th-years were starting to feel just how stressful things at Hogwarts could be. If James was being honest with himself, he was doing far better than the other students in terms of homework – better, at least, than Peter, who was so far behind in Charms that Flitwick had called him to his office personally.His evenings were filled with the sound of quills scratching on parchment as he worked on his essays. Sometimes, Sirius and Remus and Peter were there to help him; other times, he completed just as much with Lily.As for the Gathering of Many Faces (which, he'd been informed, was actually the 50th anniversary of the death of some wizard), things were going smoothly. James and Lily occasionally spent their breaks hunched over a diagram of the Great Hall, plotting the events and celebrations. He'd bought a tape of The Weird Sisters' debut album, listened to it using Lily's wireless, and had ultimately decided that he rather liked this weird band. The highlight of his week: they'd actually responded and accepted his offer, and had even sent him some free merchandise, which James hung up proudly in his room.Three days before the festival, James and the rest of the Marauders met up in their common room to discuss what they'd be wearing, something that James found quite silly.He'd been listening to Peter drone on and on about the types of costumes he wanted to wear, ranging from an outfit that looked a bit like a bear that he said he'd gotten from a movie called Star Wars (James had no idea what a movie was, nor why stars were trying to do each other in), to a muscle suit with a bat cowl covering his face."You look ridiculous, Wormtail," said Sirius lazily from his spot on the couch. "Take that off, will you?"Peter sighed. "If you insist."He Vanished his cape and mask and plumped back down in his armchair. Remus glanced up from his book, amused."We need to think of something," murmured Sirius. "It's our last year, for Merlin's sake, and Dumbledore's given us permission to go as anything. So why haven't we thought of anything?""Do our costumes have to match?" asked Remus carefully. Sirius rounded on him, an incredulous look on his face."Why wouldn't we have matching costumes?""Because, Padfoot," said Remus, rolling his eyes, "we'll look like even bigger dorks than we already are –""We're not dorks!" protested James.Remus laughed. "Please, Prongs. We have codenames for each other."James and Sirius shut up after that."Oh, I know," said Remus suddenly. He snapped his book shut and sat up, giving the boys his full attention. "How about we go as something cool? Something everyone will love.""That's what I've been saying, Moony," said Sirius exasperatedly, closing his eyes and leaning against one of his pillows. "The thing is – what counts as cool in this place?""I'll tell you." Remus regarded his four friends carefully. "But I'm afraid the process in which to get those four costumes will be a rather long and winding road…"Remus waited patiently as the gears turned slowly in his friends' heads. Suddenly, Sirius' face brightened, and he grinned widely."Moony, you might just be a genius," said Sirius, sliding off of his sofa. "Why didn't I think of that?"James and Peter eyed the others confusedly. "What –""Oh, nevermind, you two," said Remus impatiently, though his eyes were twinkling. "You really ought to get some help, if you haven't yet gotten it…""Help –?" James's eyes widened. "Oh – OH – Moony, you're brilliant, you are.""I don't get it," said Peter, his watery eyes squinting slightly. Sirius rolled his eyes."Don't be thick, Wormy, honestly –""Just leave him be," said Remus firmly. "We can work out the finer details with him later, Wormy can wait."The rest of the boys laughed, but Peter just stared at them, a bewildered look on his face."I still don't get it."On the afternoon of the 31st of October, James and Lily were standing in the middle of the Great Hall, now decorated as it usually was for Hallowe'en, waving their wands in a careful manner as dancing skeletons and cackling pumpkins soared through the air. They'd been excused from classes by Dumbledore and McGonagall to work on the festival, and it was really coming along well, if James said so himself.The four house tables had been decorated with jack-o-lanterns and jack-in-the-boxes and who knew what other jacks. The plan was to have the feast first; therefore, the house tables would be needed. After the feast, fourth-year students and older were permitted to stay in the Great Hall till midnight, in which the festival would officially end.James got on one of the tables, scanning the mass of unlit candles laid out on the floor. His mind flitted back to his first year, when he'd met Sirius, and when things seemed so much simpler. Smiling slightly, he swished his wand and flicked"Wingardium Leviosa!"The candles rose to the air, nearly reaching the ceiling."Nice touch," commented Lily. "But what if the wax falls on a student?"James shook his head mischievously. "I think you forget, Evans, that we're at Hogwarts. These are enchanted candles from Zonko's, they won't be waxing off anytime soon."Lily had no time to retort, for at that moment, the Great Hall's double doors opened and in strode Dumbledore, leading a group of six men, all with wild-looking hair, and all carrying bulging bags. The Weird Sisters!James jumped off of his table and hurried towards them, dragging Lily as he did so. Dumbledore smiled proudly as he surveyed the room. "The Great Hall looks spectacular! An excellent idea, to have floating candles. Perhaps we'll use them more often from now on.""Thanks, Professor," said James quickly, and then he turned to the man at the front of the group. "Myron Wagtail? Big fan."Myron Wagtail looked surprised, but he extended a hand to James, who grasped it excitedly. "Thanks, Potter. You don't know what it means, letting us play here.""Couldn't have asked anyone else," said James proudly. He gestured towards the dais that usually held the staff table. "You're going to be performing there, after the feast. We'll have a stage ready and everything.""Right," said Myron, nodding good-naturedly. His long hair bounced up and down as he moved his head.James felt Lily nudge him, and he looked at her confusedly before turning back to The Weird Sisters, now remembering. "Oh yeah, my friend here has a request, if it isn't much trouble?""Depends," said Myron, shouldering his bag. "What sort of request?""We were wondering," began James, "if you could play the Beatles as your closing act? Should round off the night in a memorable way, don't you think?""Everyone loves the Beatles," piped in Lily. "I guarantee that your popularity will skyrocket after this, Mr Wagtail.""I see," said Myron. He looked quite flustered to have been called 'Mr Wagtail' and turned to his bandmates. "Well, what do you say? Some good Muggle music to end our gig?""Why not?" said a pale-looking young man with short hair. "Should be fun."Dumbledore kept turning his head back and forth between the two parties, evidently surprised that they were friendly with each other."Well! It seems that you are all well acquainted, so I see no reason to make introductions," said Dumbledore, and he bowed to The Weird Sisters, who bowed back and shuffled off to prepare their gear. "Miss Evans, you must tell me more about this Beatles band that you are speaking of. I shall take my leave. I will be looking forward to tonight!""We'll see you, Professor," said James, inclining his head slightly. The Headmaster smiled and exited the Great Hall."I reckon we're done here," said Lily, eyeing her work one last time. "We should get back to the common room."A couple of hours later, James and the rest of the Marauders donned matching black suits and ties. Sirius had charmed sideburns onto his face, and Remus and Peter had both grown moustaches.James rubbed his hair with his dad's very own invention: Sleekeazy's Hair Potion, and, true to its saying, his hair softened and straightened."Come on, then," said Sirius, pushing the door open. "Can't wait to dance with Marls.""Tonight marks the fiftieth anniversary of Harry Houdini's death," boomed Dumbledore. "We celebrate him, for not only was he a great wizard, but because he managed to show a little part of our world to our Muggle brethren in a way that would become unforgettable for them. For Harry Houdini."James raised his glass of Butterbeer. The toast was repeated by the hundreds of students present in the Great Hall. "For Harry Houdini."It was his turn now to speak. Dumbledore stepped back, and suddenly the light turned to James."Sonorus," he muttered, pointing his wand at his throat. He cleared his voice, which sounded like an elephant trumpeting now, and addressed the students. "And now, ladies and gentlemen, for this evening's entertainment, I present – no, Fenwick, it's not who you think it is – THE WEIRD SISTERS!"There was a bang and smoke appeared on the stage; for a moment all was quiet, and James thought that something had gone wrong, but then he heard Myron Wagtail's suave voice. The students roared with glee and surged forwards to the stage.James caught Lily's eye and grinned. She looked very pretty in her robes: fine white silk that flowed flawlessly, and had been charmed with moving silver stars that travelled across the folds of her chiton. Her long red hair had been braided in a plait, held by a pin with a single crescent moon sticking out on top. He jerked his head towards the lonely refreshments area, and she followed him there."It's come along nicely, don't you think?" said James, gesturing at the Great Hall."Yeah," responded Lily, filling her glass of Butterbeer. "Your band isn't bad either, James.""Cheers." He drank from his cup. "I'm just glad it's over."Lily stepped back and surveyed him, smiling slightly. "Let me guess… John?"James sighed. He'd been mistaken for John twice that night – the other had been by Alice. "I'm Paul, actually. Sirius is John."He and Lily glanced over at the dance floor. James spotted Sirius dancing wildly with Marlene in his arms as The Weird Sisters played Holy Hydra. "But you have the glasses –""And Sirius has the sideburns," countered James, smirking. "I'm clean-shaven, see?""All right, fine," relented Lily, rolling her eyes. "Can you guess what I am, then, Paul?"James looked her up and down, stroking his clean-shaven chin thoughtfully. "Stars, the moon, a Greek dress… hard to get that wrong, isn't it? You're Artemis."Her smile told him he'd gotten that correct.They stood side-by-side, watching the others dance. Once or twice James cracked a silent joke, and they both laughed themselves silly. Soon, the Butterbeer turned into Firewhisky that he'd managed to snuggle in, and he shared it with Lily."We haven't fought in over a year now," remarked James suddenly, a while later. Lily looked up at him, surprised."Yeah," she smiled serenely. "D'you want to fight now?"James choked on his Firewhisky. "No thanks. I rather enjoy these moments alone with you, see.""Noted." James felt Lily reach out and squeeze his hand. "You're not so bad, Potter."James sincerely hoped that his palm wasn't sweating, because he sure felt like it was. His heart raced, and he whooped at the feeling of his hand clasped with Lily's.They joined their friends on the dance floor. He twirled Lily about, matching the upbeat tune that The Weird Sisters were playing. James and Sirius even danced together, roaring with laughter as they did so, and they both managed to pull Remus 'George Harrison' Lupin in to form a triplet. The Great Hall was less crowded now, and many of the students had left for bed or to take a night stroll out on the grounds.At a quarter till midnight, The Weird Sisters announced that they'd be playing a 'couple of Muggle songs', to which Lily squealed and dragged James off, presumably to dance. The Marauders shot him mischievous smirks that he only rolled his eyes at, and he lost sight of them in the crowd after that.The lights flickered, and Myron Wagtail stepped out in front, holding his microphone seductively. Professor Dumbledore and Professor Sprout danced tipsily off to the side, rotating slowly as Professor McGonagall cheered them on.To lead a better life...Lily guided him across the dance floor as though they were in a dream. James held on to her hand, his mind still fuzzy about the fact that this was actually happening, Lily Evans is willing to dance with me, she looks happy and I am happy…James waltzed with her, not caring that the others might be looking. At the moment, it was just him and Lily, no one else mattered, it was only her, her lemony scent, her dazzling smile and those enchanting emerald eyes that entranced him so…I want her everywhere…James agreed fully. He twirled Lily in his arms and pulled her close, their faces inches away from each other, and at that moment he felt the creature in his chest roar with approval. He felt as though every fibre of his being longed for her.Watching her eyes and hoping I'm there…Lily Evans's green eyes bore into his, a hard, blazing look on her face that told him that you're all right, after all, and I don't hate you, I never hated you, you stupid prat –Here, there, and everywhere.The song ended to raucous applause. James swore to himself right then and there – he'd always be there for the girl dancing in his arms, whether as friends or more, he'd always be there…James and Lily continued to sway slowly, their eyes glued to each other and smiles etched permanently on their faces. The candles above flickered dimly, and the last of the conjured bats vanished into smoke.The Weird Sisters started to play a slow, mellow tune, belonging neither to them or to the Beatles. It held few notes, but James felt as though it captured his emotions perfectly. He understood without having to think, he felt without reaching out, that this was right, this was so right… He pulled Lily closer, her warm body pressing up against his. He leaned down, smelling her sweet red hair, his hands tangling themselves in her locks, and he wished that this moment could last forever…"You're an excellent dancer," murmured Lily in his ear, leaning her head to his."You, too," said James softly.They moved back and forth slowly, tiny little steps that made the moment ever more delightful."We could elope," whispered James. "Just you and me…""Cheeky," breathed Lily, digging her hands into his hair, messing it up so that it was no longer neat and tidy. "And where would we go?"James nearly stepped on her foot.We. She hadn't rejected him. She hadn't recoiled, she hadn't scowled, and she hadn't said, in your dreams, Potter.I'm living a dream."I dunno," muttered James gruffly, revolving slowly. "I never thought I'd get this far…"Lily threw her head back and laughed. "Hogsmeade? After your match next week?""We, love," said James, resting his hands on her shoulders, "Can go anywhere you bloody well want."Lily smiled at him.Chapter 8! Or technically chapter 7, seeing as how I split the Plant the Truth chapters into two. In retrospect, I probably should have split this as well, as it's rather long.Disclaimer: The song I used here is Here, There and Everywhere by The Beatles! It's not my favourite song, that honour belongs to either In My Life or When I'm Sixty Four. I love The Beatles, their more popular songs are just so wholesome.Edit: I changed all the Marlons to Myrons. I do apologize, they're similar-sounding names and I didn't even realize at first. We can't have firsts-year Hufflepuffs becoming world-class rockstars, can we?Also, if any of you notice any sentences in which there aren't any periods, please let me know! I'll fix them right up. I noticed a few when I was reading through the already published chapter on the app, but I've since forgotten where they were and it's really a chore to read it all again. Read and Review, as always, and I hope you enjoy the chapter!

Chapter Eight: Quidditch WingThe next few days of November turned out to be some of the most memorable in Lily's life at Hogwarts, she came to realise. For one thing, it was Sirius's birthday on the 3rd, and she tossed him his present (a book on the greatest Muggle rock bands of the 20th century) as soon as she saw him at breakfast."Thanks, Lily," said Sirius, surprised. He ripped open the wrapping, squealed in a very unmanly-like manner once he saw the title, and flipped through the pages."I still can't believe you're eighteen," said Marlene, after pecking him on the cheek. "You act like a twelve-year-old."They had a good day after that. They all gathered in the Head's Tower after dinner, with Peter and Remus stumbling in a bit later laden with Firewhisky. Sirius roared with delight and passed around the drinks, taking two for himself."Here's to Padfoot, scion of House Black," said James sarcastically, holding up his bottle. "May he finally grow a pair and move out of my house, I'm starting to get real tired of him…""James, you wanker of a dog, you know you love me," mumbled Sirius, throwing an arm around him. "Here's to me!"The toast was repeated by the rest of their friends, and they laughed as Sirius declared his undying love for James.Another thing that made it quite memorable was that she'd finally had her girls' night with her previous dormmates, and they spent the time catching up on each others' lives.She didn't tell them about James. That was, she felt, much too private to share, and she wanted to keep it that way. Her moments of peace were few and far between, for, while nobody had heard what she and James had talked about at the Festival, they'd certainly seen them dance.Of course, it wasn't all bad. She and James hadn't touched on the subject just yet, but it was still there whenever they were alone in their common room – like some sort of erumpent waiting to explode.They'd been much more intimate as of late, with Lily reaching out and squeezing his hand whenever she felt stressed, and him reciprocating – but he always seemed to hold himself back, something that Lily didn't appreciate. She wanted to go out with him, she wanted to experience the feelings she'd felt that night at Hallow's Eve – and what better way than to snog the boy who'd caused them senseless?Sirius had apparently picked up on what had been going on, and once or twice she caught him eyeing her mischievously. She ignored him, as she always did, but it didn't stop her from having second thoughts – what if James wasn't interested anymore? What if, after all this time, she suddenly didn't seem to be worth all the trouble he'd put up with?Of course, she knew that that wasn't true. If anything, James was more enthusiastic these days, now that they'd finally gotten past the friends phase, but it raised more questions for her: what were they?More than friends, Lily had answered herself. More than friends… but not quite there yet.And when would they reach there?Lily sighed and stopped chewing her pork. All this thinking about James was bad for her.At that moment, the Head Boy in question sidled onto her bench, wearing a set of Quidditch robes, squeezing himself between Sirius and her; her heart skipped a beat, and her hands became clammy.James poked her gut. "Had a good day?"Lily flinched. That bastard knew she was ticklish down there. "Yes, thank you, Mister Tactless – you know how I feel about you doing that…""I know exactly how you feel," muttered James quietly, "Which is why I do it, of course."Lily resisted the urge to pinch him. I know exactly how you feel… was he doing this on purpose?"You haven't answered my question," said James, raising his finger threateningly."Don't do that," hissed Lily, forcing his hand down. "Fine, I had a good day. What does it matter?"James started piling his plate, seemingly satisfied with her answer. "It matters, love, because I care. Is that too much to ask?""No," said Lily haughtily, but she smiled all the same. "It'd help if you didn't bloody tickle me, though."James laughed through his mouthful of potatoes. "How else am I supposed to get a reaction out of you?"Lily bit back her tongue. He'd always known how to get a reaction out of her…Though, she recalled, it had certainly taken a long time to get the right reaction."Shouldn't you be practicing?" asked Lily, forgetting that James was wearing his Quidditch robes.James rolled his eyes. "What do you think I've been doing? I've been out on the pitch since noon.""Worked us to death, you have," said Marlene miffily from across them. "Mind you, I can't remember the last time my arse hasn't felt like it was moaning in pain…""Ah, cheer up, Marly," said James, flashing her a smirk that secretly made Lily's heart dance. "It'll be worth it once we win.""I think I value my health more, thanks," retorted Marlene."You know you love me," teased James good-naturedly. Marlene rolled her eyes and turned to talk to Alice.The rest of dinner passed quickly. James and Marlene were eating a lot more than usual, noted Lily. She'd already finished her food when they both swooped in, piling their plates once more, and eating as though they'd been Imperiused.At 9 o'clock she and James returned to the Head's Tower, with James talking about the Quidditch tactics he and Marlene had come up with. Lily always loved it when James talked about Quidditch. His hazel eyes always lit up and he spoke so enthusiastically it was hard not to share in his energy.Lily squeezed his hand and ruffled his hair and bid him good night, secretly disappointed that he hadn't kissed her once in all the time since Hallowe'en."You've got to eat, Prongs," said Sirius gently at the breakfast table, shoving a piece of toast under his nose. "You won't have any strength once you're up in the air.""I already ate yesterday, Pads," said James, feeling sick to the stomach. "I don't feel so good now.""Come on, Prongs, just a little bite," said Peter, offering him a bowl of Cheeri Owls.James pushed it all back, irritated. "I'm not hungry."Remus sighed. "Every year, Prongs. Do we have to do this every year? Just eat your sodding food."The others continued to persist, though James knew it was more to rile him up than to actually give him any food. One of the things that came with being a Marauder: everyone was always sarcastic."All right!" he said finally, taking Sirius's toast and dumping it into Peter's cereal. He stirred it with his spoon, and he ate it all in a single gulp."That's disgusting, James," said Remus absently from behind his newspaper. "Don't call us if you vomit over the Quidditch pitch."James pointedly ignored him."Anything interesting?" asked Peter, satisfied that James had eaten.Remus shook his head and folded his newspaper, turning to his plate of eggs. "Nope. Nothing about Theodore Plant or Voldemort. No attacks either, they've been keeping quiet.""We all know how that turned out last time," said James darkly.Remus shook his head again, an exasperated look on his face. "Prongs, the only thing I want you to think about is this match. You can't afford to be distracted by anything else.""Fine," said James, annoyed. He massaged his temples, trying to block out anything that wasn't a quaffle. "Have any of you seen Marlene? She's not here at breakfast.""She's probably already at the pitch," said Sirius vaguely. "Probably doesn't want to see you worked up, Prongs.""Right." James stood up, adjusting his Chaser's gloves. "I'll see you there, yeah?""Make sure you remind Regulus that his house is a pile of erumpent dung, all right James?" said Sirius, clapping him on the back."I'll try," responded James drily.He saw Lily and Alice leave the Great Hall. He hadn't talked to her all morning, except for their usual routine at the Head's Tower, and he so desperately wanted to…Convincing himself that he wasn't going to throw up on the pitch, he followed her out of the Great Hall.Lily walked down the path to the Quidditch Pitch with Alice. She hadn't seen Marlene at all that morning, who had gone straight to the locker rooms, Alice had informed her.And James… she was slightly disappointed that she hadn't seen him, either. He'd been in a hurry that morning at their Tower, and she was afraid that if she'd gone up to him during breakfast, he'd start panicking.That wasn't an overreaction. Lily remembered (quite fondly, now) how James had been before his first Quidditch match during their third year. He was just slightly more calm than a Hippogriff who'd been insulted.Alice babbled on about something or other, and Lily just agreed with whatever she said in-between her pauses of breath. They reached the gates to the pitch soon after.Even from outside, the stadium seemed to be very crowded. Flashes of green and crimson could be seen all around her; the colors for Slytherin and Gryffindor. She looked down at her measly red-and-orange scarf and sighed. She really could have done better in showing House pride.Just when she was about to enter with Alice, she felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned around and nearly choked.The Gryffindor Captain himself was smiling down at her, looking very good in his Quidditch robes, his hair as messy as ever and his hazel eyes twinkling brightly."Hi," said Lily breathlessly. Alice sighed, gave her one last knowing look, and entered the pitch. She could have sworn she saw her smile."Hi," breathed James, his words forming mist in the cold November morning. "I just… er, wanted to see you before I played.""That's good," said Lily. She mentally kicked herself. That's good?"Right," said James, smiling happily. "Well… wish me luck, yeah?"She matched his smile. "Good luck, Potter."James stepped back, ruffling his hair. He saluted her and turned away.She glanced around her. Most of the students had already entered the pitch, they were very much alone now. Nobody was there to see her.Lily stood rooted to the spot, staring at his retreating back, her heart racing so quickly it nearly ached.For once, she decided to listen to her feelings. Lily smiled again, more to herself than to anyone else, and raced after James."Oi, Potter!"James had no time to respond, for as soon as he turned around, Lily grabbed the front of his robes and pulled him closer, and kissed him.She felt James relax, she felt his lips open as they made contact, and they both sunk deeper into each other's arms. She released his robes and curled her fingers around his face, gripping tighter, inhaling in his scent that smelled so like the forest, not wanting to break apart, wanting this moment to last forever –Potter, she thought giddily. His lips were soft.But James pulled back, out of breath and his face very red. His arms were still holding her waist.James took her face in his hands, a huge grin breaking out. "Merlin, Evans, I –"A flash of light blinded her suddenly, and she covered her eyes as a familiar voice sounded, "Way to go, Prongs!"Lily whipped around, finding the Marauders behind her, all with identical grins plastered on their faces. Remus was holding a large camera that was spewing clumps of purple smoke from the top."Sod off, you lot," said James, his hand finding Lily's and squeezing it. "When did you get here, anyway?""Followed you as soon as you left the Great Hall," answered Sirius cheekily. "We'll save it for the parties, eh?"Lily rolled her eyes at them and turned back to James. "Don't mind them, they're parasites…""I can still hear you, Evans!""Fuck off, Black," she said heartily. She stepped back from James, a playful smile on her lips. She could still feel his presence lingering on them…"I should better go," muttered James, his hand trailing up to his hair. His blush still hadn't faded completely. "See you in the stands, Lils.""Go smash them, Potter," murmured Lily, giving him one last smile. "Stay safe.""Where've you been?" demanded Marlene furiously, "The game's about to start!""Sorry, Marls," said James, switching out his square spectacles for a pair of Chaser's goggles. "Got a bit carried away with your best mate…""What?""Never mind," said James quickly, seizing his Nimbus: One. "Ready? Let's go, then."The Gryffindor Quidditch Team marched out on to the pitch. The stands up above cheered and booed deafeningly. On one end of the stadium, a sea of red and gold decorated the stands; on the other, it was a mass of green and silver.James licked his finger and pointed it high in the air, feeling for the wind. There was a slight breeze, and the temperature was as cold as ever… but there wasn't a cloud in sight, and the sun shined warmly on his face as he basked in the feel of the upcoming match.James stepped up to Madam Hooch, who had her foot over the ball crate and was waiting to release them."Shake hands," she said, and James grasped Lucinda Talkalot's hand briefly. "Mount your brooms, and on the whistle. Three… two… one!"Madam Hooch blew the whistle, James and the others kicked off hard from the ground, and in no time they were up in the air."Aaaand they're off!" cried the voice of the announcer, 5th-year Hufflepuff Julius Ainsley. "The Quaffle is taken by Salley, he immediately drops it to Johnson – he fumbles and it's taken by Hamish Greene, Greene's about to pass – intercepted by Salley –"James raced forwards, letting Harley and Paris Salley take hold of the Quaffle; he was all clear, and Salley hurled it towards his end; he lunged for it, grasping the Quaffle with the tips of his fingers; he streaked past Sigmund Dijkstra, the Slytherin Beater; taking aim, he pulled back, he shot, and he let fly –"GRYFFINDOR SCORE!" bellowed Julius. "Ten-nil to Gryffindor!"James pumped his fist into the air, scanning the stands, and there he saw her – Lily, sitting with all of their friends, cheering him on –He could still feel the taste of her lips on his. James grinned, turning back to the pitch."Slytherin in possession – bludger to the head by Hector Salley, that's gotta hurt – Quaffle taken by Talkalot, who passes to Greene – he speeds up to the goal post, can Bonham save – yes he can! Gryffindor in possession, is that the Wollongong Shimmy I see? Johnson to Potter, Potter speeds up – ouch, a bludger to his arm – Gryffindor still in possession, it's Salley, Salley all the way – he shoots –"James watched on with bated breath, but the Slytherin Keeper blocked it, earning a collective groan from one end of the stands. James shook his arm and grit his teeth."Pull back! Nice try, Paris, you'll get them next time…"The match went on. Gryffindor scored six more goals, three of which had been by James, while Charles Bonham had only let in a single Quaffle. James was quite pleased with the way this was going, if they kept this up they were sure to win…James passed the Quaffle over to Paris, who ducked under the bludger sent by Avery and dropped the ball to Harley. Harley passed up to James, who outflew his own set of bludgers and warped around Albina Aurelius, the Keeper – he tossed it through the hoop, though his aim had been a bit wonky –"Potter scores! Eighty-ten to Gryffindor!"James raced up into the air, feeling exhilarated, and he laughed like a madman – this was easy, they were sure to win –WHAM!Pain immediately erupted from the back of his head – he lurched forwards on his broom –THUMP!Another strike, this time to his side – he slipped off, his fingers gripping the handle – they couldn't hold his entire weight and he could feel his strength waning –"THAT WAS DELIBERATE!" bellowed McGonagall into the megaphone, pushing Julius out of the way. "ROLANDA, SURELY –""Have fun, Potter," spat Avery in his ear. James didn't respond, he couldn't respond, his head felt like it was about to explode, pain came at him from every direction, and his ribs felt as though they'd cracked...A hand wrapped around his waist, pulling him down gently; they descended down, Marlene gripping onto his robes tightly – James felt his feet touch the ground and he collapsed on the cold grass.He might have passed out for a moment, but then his eyes fluttered open – Madam Hooch had her wand pointed to him, looking worried – he saw Marlene and the rest of the team gathered around him in a circle."Are you all right, James?" asked Marlene.James sat on his elbows, lifting a hand up to touch the back of his head. "I guess – what happened?""Avery attacked you," said Hector Salley bitterly. "Right after you'd scored. He flew up and hit you with his bat. He's being suspended by Professor McGonagall."Marlene held out a hand, and James grasped it tightly. "Are you sure you're all right?""I'm fine, Mary," said James, shaking his head. It was clearing now, he could see his fingers again. "In the air, everyone, let's go."Marlene glanced at the others, who shrugged helplessly.James flew around the pitch in a dazed heap, oblivious to what the Gryffindor stands below looked like.Lily was beside herself, screeching and hurling insults at the Slytherins – but it was nothing compared to Sirius. He looked livid."I'm going to kill him," snarled Sirius, "Avery's going to pay…"Remus and Peter stayed silent behind him; if anything, they agreed.The match went on for ten more minutes, by which time Slytherin had steadily added to their number of goals."Eighty-sixty, to Gryffindor," said Julius half-heartedly, to groans from the Gryffindors. "Professor, Potter doesn't look so good, maybe he should rest – BLACK AND MCKINNON RACE UP, THEY'VE SEEN THE SNITCH!"His voice suddenly took on an energized and excited tone; and everyone momentarily forgot about James, who was still flying around in slow loops –"Come on, Marls," muttered Sirius, his eyes darting between his best mate and his girlfriend, "End it now…"Marlene sped forth, neck-to-neck with Regulus Black – the Snitch preceded them, darting around erratically – the two Seekers zoomed across the stadium, their arms stretched out –They dived. Marlene knocked Regulus's hand out of the way and her fingers grasped the tiny golden ball, and she pulled out of her dive just before she hit the ground – she raised her hand, holding the fluttering snitch, bellowing like a banshee."AND MCKINNON'S GOT THE SNITCH!" screamed Julius excitedly, "TWO-HUNDRED AND THIRTY TO SIXTY, GRYFFINDOR SLAM SLYTHERIN SIX FEET UNDER!"As soon as the Snitch had been caught, James spiralled to the ground and collapsed. Marlene immediately descended, her first-aid Quidditch training kicking in. She handed the Snitch to Madam Hooch and dismounted her broom, running up to James.Lily and Sirius had already jumped from the stands on to the pitch, wearing equal expressions of worry, and were hoisting James up on a conjured stretcher."Marls, can you get his legs?" grunted Sirius, his face very white. "We're taking him to the Hospital Wing."As a single unit, they marched off, carrying an unconscious Quidditch Captain.James woke up several hours later, lying on a comfortable bed surrounded by cards and boxes covered in wrapping paper. He raised his head groggily.He blinked, looking around. The sky outside was indigo streaked with crimson. The last rays of the sun shined out from behind the mountains. To his right, two people sat on chairs, leaning on each other, sleeping soundly.James slumped back on his bed, causing the various boxes to rattle and shake. His head felt strangely heavy; he raised a hand and felt a stiff wrapping of bandages.Sirius woke with a start. He and James stared at each other, and then he nudged Lily awake."Hullo, Prongs," said Sirius, standing up and stretching his limbs.James felt around his side; there were bandages there too, and there was the unmistakable feeling of having had his bones repaired quickly."What happened?""Cracked skull and broken ribs," said Madam Pomfrey, bustling over and holding a piece of parchment. "Some of your bones ledged themselves into your brain, Potter, but I managed to pull them back. Nothing to worry about now.""That sounds like something to worry about," muttered James, feeling the back of his head. "Did I fall or something? I don't remember –"Madam Pomfrey glanced at Sirius and Lily pointedly and left his bed."Well, you see, Prongs," started Sirius slowly. "Avery sort of… bashed your head in.""Ever the tactful one, Sirius," muttered Lily. She pulled her chair closer to his bed and sat down. "You were really badly hurt, James.""No kidding," said James sarcastically. "Did we win?""Marlene caught the snitch a few minutes after you were hit," said Sirius, a note of suppressed pride in his voice. "We won two-hundred and thirty to sixty."James let out a sigh of relief he didn't know he'd been holding. "Brilliant. Tell her that I actually love her now, will you, Padfoot?""I'll be sure to send her your messages," said Sirius pompously, standing up. His eyes wandered from James to Lily, and he winked at her. "I'll leave you two alone now. See you later."And he left. James reached out and found Lily's hand, and he massaged his thumb over it. She gripped it tightly.She had a white brassard on her left arm, noticed James. Stitched to it was a red cross, the symbol for St Mungo's."You volunteer for the Hospital Wing?" asked James, surprised."Yep," she said. "Been volunteering since fifth year. Looks good on my application."They sat in silence, fully enjoying the warm of their hands clasped together."I guess this means our Hogsmeade trip is cancelled," said James gloomily. "I was so looking forward to it…"Lily looked at him, an incredulous look on her face. "Honestly, James, I'm just glad you're OK. Forget Hogsmeade.""It was supposed to be our first date," lamented James. He froze suddenly, his eyes wide. "Er… you haven't changed your mind, have you? Would make things a whole lot more awkward…"Lily laughed and squeezed his hand. "No, I haven't changed my mind."James let out another sigh. "That's a relief."James leaned back in his pillows, watching the sun set and the sky darken. Madam Pomfrey bustled about in her office, humming absently. James found himself tapping along to her tune."What is this, by the way?" he asked Lily, after a short pause, gesturing around at all the cards and presents that surrounded him."They're gifts, of course," she sniffed, looking slightly irritated. "From your fans," she added to his questioning look."I have fans?" James asked incredulously. "Blimey – what'd they send?"He saw Lily's face in the corner of his eye and laughed. "Honestly, Lil, don't take it the wrong way."James reached for the box closest to him – it had been sent by one Marlon Abernathy. Sharing a smile with Lily, he opened the present.He found a light-blue box of black cookies. He didn't recognize the name of the brand, and he glanced quizzically up at Lily."They're Oreos," explained Lily, taking the box from his hands and ripping it open, "They're these sort of chocolate cookies with cream in them. Try one, they're really good."James took one from the box and nibbled it. It tasted pretty nice; he'd never had anything quite like this before. In no time the box of Oreos had been emptied by the both of them.James kept opening his presents – some of them were cards that Lily read aloud to him, sniggering – others were boxes of Valentine's Day chocolates ("It's not even Valentine's Day, they should try harder," he'd complained) that he was too afraid to open: he feared that they'd been injected with love potion.Finally, he came to the one labelled From the Marauders, with love. Looking at it suspiciously, he glanced at Lily, who sighed, and unwrapped the box with her wand.It was one of those photo boxes that James had seen his mother use to stash her precious photographs. James opened it cautiously and found a single square image.It was the picture that Remus had taken that morning before the Quidditch match. As he watched, Lily pulled him by his robes and kissed him; he saw his face change from confusion to alarm, and then to shock – before finally it set to an expression of blissful relaxation and he deepened the kiss.James and Lily smiled and closed the photo box.Finally got around to writing Jily. Read and Review, and I hope you enjoy the chapter!

A word to clarify everyone: I uploaded the wrong file by mistake, and just realized a few hours ago. I was very sleepy, and wasn't meant to update at all, but for some reason a part of me thought it was a good idea to stay up at night and click things withouth thinking. I'm very sorry, thank you to one of the reviews that pointed it out, chapter 10 is longer than the previous version and I'm somewhat satisfied by it now. Chapter 11 is still being written; I haven't finished it yet but I will soon. Again, I'm very sorry to everyone who was bothered by this.Chapter Nine: HogsmeadeNews that James Potter was going out with Lily Evans seemed to interest a great many people at Hogwarts. He did nothing to quell the rumours – they were, after all, true – but he didn't exactly advertise it either, something that Lily seemed to appreciate.James left the Hospital Wing after a single night, which was a new record, he mused to himself. Lily and Sirius escorted him down to breakfast, filling him in on what he'd missed at the usual afterparty (Remus had gotten himself so drunk he'd tried to kiss McGonagall after she'd told them off)."And what'd McGonagall say?" asked James, trying not to laugh as the image formed in his mind."Oh, you know," smirked Lily, "Something along the lines of Mr Lupin get a hold of yourself this instant or I will be giving you a detention.""She's lying, mate," whispered Sirius loudly as they turned into a first-floor corridor. "McGonagall sort of screamed at him. Moony hasn't looked the same since."They entered the Great Hall's double doors and sat themselves down at the Gryffindor table. Peter was comforting Remus, who was looking sulky and depressed (well, more so than usual, conceded James) as he stabbed his pancakes with surprising vindictiveness. James thought he saw McGonagall flash his friend a warning look when she strode past them, and he bit his tongue to keep from laughing as Remus hid behind his pile of food. All that day he seemed to be avoiding McGonagall's eye, and still looked quite embarrassed by that evening when the 7th-year Gryffindors sat by the fire in the Gryffindor common room, working on their Defence Against the Dark Arts essay. They were still on dragons, even though it was early November.The next ten minutes were filled by Lily's voice as she read her essay aloud to them, by which time James was starting to feel quite sleepy. His hand ached from writing so much and he had to ask Lily to repeat a few times."What was that, Lils?"Lily glared at him. "As I've said for the third time now, James, dragon chicks usually start to breathe fire at the age of six months…"And so the night went on. After they were finished with their dragon essays, Lily insisted they work on their Animation Charms, to which most of their little group groaned. She gave them all the evil eye, and James, resigned, took out his wand.A weeping table, a shivering window and a carpet that danced the Salsa later, James and Remus left the common room to patrol the school."I'm not entirely sure this will work, Pads," murmured Remus on Wednesday night, eyeing his fellow Marauder uneasily."Nonsense, Moony, of course this'll work," said Sirius impatiently, scanning the Marauder's Map.They stood just out of sight of the Slytherin common room, hiding under James's Invisibility Cloak, waiting for Avery to come walking by them. According to the Map, he was alone in Slughorn's office, and, in Sirius's opinion, very, very vulnerable. He wished Wormtail were there with them, but he was sleeping soundly in the dormitory, and Sirius wasn't one to wake people up."Remind me again what James said about this?" asked Remus.Sirius waved a hand idly. "He didn't say anything. I didn't tell him."Remus glared at him. "Padfoot, you take his Invisibility Cloak without his permission, and now you're telling me he doesn't know about this?""As far as I'm concerned, it's our Invisibility Cloak now," said Sirius."That's not the point!"Sirius glanced back at his friend, exasperated. "Moony, Avery's in detention for attempted murder. The murderee also happens to be James, in case you've forgotten…""I haven't forgotten," said Remus crossly. "I just think that fighting violence with violence isn't the best way to resolve this."He rolled his eyes. "Well, you can go back to the dormitory, then. I'm doing this – with or without your help."Remus glared at him some more. "Padfoot, I hate to do this, but I'm going to –""Take points?" said Sirius, smirking. "Put me in detention? I've heard it all before, Moony. I don't care. Now shut up, Avery's exiting Slughorn's office…"He grabbed Remus by the hand and pulled him forwards; they crossed the hallway and hid behind a broom cupboard. If he strained his ears hard enough, he could just make out Avery's loud footsteps.He appeared right then, hurrying out of the corridor. Sirius whispered, "Mischief managed!" and the Map became blank; he stuffed it inside his robes and turned to Remus."Are you doing this or not?"Remus sighed resignedly and pulled out a box of Dungbombs. "James is going to kill us.""Nevermind James, McGonagall will have both of our heads…"They crept through the dark stone floors of the dungeon, under the cover of the Invisibility Cloak. Right as Avery rounded the corner, Sirius struck; lobbing Remus's Dungbombs straight at Avery's exposed back.The smell was something in between the world's largest supply of Stinksap and Severus Snape's greasy hair in the morning; it was nothing strange to Sirius, but all the same, he didn't enjoy it in the slightest. Avery yelped, turning around quickly and clawing at his robes, but before his voice could rise to a scream, Remus shot a silent "Silencio!" at him.Avery opened his mouth and closed it repeatedly, looking very much like a fish out of water. His wild movements, coupled by the smell of Dungbombs, caused him to trip over his robes and crash to the ground. Sirius and Remus took off the Invisibility Cloak, grim smiles on their faces, towering over Avery."I'd say a tribute to Prongs is fitting, don't you think?" said Sirius, already knowing what spell to curse him with."I still don't agree with violence," said Remus.Together, they pointed their wands at the cowering Slytherin, and exclaimed, "Anteoculatia!"Avery's eyes widened as his head became suddenly heavy; two pairs of antlers sprouted right above his ears, growing quickly as he uttered silent screams. They lengthened and widened, eventually outgrowing even those of Prongs's, and he lay on the ground, unable to move his head."How do you feel now, Moony?" asked Sirius."A bit better," admitted Remus, his wand still pointed at Avery. "I think if we stuck around a little longer, I'd be feeling golden… for the purpose of revenge, of course…""Spoken like a true Marauder," said Sirius, and he grinned broadly as both boys turned their full attention to Avery, who now resembled an overgrown faun."Did you lot have anything to do with the fact that Avery's in the hospital wing?" asked James at breakfast the next morning, eyeing the Marauders suspiciously. "Madam Pomfrey says he looks, and I quote, nothing less than a slimy, oozing gigantic slug with two pairs of overgrown antlers."Sirius shrugged easily, which further confirmed James's suspicions. "Who knows? He can't remember what happened, at least that's what I heard from the Slytherins…"Lily glared at him. "Sirius, you know that Memory Charms are forbidden. I'm going to have to take points –""Don't bother," interrupted Remus, not quite meeting her eyes. "There's no way of proving that it was us – I mean," he added hastily, as Lily scowled dangerously at him, "that it was Sirius."James watched his friends amusedly, trying not to laugh as the image of a stag-slug hybrid formed in his mind. "You're right, Moony, there isn't. In fact, I'd like to thank the people that did this – I mean, they've done us all a huge favour. I think a round of Firewhisky is in order… if, hypothetically, we find them, of course…""James!" admonished Lily, as Remus and Sirius laughed. "Don't tell me that you're going to let them get away with this!""Personally, love, I don't see the problem," said James, shooting her a smile. "I mean, he did bash my head in with a Beater's club.""But –"James silenced her with a kiss. Lily, surprised, tried to look cross, but when he pulled away she appeared quite flustered."Fine," said Lily resignedly, turning to her morning cereal. "I guess, due to the special circumstances, I'll let this slip…""There we go," said James proudly.On Friday morning, the Gryffindors found a surprise waiting for them pinned to the noticeboards: tomorrow on Saturday would be a Hogsmeade weekend."Finally," said Sirius as he read the notice from over Peter's head, "I thought they'd forgotten, we usually get them much earlier…"The rest of the day passed quickly. James and Sirius exploded their cauldron during that morning's potion's lesson, causing Professor Slughorn to take 10 points off of Gryffindor. They more than made up for it by receiving full marks on their Transfiguration quiz after, finding it ridiculously easy, though James kept that information to himself.Lily, meanwhile, was improving drastically in the subject, now that James had taken to tutoring her nearly nightly. She had, however, in a move James thought rather unfair, firmly insisted on separating their personal relationship from their school and work relationships, saying that it would get in the way and overcomplicate everything."Just get on with it, James," she said impatiently that evening after dinner, "I still don't understand this bit, or so help me…""Things would be going a lot faster if you'd just start calling me Professor, like I asked you to," said James vaguely.Lily responded by smacking him with her textbook.By the time they were finished, however, they did not go to bed, though he desperately wanted to, but opened their books and began working on their Herbology essays. Rather than leave it for the weekend, they'd decided on finishing it all together. The ridiculous amount of work that they were tasked with had finally caught up to them, and though he knew that it was partially his fault for holding them back during their long tutoring sessions, Lily didn't hold it against him. They then dashed off answers to Hedith's questions on Lethifolds, put together an explanation as to why even numbers were considered horrible luck in their Arithmancy paper, and finally threw down their quills, exhausted."I'm going to bed," yawned Lily. "Come on then, we need to sleep…""Can't," said James, rubbing his eyes. "I've still got an essay for Binns that I haven't turned in.""All right," she murmured. "Don't stay up too late, James…"She kissed him on the cheek and left for her room. James smiled to himself and extricated a crumpled roll of parchment from his bag.Merlin, this was turning out to be much more than what he bargained for. He'd thought that he'd be able to balance his life between being Quidditch Captain and Head Boy, but now – he realized that no sane person would be able to do that. Maybe he should leave it for tomorrow. It was the weekend, after all, but he didn't want to ruin a perfectly good day after being out at Hogsmeade. Relaxation had become a foreign concept to him.Time passed slowly as he looked over his essay. His head began to ache, though he wasn't sure if it was because of the lack of sleep or because Binns had set them a ridiculously hard topic. James listened to the crackling sound of the dying embers in the fireplace for a while. It reminded him of his bed, waiting longingly for him…He shook his head, realizing that he'd zoned out. At last, he began to write his essay.He was finding it very difficult to write about 'a detailed description on the history of dragon-sighting, and how it connects to the goblin rebellions of the fifteenth century', and the textbook Binns had recommended to him was of no help at all. Soon his hand was sore, though he hadn't written much. He looked up now and again to stare out the window; it had begun snowing that morning, something that he was not looking forward to braving at Hogsmeade. Everything seemed to get louder at that instant: his own heartbeat, beating rhythmically with the sound of the crackling fireplace; the wind blowing against the tower, making it sound as though the Bloody Baron was moaning outside…He shook his head again.… Vulhook the Vicious tried to convince his goblin tribe, Slordict, to take action against the dragons that were rampaging their land, but the chieftain was too afraid, because that would incite a war with the Wizarding community due to his standing –The fireplace finally darkened, and James had to light it with his wand. The common room was feeling unusually cold. He gazed at his textbook, trying to find what the chieftain's stupid standing with the Ministry was. He'd just read over it; why was finding it so difficult now?James closed his eyes. Perhaps Lily was right, and he needed to sleep. He wasn't doing himself any favours staying up like this…No, he thought. Just get this finished, then you'll go to sleep.He opened his eyes and scanned through the book once more; at last, he found it. The Chieftain, Valerook, had offended humans by seizing their land and claiming it as the goblins'; in doing so, he'd released the dragons, who protected the humans…James wrote a couple of lines about the goblin's land, trying to stretch out the words so that he would reach the expected length. He read over what he'd written, and in his mind he saw Lily laughing; it was dreadful.He closed his eyes again, trying to envision himself as Vulhook the Vicious convincing his chieftain to fight… he remembered something about how mermaids had come to help him…The clock to his right said that it was nearing one in the morning, he really should get to sleep…One, he thought, slowly swaying on the spot. Only one mermaid had come to help him…The background sounds were starting to fade. Even the wind had slowed to a slight breeze. He closed his eyes, giving up on his textbook as all around him the noises that had kept him awake slowly turned into one, clinking sound…He was standing on the black floor of a well-furnished manor house, its silver chandeliers swinging and clinking purposely overhead, covering the room in dim, flickering light… murky, black-hooded shapes moved about, forming a sort of circle surrounding him and one other thing. He had a body, transparent and luminescent, and he moved freely, but the shapes took no notice; he was invisible to them. He looked to his side and found a… a statue? James couldn't tell. It lay motionless and kneeling on the ground, as if it was bowing to something or someone…"They are here, my Lord," said one of the figures, her voice harsh and feminine. "Those that I spoke of to you… I have brought them to see…""Very good," said another voice in front of him, this one high and cold. "They shall witness… and they shall decide…"James froze. He didn't know why, but the second voice sounded… he couldn't put the right words.Then, the statue in the middle screamed; with a jolt that nearly woke him up, he realized that it was not a statue, but a man – a wave of emotion passed over him, and through his dream James winced; it was as though he could feel the pain the screaming man was going through…"No more, please no more…"The second voice laughed. It was cold and emotionless; without mirth. It was a laugh of pure malice, and James knew somehow that it had been practiced and perfected, as though the speaker didn't understand human emotion, and was only mimicking…He bent down to help the man, but his hands passed right through. He glanced down at his feet and found that he was floating. There was nothing he could do but watch…No more, thought James desperately. Please wake me… Lily or Sirius or anybody… "How long, Theodore?" hissed the cold voice. "How long will your filthy blood endure the magic of Lord Voldemort?""Kill me, please just kill me…""Eventually, I shall," said the voice of Lord Voldemort. "Before death takes you, however, I have plans for you… you, Theodore, shall be the beacon that shines in the darkness of the wizarding world."The figures surrounding them nodded and murmured excitedly. The man in the middle raised his head. His face was bloody and gaunt, and through his curtain of silver hair, James could see his bright green eyes were wet with tears, looking like broken glass…Voldemort stepped forwards and lowered his wand. The man screamed and screamed, and the dream faded –The blazing white common room stung and watered his eyes as he opened them quickly. He gave a slight yelp and jumped on the couch; he hit his knee on the table and cursed.His heart was beating a million times a second. That dream… he had just witnessed Voldemort torture and possibly kill a man…In the dream, a voice had said that they had 'brought him', whatever that meant. The fact that he had been there was not random. He had been chosen.He massaged his temples, trying to make sense of what he had just seen. He was being targeted; of that much, he was at least certain. The reason why, he had no idea…"James?"A voice, warm and gentle, made him jump again. He glanced up, towards the stairs that led to the Heads' dorms, and found a blurry redhead leaning against the railing, wearing pyjamas and slippers.He let out a sigh of relief. "Lily. What's wrong?"She made her way down the stairs, looking ever-more angelic as she neared him. His glasses had slipped off; he felt around the sofa and put them on."I was going to ask you the same thing," murmured Lily, sitting down next to him. "Is everything all right? I heard noises.""It was nothing," James assured her, "What time is it, anyway?""It's three in the morning, but don't change the subject." She narrowed her eyes at him. "What's going on?""I told you, it's nothing," said James again. "Just a nightmare, that's all.""A nightmare?" asked Lily, her voice curious, "Do you want to talk about it?"She took his hand in hers hesitantly. Lately, that had been a sign of reassurance for them both; the feel of her warm palms relaxed him somewhat, and he felt some of the weight in his chest ease…He looked at her for a moment, trying to decide whether or not to convey his thoughts to her. He recalled seeing Voldemort and some of his followers. He knew that was important, but the memory of the dream was already murky…James looked at her again. He didn't want to worry her. After all, they were just dreams, and not visions or anything…"No, not really," he decided. "Maybe later, Lils.""James, you know you can tell me," said Lily gently.He clasped her palm with both of his hands, trying to convey to her that he was all right. "I know. I just don't want you worrying."Or maybe I don't want myself worrying.She arched an eyebrow. "You wake up from a nightmare looking as though you took a dip in the black lake, and you tell me not to worry?"For a moment, he had no idea what she was talking about, but then he looked down at his clothes; he had taken off his robes earlier, leaving him clad in just a plain white t-shirt. He hadn't noticed it before, but he was caked in sweat."Good point." James laughed shakily, trying to push the embarrassment out of his mind. "Look, let's just enjoy ourselves today. We're going to Hogsmeade, aren't we?"Lily let go of his hand and eyed him stonily. "James Potter, if something's bothering you, I want you to tell me. A relationship is built on trust. We won't be getting anywhere if we keep secrets from each other."And James felt an immense pang of guilt at those words. His life flashed before his eyes; what if Lily, once he'd gotten around to telling her… what if she didn't take to his Animagus form well? What if she didn't take to any of his secrets well?Well, he thought, silence and secrecy are old friends of mine…But James tried for a smile. "I know, Lily. I just need some time to process this by myself, all right?"Lily nodded in a final sort of way. "Just tell me. I want to know. Maybe I can help.""I will," promised James. They both stood up.Lily looked him up and down, perhaps noticing how baggy his eyes were and how his hair was messier than usual. He certainly felt like it was."Now go to sleep, or I'll be forced to stay in the castle with you and miss out on Hogsmeade.""You'd do that for me?" teased James.Lily stood on her toes and kissed him. "Maybe. I'll see you later, after you've gotten a good night's sleep. Good morning, James."She guided him to his room and left him there. James smiled briefly to himself before his thoughts strayed back to his dream. The sound of Voldemort's voice was already fading…He got down to breakfast with Lily after a less-than-stellar night's sleep, wearing his usual winter clothes, as well as a black cloak fastened around his shoulders and a red-and-gold Gryffindor scarf wrapped around his neck. He sat down next to Peter, who was doing that morning's edition of the Daily Prophet's crossword."James, who's the unkillable giant?" asked Peter as soon as he finished grabbing his toast.James started. "I'm sorry, what was that, Wormy?""The unkillable giant," inquired Peter, gesturing at his crossword. James squinted at it."Er, I dunno, Pete," admitted James. "I've never been good at history. Maybe Alcyoneus?"Peter bent down to write the word. "Alcyoneus. That'll be A-L-S-Y –""A-L-C-Y," corrected James. "You know, that bloke with the club.""Hey, that fits!" Peter scribbled the letters. "Thanks, Prongs.""No problem," said James. He spent the rest of breakfast helping Peter with the crossword, which they finished in record time, and when the clock struck ten o'clock the students in the Great Hall all got up and shuffled towards the oak front doors.Filch was standing there as usual, checking off the names of people who had permission to go into Hogsmeade. When he reached James and the rest of the Gryffindors, he gave them all a nasty look and reluctantly let them pass.The walk into Hogsmeade was cold and uncomfortable. James pulled his cloak tighter around his body, trying to keep himself warm. He cursed himself silently as they followed the path; he'd forgotten to wear gloves, and now he was paying the price. It got better once he reached the village; the place was bustling with so many students that the cold was slightly more bearable.His mind strayed to thoughts about his earlier nightmare as he was pulled by Lily through the crowd. He could barely recall anything about it now, just that Voldemort had been there. That cold, high voice terrified him. James had heard it say something to the man… something about shining a light?Lily pulled him into Honeydukes, where they found the place crowded as usual. James let out a sigh of relief as the warm, toffee-scented air enveloped him. His hands no longer felt as though they were about to fall off.While Lily and Alice busied themselves with Sugar Quills and Drinkable Ink, James and the rest of the group went further back into the store, where the real sweets were. He treated himself to a pound of Honeydukes' Best. He decided to send his dad a whole jar of Cockroach Clusters as a joke, to which Sirius laughed in agreement. His eyes landed on a particular brand of treacle fudge that Lily had once said she liked during one of their patrols.Soon, they all trudged up High Street, carrying bulging bags of candy and chocolate. They hurried into Zonko's, with James pulling a reluctant Lily behind him; he renewed his supply of Dungbombs and fireworks."Shall we go to Three Broomsticks, then?" asked Alice. "I'm meeting someone there.""Who?" asked Peter curiously.Alice only smiled. "You'll see."They bundled their scarves back over their faces and James stuffed his hands into his pockets. Zonko's was like dragon-breath compared to the temperature outside. The weather was getting worse and worse, and the falling sleet didn't seem to be stopping any time soon. The street was still crowded, though less so, now that some of the students had admitted defeat against the cold. James and the others staggered into the Three Broomsticks.It was not as crowded as James usually remembered. There were few students, which he found quite odd. There were queer people about; many wore robes that hooded and disguised them. Off to the corner, he saw a witch sit up straighter as the door jingled; she was wearing a cloak that appeared to be many sizes too big for her. He had no time to think on that, though; Alice immediately made a beeline for one of the tables, where a lone figure was sat sipping a bottle of Butterbeer."Frank!"The man started and squinted in their direction. When he spotted Alice, a huge smile appeared on his face and he jumped up to hug her. James and the others moved through the crowd to get to the couple."Longbottom," said James once they'd reached them, extending his hand."Potter," said Frank, smiling good-naturedly, and he shook his hand. "I hear you're taking after me. Head Boy! Decided to settle down in your old age, eh?""Fat chance," laughed James, pulling up a chair for Lily. They all sat down at the table and Madam Rosmerta hurried over to take their orders. Sirius immediately started to talk to her, and Marlene rolled her eyes."So, how've you been, Frank?" asked James. He set his bags down near his feet."Oh you know," said Frank airily, "What with Auror training and all that, I haven't had much free time. Still managed to convince Mad-Eye to give me a few days off, though.""Mad-Eye Moody?" asked Remus interestedly. "He's your boss?""Yep," said Frank, popping the 'p'. "Complete nutter, I tell you. Doubt he could settle down like you, James."Alice leaned over and whispered something in Frank's ear. His face immediately lit up in surprise, and he turned back to him and Lily."You two are going out?""Frank!" admonished Alice, hitting his shoulder lightly. "I didn't tell you so that you could bombard them with questions!""Yes, but even so…" Frank smiled proudly at James. "Potter, I must congratulate you. Never thought I'd see the day.""Thanks," muttered James, and he leaned back and snaked an arm around Lily. "Honestly, neither did I.""It was bound to happen eventually," said Lily teasingly. She leaned her head on his shoulder.At that moment, Madam Rosmerta and Sirius returned to their table, carrying a handful of Butterbeers. James accepted his with a wink from Rosmerta, who eyed him and Lily knowingly."Well, here's to Gryffindor," said Frank lazily, holding up his second bottle. "And to James and Lily, I suppose.""Hear, hear!" said the table, clinking their bottles together.The atmosphere was light and cheerful; everybody was happy to see Frank again. He'd aided the Marauders a number of times in their ways of pranking and mischief-making, and he didn't stop even when he was made Head Boy. He announced proudly that James was indeed taking after him, and called another round of drinks once they'd emptied their bottles.James drowned out the others and snuggled up to Lily, fully appreciating the fact that she was here with him, as his date and girlfriend. Here they were, enjoying Butterbeer with a couple of old friends, and they had eyes for only each other…So why did he get the feeling that something was going to go horribly wrong?His thoughts drifted off to his nightmare. The memory was dim and he couldn't remember what Voldemort sounded like, much less what he had been talking about. He tried to shake the feeling off; he shouldn't be feeling like this, he should be enjoying himself…"What's on your mind?" asked Lily, her face morphing into a worried expression as she looked up at him.Despite his thoughts, he smiled exasperatedly. "How do you do that? You always know when something's bothering me."Lily found his hand and squeezed it. "Your face scrunches up and you get this cute look. And also, because I know you."James wanted to say, and you like me anyway?Instead, he answered her. "Just thinking about this morning, before you woke me up…""Is it the nightmare?" asked Lily, her voice laced with alarm, and she sat up. "James, you're telling me now. If something's bothering you –""It's fine," James cut her off. "I'm just getting this weird feeling…""Go on," urged Lily."Like something's going to happen," said James slowly. "Something dangerous.""Dangerous?" asked Lily incredulously. "It can't be – him?"James wondered how she'd come to that conclusion so quickly. "Maybe. I don't know. Then again, perhaps it's nothing, and I'm just worrying for naught…""You think we should go back to school?" asked Lily, drumming her fingers along his hand nervously. "If you've got a feeling – we could shut the place down, tell everybody to go back.""I –""Guys." Alice cut him off swiftly, a little smile spread across her lips. "I hate to burst you out of your little world, but Frank needs you two to be quiet. He's going to take a call.""Sure," said Lily, grinning sheepishly. "Sorry, Frank.""Don't worry about it," said Frank, winking at James. "This'll just take a moment…"He took a small black piece of metal from under his coat and put it up to his ear. "Mad-Eye? It's Frank."James watched him, holding his breath as Frank blanched."Are – are you sure?" said Frank. The rest of the table was very quiet, and the atmosphere in the Three Broomsticks seemed to mimic them.A tiny voice spoke from the black piece of metal. Frank's face fell. James closed his eyes, gripping Lily's hand for reassurance."I – yes, of course I will," said Frank, his tone now serious and his expression hard. "Of course. I'll try to get everyone to safety."He folded his instrument and stuffed it back in his coat. He stared around the table, his jaw set and looking older than he was."Well?" said James, breaking the silence.His stomach dropped as Frank looked at him, his eyes uncharacteristically harsh. "Mad-Eye's received intel from one of his spies. You-Know-Who's coming here, to Hogsmeade."It was as though a bomb had been dropped in the middle of the pub. Everyone had heard them, and now they were staring fearfully at each other, unable to say anything. And then, from the corner of the room, a harsh and feminine voice spoke."Very good, Longbottom." Her cloak fell away, revealing a pale, beautiful face with eyes that suggested she was insane. "The Dark Lord is, indeed, coming."

Chapter Ten: The Beacon is LitThe two parties regarded each other coldly. No one in the pub moved a muscle. Even Rosmerta, who had been busy wiping her glasses, had stopped to stare at them.Then Sirius inhaled sharply. "Bellatrix."The woman turned to look at him. She might have smiled, but to Lily it looked more like a leer."Hello, little cousin," said the woman, inclining her head. James's grip on her hand went slack. "I hear Aunt Walburga blasted you off of the family tree. Is that true?"Sirius snarled. "Whereas I hear you've been torturing Muggles whenever you're not brooding with Rodolphus."Bellatrix shrugged easily. "I won't deny it. I've been busy keeping the wizarding world pure." She broke from his gaze and surveyed the rest of their group, an ugly smile pasting itself on her thin lips. "Something, dear cousin, that you haven't been doing, I'm afraid. The company you keep these days… First, blood traitors, and now you've sunk so low as to befriend Mudbloods."She spat the word so easily it almost hurt to hear. Lily flinched; something she'd been accustomed to doing whenever she heard the word. Sirius surged forwards, a furious look on his face, but Frank stepped in between them before he could get any closer."ENOUGH!" roared Frank, pointing his wand at Bellatrix. "Bellatrix Black, you're under arrest for crimes against humanity. Turn around slowly, and raise your wand above your head."Bellatrix's smile widened.She raised her wand, high above her head, and then flicked it downwards so quickly Lily could barely see it; quite a few people in the pub screamed and backed away, scramming towards the door. A jet of red light streaked from her wand towards Frank –Alice whipped her wand in front of him and deflected the curse, sending it bouncing around the pub. It set fire to various spots, and soon the wooden walls of the Three Broomsticks were alight with flame…"Oh no you don't!" screeched Rosmerta angrily from behind her bar, and she took out her wand, a livid look on her face, "Take this outside!"But neither Bellatrix nor Frank heard her; they furiously shot spells at each other, lifting tables and chairs to hide behind. All around them, people screamed, scramming towards the door; flashes of bright light filled the small pub, blinding Lily. Even as she rushed forwards to help, Bellatrix arced her wand across her head like she was cracking a whip, and from it emanated a force so powerful that the windows shattered and they all flew back, slamming into the walls.Lily's eyes fluttered open, trying to ignore the blinking stars, but Bellatrix had turned and vanished in a puff of black smoke. Cracks were heard all around her, outside; she wasn't sure if it was the pub breaking down or something else…"Where's she gone?" snarled Sirius, staggering up to his feet. His nose was bloody and there were a few cuts on his arms from where the glass had sliced him."She flew off," murmured James, sitting against the wall and massaging his temples.Lily only half-heard what they were talking about; she strained her ears to listen to what was going on outside. Dark figures moved about, more cracks were sounding, and with a sudden feeling of dread, she realized what the others had not: they were being surrounded."Stay quiet!" she hissed, and the others immediately heeded her. "There are people outside, I think they're Death Eaters…"Frank crouched up, dusting his robes. He looked relatively unscathed, but there was a nasty-looking bruise on his wrist. "The Aurors aren't coming any time soon. We're all that's left to defend.""We can do this," said Peter determinedly. "I bet they think Bellatrix knocked us out. If we can surprise them…"He trailed off, but the others understood. Lily scanned her surroundings; the pub was destroyed, and she had no idea if the people had made it out… with a pang, she realized that that was her responsibility as Head Girl, to keep everyone else safe."Don't go inside," said a muffled voice from just outside the wall, deep and drawling. "We destroy the building, nothing else."Her friends made alarmed moves; they were gearing up to protect the pub, and Lily squared her shoulders as she readied her wand."We've got to attack first," she said, "It's like Peter said, they still don't know about us –""Are you mad?" said Sirius incredulously. "They'll kill us on the spot if we so much as peek our heads!""What choice have we got?" snapped Lily. "Either way, we're still going to be fighting Death Eaters.""They outnumber us," said James, glaring at Sirius. "If we don't strike first –""On three," said the drawling voice. "One –""Send them anything!" hissed Lily. "Brace yourselves –""– two –""It's no use," said Sirius bitterly. "All right –"In the space between the seconds, Lily saw her friends press their shoulders against the wall, their wands pointed straight up, determined looks on their faces."– three –""NOW!" bellowed Lily.Before any spells could come their way, Lily and the others crowded around the broken windows, and eight different voices bellowed,"STUPEFY!" Eight curses streaked off from their wands at the nearest Death Eaters; some ricocheted off their bodies and took down more than one, and the Death Eaters, momentarily surprised, shouted unintelligibly –"OUT!" roared Frank, gesturing towards the door. "WE NEED TO GET OUT!"They sprinted out the door, casting random curses in all directions; the Death Eaters instantly surged towards them, their masked faces staring menacingly; Lily felt James grab her robes and drag her forwards. Spells of different colours bounced harmlessly around them, and she realized that Sirius and Remus had their wands raised above their heads, casting a variety of shield charms –They crossed the street; heading for a line of shops. The village was weirdly deserted, but then Lily saw figures peeking through the windows; at least the civilians had had the sense to hide. They were nearing Zonko's, if they could get behind the building they'd at least have some cover from the Death Eaters behind them –"CONFRINGO!" roared a voice behind them.With a gasp of horror, Lily turned her head; she saw a fiery curse make its way through the air towards them; it made contact with the shield and instantly fire engulfed them, blasting their protective enchantments to smithereens –A hand pulled her out of the way before the curse could harm her; James pushed her forwards, waving his wand in a sweeping motion, extinguishing the flames that came at them. They'd been separated from the main group, it was just her and James now, and she seized a fistful of his robes and dragged him with her before he could engage –Spells shot at them, but Lily ducked and they cratered the buildings in front of her; they were behind Zonko's, but there was no time to regroup and form a plan with her friends; they rushed towards an alleyway, finding the way ahead clear and she saw Remus and Peter sprint past them; something heavy struck her on her legs, but she merely kicked and ignored it; she heard James shout, "Impedimenta!" and there was a yelp behind her, and someone shouted –They had entered the alley with another Death Eater, and Lily made quick work of him, disarming him and then slamming him to the wall; she waved her wand wildly over the two buildings towering over them, and the entrance to the alley closed suddenly as the bricks formed a sort of barrier, blocking the rest of the Death Eaters out; she and James rushed forwards, she could see flickering light at the end of the alleyway as sleet fell hard from the sky –They ducked past more curses as the barrier behind them gave way; they rounded a corner just before the spells could hit them, and they ran, their hands clasped so tightly it was starting to hurt; the houses and shops were a blur as they streaked past, sending spells and curses behind them; she didn't see her spells hit the Death Eaters, but the grunts and shouts told her more than enough –She and James hadn't looked where they were going; she slammed into a body and they both toppled to the ground. In an instant, they were up, their wands pointed forwards –"Prongs?" said Sirius incredulously. "And Lily! Thank Merlin!"Lily lowered her wand shakily, a relieved smile finding its way on to her lips. "Where are the others?""We thought they were with you!" said Marlene anxiously. "After that curse hit us, we went off on our own, we didn't see anyone else…"Lily glanced behind her. For the moment, they were all clear, but if she remembered correctly, there had been a dozen Death Eaters waiting for them outside the pub. Hogsmeade was crawling with them, and if she didn't think of something fast, they were doomed."We need to stick together," said Lily, not wanting to think of what might have happened to their friends. "Find the others fast, and then get out of the village.""That simple, huh?" said Sirius weakly.They all laughed, breaking the solemn mood; it felt good, watching her best friends be happy and confident in moments like these…Suddenly, a voice from off to their side bellowed, "OVER HERE! I heard voices!"Without a word, all four of them snuck past, darting along before the Death Eaters could see them. They ran as quickly as they could, passing more shops and houses along the way; she caught glimpses of people peeking through their windows, but she ignored them, she ran past them, following James and Sirius as they entered a forest –"Where are we going?" panted Sirius.Lily and Marlene grinded to a halt. "We were following you!"Sirius cursed. Lily didn't recognize the place they were in; obviously, they were still on Hogsmeade grounds, but she didn't recall ever going through these thickets of wood. Trees surrounded them, blocking the setting sun. Snow fell hard and cold on her eyes, but it masked any sound that they might have made."The Shrieking Shack isn't far off," said James suddenly. "We could use the high ground, try to see what's happening.""It's better than nothing," said Marlene heavily. Distant shouts echoed behind them and she glanced back. "We should go now, we don't want to stay in one place for too long…"The four of them waded through the woods quickly, trying not to make a sound. No birds chirped overhead, making Lily feel lonely and small. She doubted whether anything lived here, in this depressing grove.Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, they reached the edge of the forest, where the Shrieking Shack stood high on a snowy hill, looking even more unwelcome. Lily shuddered; she remembered suddenly that this was the place Remus went to whenever he transformed."We need to get a message to Dumbledore," breathed James. "There's a chance they don't even know what's happening here.""And how do we do that?" said Marlene, rolling her eyes. "Unless you can conjure an owl –"But they had been careless, somehow, they had been found; bright curses of many colors shot through the trees towards them. Lily whipped her wand out and held it steady, casting a shield; it shook and cracked, and she nearly let it go –"And here we was thinking that we's lost you forever," said a wheezy voice, its source emerging from the forest. Many others followed him. "A group of four make large footprints, eh?"Lily cursed silently; she'd been stupid enough to think that the falling snow would cover their tracks. What looked like half a dozen Death Eaters stepped out to surround them. She felt James and the others close in, their backs to each other, facing different directions."Throw down your wands," said another, drawling voice; Lily recognized him as the one who had spoken earlier outside the Three Broomsticks. "The Dark Lord wishes to speak to you. He believes that you are worthy of joining our cause –""Yeah, that's exactly why you tried to kill us earlier," snarled James beside her. "You and your Dark Lord can shove off."Lily saw the Death Eater turn his head to regard him. "You are in no position to refuse, Potter. You are outnumbered, and if you don't agree with our offer –" the Death Eater twirled his wand carelessly, "well, I'm afraid even the Dark Lord will understand…"She saw no way out of this; the Death Eaters had their wands pointed at them, there was no escaping. Even if they did manage to beat them in a frontal duel, there were still six other Death Eaters to worry about, not to mention Bellatrix Black and Voldemort."Just hold on…" muttered James, so quietly Lily almost didn't hear him. "We'll think of something…"Then, multiple voices from the forest cried, "STUPEFY!"The Death Eater in front of her fell face first to the ground. More spells shot out of the trees, finding the Death Eaters as they suddenly turned, startled – four figures stepped out from the forest, their wands a blur of of colour and movement as they cursed and hexed and jinxed at whatever moved –Lily wasted no time. She whipped her wand high above her head, suddenly energetic; she shot spell after spell, and the Death Eaters, in their panic and disorder, tried to fight back –But it was now six against eight, and the Death Eaters were backing away; Lily surged forwards, her friends behind her, her thoughts empty but for the notion of turning the Death Eaters into one gigantic pile of Erumpent dung –Then they vanished in a wisp of smoke, flying high above the trees. Sirius bellowed angrily, "COWARDS!", a cry that was repeated by many of her friends as they shot whatever spells they could think of, but they all missed and disappeared in the sky.There was no time to relax. Even as Lily watched her friends lower their wands, she could feel that something was wrong, that something seemed to be watching her, closing in fast –"We have to move," said Remus, pulling James up from the ground. "The rest of them aren't far, we saw figures moving through the forest; if we stay here, we're giving them a chance to regroup."As if on cue, outraged yells sounded behind them, growing louder by the moment."I don't know about you, but twelve against eight aren't very good odds," said Frank.They sprinted towards the Shrieking Shack, climbing the hill; Lily could see the last golden rays of sunlight streaming from over a mountain, an irony that contrasted with what they were facing right now.A sudden spell blasted the side of the hill, peppering her with earth and snow; where her foot had been moments before, a crater had appeared. She glanced behind, barely seeing the dark outlines of multiple figures. Her wand shot spells at random, desperately praying that they found their marks –But suddenly a hand pulled her roughly upwards, towards the top of the hill: they had reached the Shrieking Shack at last. James and Lily darted around the building as more spells came from below, hitting the shack –"Too late!" shrieked a delighted voice, the unmistakable tone of Bellatrix Black. "Too weak, too foolish! A haunted building is nothing compared to the might of the Dark Lord!""Get inside," muttered Remus, kicking down a loose plank of wood in the wall. They all entered; Lily's heart was beating so quickly she was sure she would die…"Hiding will not save you!" bellowed another voice; she didn't recognize it. "Nobody will save you! Dumbledore is miles away, and the Dark Lord approaches ever closer!"Inside, the shack was a mess. The furniture was torn and clawed, as though an animal had rampaged around. She glanced quickly at Remus, but he was too busy muttering spells around the room to notice her."It need not be like this," came a drawling voice, "The Dark Lord wishes for you to join him; you all have a spot in our ranks –""Ignore them," said Sirius angrily, waving his wand around the walls. "Clear your minds, try to stay cool…""I say, Lucius, we just kill them!" said Bellatrix. Lily peeked out the window and found them all shuffling about, surrounding the shack like they had done in the Three Broomsticks."We hear them out first," said the drawling voice. "The Dark Lord is eager for them to join… but what is your answer?"He directed that last bit towards the Shrieking Shack, but they all remained quiet. They glanced at each other furtively, trying to think of a plan. Out of the corner of her eye, Lily thought she saw something pop into being in the corner of the room, red and long, but she couldn't make it out in the darkness. She wasn't sure if anyone else had seen it, but before she could say something, the voice spoke again."Nothing?" he said coolly. "My, my… what a stubborn group of schoolchildren."There was a BANG and the shack shook, raining dust from the ceiling that Lily shook out of her hair."Last chance," said the drawling voice. "Either you come out, and pledge your allegiance to the Dark Lord, or you die, like those unworthy of being in our world."The shack shook again, groaning and shuddering as another spell was shot at it. Lily held James's hand tightly; he looked scared out of his mind, but she thought, rather ridiculously, that he had never looked quite as handsome as he did in that moment…"We've got to attack first," hissed Alice. "Like last time –""They'll be ready for that!" snarled Marlene."What choice have we got?"Her friends pressed their backs against the walls, gearing up to fight, but Lily held back, her instincts told her wait, to not attack yet – with a helpless glance she looked at the corner of the room, but the feather lay there uselessly, unmoving…"Come on," whispered James. "Give it all you've got –""WAIT!" hissed Lily.For the feather had suddenly floated up into the air; her friends turned to look, but just as quickly as it had appeared, it vanished, covering the room in a dim, fiery glow that died quickly."So you've decided to die!" shrieked Bellatrix madly. "Go on then, Lucyyy –""Ready yourselves!" bellowed the voice of Lucius. "Destroy the shack –"Lily's friends frantically raised their wands; she saw Peter shut his eyes tightly –"Don't attack yet!" whispered Lily, though her mind was telling her she was crazy. "Something's going to happen –""WE'RE GOING TO DIE, EVANS, THAT'S WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN!" roared Sirius."– NOW!"Then many things happened at once.An explosion went off – somewhere in the vicinity of the rallying Death Eaters, and Lily heard them scream as they slammed into the walls of the shack. A blinding, jagged jet of white light streaked through the air, like lightning; it hit the ground before them, and though Lily couldn't see what it had done, it must have been effective, for suddenly all was quiet outside, and no spells came their way."To me," said a powerful voice, booming so loudly the residents of Hogsmeade must have heard it. "Death Eaters are not welcome here. To me.""Dumbledore!" cried James, looking through a broken window.Lily whipped her head round to the window, her heart in her throat. Near the padded gate that separated the Shrieking Shack from Hogsmeade, his wand held high above his head, stood Albus Dumbledore. Straining her eyes, she saw multiple figures behind him, but there was one that stood out above the rest – Professor McGonagall looked furious.Hisses were heard all around her. The roof shook, and then it elevated slightly, as though a weight had been lifted off it. The same black smoke from earlier in the forest streaked towards the sky, leaving behind a trail. Dumbledore made his way towards them, his face weary and his silver beard disheveled.The door to the Shrieking Shack burst open, and in strode the teachers, checking the room quickly. When he seemed satisfied, Dumbledore turned to Lily and the others, and spoke, "Are you all alright?""We're OK, Professor," said Alice immediately. Dumbledore nodded in a business-like manner."You will please follow Professor McGonagall to Hogsmeade," he continued, "There you will take the main route to Hogwarts –""Professor, I have another idea," interjected Remus quickly, glancing at James and then back at Dumbledore. "It would be quicker, safer, if we used the passage underneath –""Ah, but that is where I am afraid you are wrong, Mr Lupin," said Dumbledore briskly. "All passages to and from Hogwarts have been sealed with impenetrable magic – it seems the Death Eaters have taken precautions. The only path they could not block was the largest, most powerful: the main road."He turned to Professor McGonagall. "Minerva, ensure that they are brought safely to school. The road is large – and exposed. Mr Longbottom…" he directed these words towards Frank, who stiffened, "you are an Auror, and are therefore qualified as a protector. Please help Professor McGonagall.""Of course, Professor," said Frank.Dumbledore nodded again, his face grim and ancient. "I must patrol the grounds, Filius, would you –?" he turned to the short Charms teacher, who nodded earnestly, "Very well. I will be nearby, should trouble find you all. Minerva, keep your wand ready and don't let your guard down. I could be mistaken, but I could feel when Lord Voldemort was nearby…" he sighed. "Off, then."The journey back to the forest was long and cold. It had stopped snowing, something that Lily was grateful for. Dumbledore had left shortly after they had, taking Professor Flitwick and Professor Slughorn with him, looking quite terrifying as he surveyed the Hogsmeade grounds. At that moment, walking on a snowy, muddy path through the forest, she suddenly understood why Voldemort feared Dumbledore.She slipped her hand into James's. Neither of them exchanged words, nor did anyone else in their group, but it was nice, she thought, to feel the warmth of someone you liked, someone you cared about. It felt especially anchoring when she thought back to the previous events. She'd nearly died multiple times during the span of those few hours since she'd left the Three Broomsticks.Frank cleared the way ahead of them, going first with his wand raised; he would wait at spots and would continue his scouting once they'd reached up to him. Lily and James were directly behind McGonagall, and their friends formed a sort of line behind them, like a mum ducky guiding her little ducklings."How is it, Mr Longbottom?" asked McGonagall suddenly. They all stopped; Lily nearly bumped into McGonagall, but James caught her."It seems OK," came his answer.Lily stared forwards. They'd reached the village much quicker than she thought they would. Smoke billowed out of the buildings and houses, though Lily knew these were caused by fires. The village was oddly quiet; she thought she'd hear some screaming, but no one did. It seemed as though the Death Eaters had left Hogsmeade. Perhaps Dumbledore had scared them off."Quickly, now, we don't want to stay here any longer than we should," barked Professor McGonagall, and Lily marched forwards with her. Frank fell back and joined the group, taking up the spot beside James; they all kept their wands aloft and stared around.They passed through the houses, where Lily was relieved to see that people were bustling about inside, panicked looks on their faces. At least they weren't dead, though she thought that that was a horrible worst-case scenario. McGonagall led them through the same alley that Lily and James had gone through, avoiding the roads and keeping out of sight. They strode past Zonko's, which looked as though a dragon had decided to make it its dinner. She doubted that it would put them out of business – or at least cut down on production, though she couldn't help but hope. She felt slightly guilty at that.The main square was visible now. Hogwarts towered in the distance, its way clear and inviting. Glancing around, Lily saw the Three Broomsticks still looked as though a bomb had been set up inside. She felt even guiltier as she thought of poor Rosmerta, who only wanted peace and quiet. She wondered sadly how long it would take to make repairs."All right," said McGonagall, looking relieved. "I suppose we should wait for Professor Dumbledore and the others to finish patrolling, but I think you've had enough of Hogsmeade."The others nodded fervently at that. Lily looked up longingly at the towering black castle, where she knew was the only place in which she could feel relaxed after all that had happened. Once she got there, she decided, she would take a long, hot bath. She didn't care if all the water at Hogwarts ran out, all she wanted was to feel safe, preferably with James to talk to later…She looked up at him. He still looked the same as he had in the Shrieking Shack, with his set jaw and his furrowed brow and those unsure hazel eyes that conveyed his true feelings. She wondered what he was thinking about at the moment."Keep together," said McGonagall, turning to look at them. "Make sure none of you get left behind. I'm sure Professor Dumbledore will send word as we're heading back –"But she did not get to finish her words, for suddenly something large and silver swooped down from the sky. Regal and proud, the phoenix soared over their heads, staring down at them as though they were potential prey. Lily saw the others turn to look, their mouths open, and then the Patronus spoke in Albus Dumbledore's voice:"Stay where you are. He is still here."At these words, the group suddenly closed in, their backs to each other. James pulled Lily close to him; there was no way they'd get separated, and there was no way he would let Voldemort lay a spell on either of them.McGonagall forced the rest of them behind her, guarding the front; her eyes darted all around the village, where the rest of the civilians had heard: James heard the sound of slamming doors and clicking locks as they boarded themselves in their own houses. A smaller, more timid part of him suggested hiding with one of them, but his usual explosive self immediately shut down the idea. It was cowardly, and not-at-all Gryffindor-like; besides, there was no telling whether Voldemort knew their position. If they took up shelter in a person's home, Voldemort might just blast through.So what to do?He scanned his surroundings. They were fully exposed, looking very much like a bunch of sitting ducks as they grouped together in the main square, their eyes wide and fearful, but James's heart burned excitedly. He would never admit it, but the last few near-death experiences had energized him, much as Quidditch did.The clouds above darkened and rippled, as though readying for a storm. If it started raining, on top of having to step on cold snow, James would really lose it there. He glanced around him desperately, trying to think of a plan. He was Head Boy, for Merlin's sake, he should be a leader, not have other people protecting him –The sky rumbled, and then McGonagall said suddenly, "Get behind!"James hastily threw up a shield charm, and the rest of them scooted around the square, eyeing the black clouds suspiciously; in his mind's eye, he saw Voldemort's head above the clouds, leering down at them –He felt the air shift; somehow, he felt it, and then a metallic scent permeated his senses. Without glancing at McGonagall, without even thinking about it, he threw up his free arm and pushed the group back, thrusting his wand in front of him –Black lightning forked from the clouds, striking the middle of the square and raining rubble on them. Energy arced upwards, its tendrils merging together to form a single, deadly beam; it shot from the air towards the shield, which broke immediately, and James felt a sudden pain as it raced up his arm, stinging all of his particles –The pain died suddenly, and Lily and Sirius caught him before he hit the ground. His cloak gave off an odd burning smell that he registered dimly through his jumbled senses, but at least he was still conscious. His ears felt as though someone had stuck a bell in them and was hitting it continuously. Smoke emerged from where the lightning had struck, covering the square entirely and hiding the buildings and houses that surrounded them.Shapes moved in the smoke. James heard screaming all around him; there was a girly voice in his ear, repeating the same word, "JAMES! JAMES!"... but he felt the ringing grow louder, he could feel himself slip, lose focus…And before he knew it, he was staring up at the tip of a black wand, its body racing with energy. He felt someone tug his shoulders, and he blindly allowed them to guide him backwards, still looking at the wand –The smoke cleared as the black-robed figure waved and swished; alone he was, tall and menacing, with a white face and scarlet eyes. He stared around, almost with relish; relish in the fact that he had gotten past Dumbledore and the Ministry, gotten past them all –James met his eyes. He was trembling, his legs felt like pudding; he was rooted to the spot, unable to move, unwilling to let Lily drag him to safety. His vision tunneled, and all he saw was him, James, and the snakelike face that had spoken in his dreams –Voldemort whipped his wand, green light flashing all around him, and then his mouth moved."Avada Kedavra."The spell flew towards him slowly, as though time had decelerated. His mind registered what was happening, but his body, still trapped in whatever spell had been cast on it, couldn't react. He heard strangled shouts and muffled screams, but he knew, somehow, that they wouldn't reach him in time –The ground rose before him, like a wall; the Killing Curse hit the earth and it disintegrated into dust, and then James felt his body tense as he fell to his knees; he'd broken out of the spell, but Voldemort was not paying attention to him, his scarlet eyes were staring to his side, his mouth curled downwards in a terrifying snarl as a tall figure in billowing blue robes frowned disapprovingly at him."Tom," said Dumbledore, his voice quiet, yet James could hear him clearly. "I'm afraid I am not at all happy to see you."Behind Dumbledore, Flitwick and Slughorn fanned out, their wands gripped tightly in their trembling hands. James felt multiple bodies heave him off the ground and drag him. Off to his side, he heard Sirius's voice mutter, "Tom? That's his name?""But I am, Dumbledore," said Voldemort softly, not taking his eyes off him. "I come bearing gifts.""We do not accept gifts from criminals or murderers!" squeaked Flitwick immediately. "Begone, snake!"Voldemort paid him no attention. He merely straightened, taking in his surroundings, yet his grip on his wand did not loosen."Is this a way to greet an old student?" whispered Voldemort. "My, my… Hogwarts's standards have fallen… And these –" he waved his wand carelessly at James and the others, and they all yelped and rushed back, "Your students, I presume?"Dumbledore did not answer. He was still staring at Voldemort with those piercing blue eyes, his face still set in that disapproving frown, as though Voldemort was merely a student who had shown him a disappointing project."But – no…" said Voldemort suddenly, and then he turned to James again, now regarding him curiously, "I have heard of you three… Longbottom, Black, and Potter…"He exchanged glances with Sirius and Frank. So the Death Eaters had been telling the truth. Voldemort did know them. Next to James, McGonagall shot him a warning look so as to not respond."Join me," whispered Voldemort, his face suddenly hungry with greed. "Those with pure blood should stick together, no?""Tom," said Dumbledore before any of them could retort. "I request that you leave immediately. The Aurors are coming.""And I welcome them, old man." Voldemort strode backwards, circling the large crack where his spell had struck. "The more that receive the gift, the better…"He pointed his wand at the fault; there was a bang, and suddenly something peeked out from the crack, something large and pointy. A stake emerged, and tied to the stake was a man; nearly naked, nearly dead, he was lifted up, guided by the movement of Voldemort's wand. James's stomach tightened, he knew what was coming somehow, it was as though he'd seen it –"Imperio."Voldemort pointed his wand at the old man, and suddenly he became rigid, and then he went limp. He turned back to Dumbledore and the rest of the Professors, who had horror-struck looks on their faces."Attack me, Dumbledore, and he dies." Voldemort twitched his wand slightly, and the old man lurched his arms pathetically. "But you know him, don't you? Your old friend, the Mudblood, Theodore Plant."The old man raised his head, his eyes rolling back into his head, and he gave a slow nod as though confirming Voldemort."He is my beacon, Headmaster," continued Voldemort, fingering his wand. "A beacon for all who wish to join me, in the cleansing –" he turned to look at James again, but he did not squirm, "A light that will guide them to the right path.""A path that brings sorrow to all who come across it," said Dumbledore quietly. "A path that you've carved out of blood and skin, that strangles all of its travelers. No, Tom, it is not the right path.""You call me Tom as though we are friends, Dumbledore," said Voldemort coldly. "I am Lord Voldemort.""But I have given you the reason, have I not?" Dumbledore smiled bitterly, as though remembering something painful. "Or perhaps your memory is not as good as it once was, Tom…"James turned his head quickly back and forth, as though watching a Quidditch match. The aura the two wizards gave off was frightening, electrifying – he did not want to be there, but McGonagall's hand was gripping his shoulder tightly, not allowing him to move, even to guide the others to safety…More people emerged from behind Dumbledore. They surged forwards, their wands raised; close to him, he heard Frank exhale in relief – for Mad-Eye Moody was among those who had come, looking furious – half a dozen Aurors formed a single line behind Moody, all looking in the same direction…Voldemort spread his hands. Out of nowhere, as though they had always been there, Bellatrix and the rest of the Death Eaters appeared, black smoke trailing off of their robes; they formed a circle around Theodore Plant, their eyes darting around behind their masks."Here is my gift, Dumbledore," said Voldemort coldly. With a twitch of his wand, Theodore opened his mouth, and out slithered a snake; bigger and heavier than what could have possibly been stored inside his body, but it slithered nonetheless. He tried to scream, but the noise was muffled by it; the snake coiled upwards, wrapping its body around his neck, and it squeezed.Theodore shuddered, and then became limp. The Aurors roared and surged forwards, but stopped abruptly as the Death Eaters brandished their wands at them."Release him, Voldemort!" For the first time, Dumbledore looked worried. He unsheathed his wand, fire streaming from its tip dangerously as he, too, pointed it at the Death Eaters. McGonagall pulled him and the rest of the students backwards, inching closer to Flitwick and the teachers.Voldemort did not listen. He flicked his wand again, and this time, green flames erupted from Theodore's skin. The snake hissed, trying to escape the fire, but it seemed unable to release its grip from Theodore's neck. James watched, horrified, as the stake burned, and smoke plumed upwards towards the sky…"The beacon is lit," said Voldemort quietly. "Those who wish to follow it shall be guided to me."McGonagall gasped, something that James had never heard before, but then he saw why – the smoke from the fire had collected in one single space, darkening the sky around it. It shifted and changed until it formed into a colossal skull, with a serpent protruding from its mouth like a long, monstrous tongue.Dumbledore and the Aurors strode forwards, firing spells that the Death Eaters deflected hastily, but before anything else could happen, Voldemort vanished in a swirl of robes. Cries were heard around him, but nothing passed through his ears, James's heart was thumping loudly, masking any sound as he stared at the stake…James closed his eyes, slumping to the ground. He did not want to see anything anymore. The image of the Dark Mark burned in his mind, and Theodore Plant's mangled corpse he remembered even more vividly. He couldn't bring it to himself to even find Lily's hand. He doubted whether he would go to Hogsmeade again…He felt cold drops of twinkling snow fall on his neck. He quickly covered it with his scarf, but his gloveless hands had smudged the snowflakes. James stared at his fingers, unable to comprehend why they were suddenly black –He looked up at the sky. Black sleet was falling, dispersing the Dark Mark, and yet he just continued to stare at it dumbly, unable to fully comprehend what had just happened. A gentle hand lifted him off the ground, and he heard McGonagall's voice tell him to go back to the castle. She sounded as though she was about to cry.Slowly but surely, the Dark Mark faded into the clouds. He saw, glancing back, that Theodore Plant had been removed from the stake. Flitwick led the way in front of him, shaking slightly. His mind still throbbed at the memory of Theodore's body. He could no longer remember his nightmare.This was so hard to write. Dear God, I'm so fucking tired, and I'm no way near satisfied with how it turned out, but at least it's better than what I had before. I kept redoing this, thinking out scenes for the plot, but I feel it's still lacklustre. Only reason I'm allowing this to be posted is because I wanted to slump through and get at least a chapter done before September ended. I have my midterms coming up, so I'm going to be writing a whole lot less.October, though, is Jily month. I'm going to keep writing, even if I'm a little burnt out from this stupid chapter. Thank you, and I'm sorry for the late upload. Read and Review, as always. While we're on the topic, thank you again to the guest review who pointed out that I keep reuploading my chapters. I didn't think it would be too much of a bother, because I don't know anyone who still religiously checks their emails, but obviously I've been thick. The reason I do this is that either I've made some big changes to the plot that I thought of after publishing the chapter, or I've uploaded the wrong doc by accident. Sorry. Since you're anonymous, I can't thank you, but if you happen to be reading this, well, er... thanks. 

Chapter Eleven: A Furry Little ProblemLooking back, even two weeks later, James still found it hard to process what he and his friends had gone through. He had fresh nightmares every night – of skulls and snakes, and sometimes even the odd bout of malicious laughter, but he always pushed them to the back of his mind. He did not want to remember.James tried to pull himself together during those two weeks. He'd smiled and joked like his usual self when he was in class, but after it was over, when he was no longer under the caring eye of Professor McGonagall or any of his teachers, he returned to his solemn mood that he only showed to his closest friends.He had not known Theodore Plant, and he wasn't going to pretend that he had known him. In truth, the conductor's death had affected him very little, and he was guilty that it did – Theodore deserved better, deserved to be remembered after all he had gone through. The Daily Prophet didn't help matters; they barely mentioned Theodore Plant, instead writing him off as the only casualty that had taken place in the attack. James suspected that the Ministry was behind this, seeing as they'd written about how Voldemort's attack was a failure, and that the Ministry had ultimately won. He did not much care about it.As for what was going on inside the school – well, it was Hogwarts, after all, and rumours were bound to crop up. That Sunday, after the attack, Dumbledore had talked to the school about how he and the rest of his friends had been directly involved in what had happened. Ever since, James found himself the target of whispered conversations and pointed fingers, even though Dumbledore had explicitly requested the school not to bother him and his friends. He guessed that they were making their own theories as to why he had been targeted by Death Eaters. Again, he did not care very much.Every evening after dinner, he and Lily would lock themselves up in the Head's Tower. They were inseparable these days, and though James wished that the reason for it was not so horrible, he was grateful nonetheless. While Sirius was – and would always be – the first person he would go to when he was feeling worried, he didn't want to bother him with something that he was also going through. It didn't matter very much; Lily was a good listener, and she'd promised that they'd get through it together.Sometimes, James didn't even sleep in his own room. He did not dare go to Lily's dorm, for fear of being hexed – but she'd also caught on to what was going on with him, and had joined him in his long thinking sessions in the common room sofas. They didn't talk much during those periods. They didn't need to. She understood what he was going through, and he understood as well; the best they could do was to support each other, and move on."I see them, too," she said softly one night, leaning into his chest. "I'm tired of it.""S'not so scary now," admitted James. "Kind of boring, really…"They didn't say anything after that. James knew that she knew that he was only trying to lighten the situation, but she didn't comment on it. A moment later, Lily had fully relaxed, and her soft puffs of breath told him that she was asleep. He smiled to himself, suddenly feeling a great rush of affection for the witch snoozing on his chest, and he closed his eyes too.Snow fell from the sky in the form of small, individual snowflakes, swirling against the windows; the end of the term was nearing, and with it, Christmas. James and the rest of the Marauders watched happily as Hagrid barged into the Great Hall on Saturday morning, carrying the last of the twelve Christmas trees. Garlands of holly and tinsel had been twisted around the rails and bannisters of the stairs; enchanted candles floated high up in the ceiling, forming a sort of aurora; live fairies of all sorts of colours flew about the room, flashing different lights that clashed magnificently with the candles.The Marauders had taken it upon themselves to help with Christmas decorations, too. Just last night, they'd enchanted the suits of armour to follow around unsuspecting students, belching out merry tunes that James found rather annoying after hearing them for the umpteenth time. He'd made sure that the professors would have a hard time undoing the charms – he wasn't going to make it easy for them."I think we've tortured them enough, Prongs," said Remus wearily, as 'My Baby Gave Me a Hippogriff for Christmas' echoed around the Great Hall yet again.James looked at him. The full moon was in a few days, and his friend wasn't looking too good. "Well, that's their problem now. They're just going to have to bear with it.""Correction," said Remus, picking at a scar on his neck, "I think I've been tortured enough."Sirius gave a bark of laughter. "The charms'll wear off in a few hours, don't worry. And stop touching that thing, Moony, it's never going to heal that way."There was a great rush of fluttering wings at that moment; looking up, James saw the morning post owls swoop in through the upper windows. A black screech owl carrying a long, furled scroll landed in front of Sirius, who looked surprised.The owl looked strangely familiar. Peter started to say, "Hey, isn't that…"Sirius tried to tug the scroll from its beak. The owl looked at him reproachfully."Come off it," muttered Sirius. He finally managed to pull it away; the owl nipped at his fingers rather aggressively and took off at once, making sure to clip Sirius with its wings.Sirius unfurled the scroll, mumbling darkly, and began to read. The further down his eyes travelled the parchment, the more pronounced became his scowl. His grey eyes flashed dangerously as he finished reading."Sirius?" asked James uneasily. His best mate got up abruptly, not looking at any of them, and then left the table.James stared around at his friends, who looked just as confused as he did. "What do you reckon?""I dunno, but we should let him cool off before we do anything drastic," murmured Remus, taking a bite out of his toast. "Must be something about his family."That sounded quite reasonable. A moment later, a certain redhead and her two friends sat down across them, shooting him a disapproving look."What did you lot do to Sirius?" asked Lily. "He didn't even say hi to Marlene.""We didn't do anything," said James. "He got a letter and then stormed off.""A letter?" said Marlene, frowning deeply. "From whom?""That was definitely a Black family owl," said Peter, glancing at the vacant spot that used to be occupied by Sirius. "I've seen enough Howlers from Sirius's mum to recognize one."James looked at the Great Hall's double doors; Sirius was probably far away now. When he turned back to the table, he found Lily was still frowning at him. His mind went into overdrive, replaying every conversation he'd had with her, trying to find what he had done wrong. Perhaps he'd said something last night without meaning to? Maybe she'd mistaken one of his jokes for actual opinions. He really should keep his mouth shut sometimes."What?" asked James, giving up."Aren't you going to look for him?" said Lily. James let out a small sigh of relief. "You're his best mate, after all.""Nah," answered Remus for him. "He'll want to be alone for a while. Besides, Sirius gets moody easily, we're going to let him cool off."When Lily still looked reproachful, James sighed and reached for her hand across the table. "Look, love. Sirius wouldn't want us to worry about him, he's just that kind of bloke." He glanced quickly at Marlene, and then added, "You shouldn't go after him, either. Let him take out his frustration. We'll check on him later.""Oh, all right," relented Marlene, easing into her bench. "It's just – even after all this time, I can never tell how he's feeling.""He'll come around," said Alice, patting her arm."I wonder what the letter was about," said Lily absently. "Maybe they're asking him to transfer to Slytherin or something.""I don't think so," said Remus, knitting his eyebrows together. "He would've just laughed it off, he's been sent dozens of letters like that. Whatever it was, it was something big – and personal.""Well, I just hope this gets resolved quickly," said Marlene. "He usually never gets upset, it's strange seeing him like that."And she cast an oddly furtive look at James."Trust me, Marls, we're just as confused as you are," he assured her.Sirius Black sat under the shade of the beech tree by the edge of the still-unfrozen-lake, holding his crumpled letter in a fist. His head was swimming with thoughts and emotions – guilt that he had ditched Marlene, and more importantly, his friends; contempt at the godforsaken piece of rubbish he held in his hands; disgust at himself for feeling like this. Mostly, though, he felt anger.The nerve of that woman… Sirius swore, for as long as he lived, he would never speak to her again. His mother had that effect on many people, bribing and lying and flattering to get what she wanted, and then – boom, her true colours showed.He balled his fist up even more, trying to ignore the heavy words that had been written in the parchment. She had confirmed what Bellatrix had said a few weeks ago – that he had been blasted off the family tree, and that he was no longer considered family. Not to her, anyway.Even though he knew it was foolish to do so, he had secretly hoped that Bellatrix had been lying. He had hoped that his mother, insufferable as she may be, would find it in her black heart to admit that she was wrong, and apologise to him.He'd underestimated just how nasty his mother could be. Aside from basically disowning him, she'd also demanded that he return the money Uncle Alphard had given to him, which was a new low. Not wanting to open the letter, he closed his eyes, and remembered his mother's words…The Black family demands that the contents of Alphard Black's will, including the thirty thousand (30,000) galleons he has left you, be transferred to the Black family vault (Vault 711) no later than by March 1st. If the Black family does not hear from you, this case shall be promptly filed in the small claims court.Hoping you are well,Walburga Black, heiress of House BlackSirius levitated the ball of parchment in the air, and promptly set fire to it. He imagined his mother's head in place of the letter."Careful, or you'll burn down Hogwarts. We're still not done putting up Christmas decorations."Sirius whipped his head towards the source of the voice; he found James striding over to him, his hands in his pockets, and an apologetic expression on his face."Oh," said Sirius hollowly, "It's you."James sat down next to him, leaning against the base of the tree. "Do you wish it weren't me?""No, no," he sighed. "I'm glad you're here."The ashes from the parchment were scattered in the cold wind. Sirius picked up a small pebble and threw it across the lake, where it skipped once… twice… thrice, before it sank beneath the surface on its fourth skip."The letter," said James slowly, "what was it about?""Nothing, really," he said bitterly, preparing to throw another rock. "Just my dear old mum asking for my money. As if she hasn't got enough already.""That inheritance from your uncle?" said James, looking at him. "But he said – explicitly stated – in his will that you were receiving it, not anyone else. If the Ministry follows their own laws at all, the money can't be taken from you…""I don't expect Mum will handle that very well." The rock didn't skip at all, instead plopping pathetically as soon as it landed on the lake. "I've been officially disowned, too.""Doubt it," said James absently, using his wand to launch his own pebble into the lake. "Blood bonds are hard to break. Impossible, in fact.""Just a few months ago, you were the one telling me that blood meant nothing.""And I still stand by it," said James. "Blood doesn't mean family, mate. But when it comes to magic, you'd be hard-pressed to, er… sever the ties left by blood bonds. That's what my dad says, at least…"There was silence between them after that. They engaged in a silent competition – whose pebbles would skip the furthest would receive bragging rights – and ultimately Sirius won, his record of six total skips impossible to beat by James."Did you mean what you said during my birthday?" he said after a short pause, turning to James. "About how you're tired of me living in your house?""Of course not," said James firmly. "I was just taking the mickey, you know that. My parents love you, you're a part of our family now as far as we're concerned.""Oh," was all he could say, and he turned a pebble in between his fingers nervously."You can't seriously be thinking that we'd abandon you?" said James incredulously. "I'm hurt, mate.""No, it's not that," he said quickly. "I was just thinking – well, I was reminded – since I've got a bit of money now, I could finally move out, get my own place…"James appeared to consider the idea. "I mean, if you want to, you know Mum and Dad will always support you. I reckon they'd want to wait until after school, though.""Yeah, I'm not in a hurry to live on my own," said Sirius. "We've got all the time in the world, anyway…""That we do," said James quietly.A comfortable silence followed. Sirius felt better, much better than he had that morning; it was as though an enormous weight had been lifted off his shoulders.To hell with my family, thought Sirius savagely. I'm disowning them."Let's get out of here," he said, standing up. "If anyone sees me, my reputation'll go down the drain…""I've got an idea," said James, accepting Sirius's hand. He pulled out a folded piece of parchment from inside his robes; The Marauders' Map. "I saw Mulciber and Wilkes all alone on the sixth floor, there's a chance they might still be there…""You read my mind," said Sirius, grinning. "Moony and Wormtail coming?"James unfolded the map, his eyes travelling all the way towards the sixth floor, where two lone figures sat in an empty corridor. He grinned back. "You bet."The following Thursday, after a long, boring day of classes, three-quarters of the Marauders were lounging in the Head's common room with Lily. James watched amusedly as his girlfriend and his best mate argued over Quidditch, once or twice grunting in agreement when they directed their questions at him."... you're mad if you think the Cannons are better than the Wasps, Black, I can't believe you'd say something so wrong and stupid –""It's not my fault the Wasps are a bunch of no-brainers with no talent!" interjected Sirius angrily. James and Peter shared an exasperated look, and then hastily avoided their gazes as Lily threw a pillow at Sirius."I can't believe my own best mate would say this," she muttered, covering her face with her hands as Sirius threw it back at her. "You don't deserve the title."Before Sirius could retort, James stood up hastily, now seeing that the clock was about to strike nine. "All right, that's enough, both of you." He frowned at Lily, and suddenly feeling quite mischievous, added, "For the record, Lils, the Wasps are a bunch of idiots.""Oh sure, side with him, I see how it is now," said Lily sarcastically, crossing her arms in a very flamboyant manner. "Remind me how I ended up with you again?""Now that's a topic I can get behind on arguing," said Peter approvingly, ducking as James swatted his head."All right, that's enough, both of you," said Sirius in a near-perfect imitation of James. "Evans, isn't it past your bedtime? You should go to sleep.""Don't tell me what to do, Black," said Lily, trying to sound cross, but then she yawned wide. "Bloody hell, you three're giving me migraines. I wish Remus were here.""Well, he can't, can he?" James pretended to yawn, covering his mouth as he did so. "Poor Moony…""Ah, he'll be alright." Sirius rubbed his eyes, winking discreetly at him from behind his fingers. "He's strong, Moony.""Shouldn't you two go to the Hospital Wing?" said Lily suddenly, all traces of sleepiness gone, and she was now eyeing Peter and Sirius carefully.James shot Sirius a look that he hoped said, go along with it."Oh – yeah," said Sirius, glancing at Peter. "We've got to help Madam Pomfrey with the – er, process. Right, Pete?"He elbowed Peter rather inconspicuously."Right!" squeaked Peter, attempting an unconvincing stab at airiness. "You'll join us tomorrow morning, James?""Definitely," said James quickly, grateful that he was able to have the final say. "You two should hurry it up, or else Filch'll do you in before you graduate…"He shot them another significant look out of the corner of his eye; Lily didn't see it, and she nodded. "That's right, get out of here, you two. If you don't mind, I have something I need to talk about with your friend Prongs here…""We all know that you two value your privacy," said Sirius teasingly, but he grabbed Peter by the arm and pulled him towards the portrait hole. "Don't stay up too late, now… be good role models for young Wormtail here…"The portrait swung open, and he heard the two wizards say a cheerful farewell to Sirius and Peter. As soon as it closed, he turned to Lily, a mischievous glint in his eyes."Something you needed to talk about, Miss Evans?"She closed the distance between them; James leaned down, his face inches away from hers. She planted her hands on his neck and pulled him towards her, and he let her guide them, he let her set the pace; their lips met, brushing ever-so-slightly, and then they crashed onto each other, hungry and ecstatic; his hands travelled to the side of her face, his fingers tangling themselves in her hair, sweet-smelling and red, and she deepened the kiss, cupping him in her hands.For a few moments their bodies were frozen, savouring the feeling, but then James pulled away reluctantly. Lily made a noise of disapproval, looking up at him with her bottom lip sticking out…Oh Merlin, thought James, trying not to think of what he wanted to think about. If she kissed him again, he would probably forget all about his plans…"I was enjoying that," muttered Lily."I ran out of breath," said James rather lamely. To keep her from saying anything, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in a hug. "Also, you're bloody gorgeous, Evans.""Flattery will get you nowhere," mumbled Lily thickly, her face pressed against his chest."Won't it?" James squeezed her a bit tighter, and then he let go. Lily looked most displeased. "I'm quite tired, love. I'm going to bed.""Oh, all right," she relented, and she gave him one last kiss before pulling away, her hair messy from where James had played with it.James climbed the stairs and stayed in his room until he heard Lily's door close. When he was sure that it was clear, he opened his own door discreetly and glanced around.The clock said that it was 9.07. Any later, and there was no telling what Remus would do to himself. Stuffing his Invisibility Cloak and the Marauder's Map inside his robes, he went down the stairs, crossed the common room as quietly as he could, and, giving Lily's door one last careful glance, he slowly opened the portrait hole and stepped through.He held up a finger to his lips as the two wizards opened their mouths sleepily. He made the motion of throwing away an object to the side of his mouth, hoping that the wizards understood. They bobbed their heads up and down, their eyes half-open, and shushed the other rather loudly – and, quick as lightning, they slammed the portrait shut.The empty corridor echoed with the noise.James raised his eyebrows. The wizards were already asleep, apparently not noticing that whatever they had done was not in the least bit quiet. Praying that Lily hadn't heard him, he rounded the corner and found Sirius and Peter leaning against the wall, looking quite annoyed."Took you long enough!" muttered Sirius, accepting his end of the Invisibility Cloak. He wrapped it over his body, and Peter did the same. "If I hadn't known any better, I'd say you'd ditched us!""Don't be ridiculous," snapped James, extracting the Marauder's Map. "There's no harm in waiting a couple of minutes…"Filch and Mrs Norris were inside the Transfiguration Tower, miles away from where they were. Glancing up, James pulled the two of them with him, none of them saying a word until they had reached the Great Hall."I take it from that little display Lily still doesn't know you're an illegal Animagus?" said Peter suddenly, struggling to keep his feet hidden."Of course she doesn't," said James shortly, glancing at the Map again."And just when were you planning on telling her?"James ground to a halt, staring incredulously at Peter. "Can't we have this conversation later?""No, he's right," said Sirius, now appearing thoughtful. "Just when were you going to tell her?""I haven't gotten round to doing that, all right?" said James angrily, pushing the two of them forwards. They climbed out of one of the openings. "If I tell her, I'm going to have to explain that the two of you –""Personally, I'm fine with it," breathed Sirius as they entered the Hogwarts grounds. "If you expect this to last, you're going to have to tell her. Lily's a good bird. I trust her.""Agreed," said Peter.James growled in frustration. "You're one to talk, I'll bet my broomstick you haven't even thought about telling Marlene –""That's because we're not serious," said Sirius, jogging to keep up with him. "She doesn't ask stupid questions –""Listen," said James, trying not to let panic into his voice. He wasn't sure why he was feeling stressed. "We'll have this conversation later, all right? I'll tell Lily eventually, but right now, Moony needs us."Peter promptly turned into a rat and scurried over to the opening in the Whomping Willow; for a moment, the tree froze, and James and Sirius transformed and went down the passage. They found Moony circling around the upper room of the Shack, foam forming in his mouth, gnashing his teeth. Even well into the night, Sirius and Peter's words came back to him. He knew that he would have to tell Lily eventually.He remembered what Lily had said. A relationship is built on trust. We won't be getting anywhere if we keep secrets from each other.Soon, he resolved, as he let Moony pounce on him playfully. He wanted this to last, it was too good not to fight for it…The Marauders pranced around the forest, chasing each other until Moony tired.I'll tell her soon.Prongs, distracted with his thoughts, didn't notice Moony bite a little too hard on Padfoot's leg. His anguished howls snapped him out of his trance, and he saw Moony yelp in surprise and put his paws over his snout. If stags could sigh, he would have.This is going to be a long night, isn't it?They pushed Moony all the way to the Shrieking Shack as the first of Hagrid's roosters crowed. The sky above was still dark, but James was always one to trust chickens.Sirius limped alongside him, growling and snarling as he nudged Moony's end with his snout. James concluded that he was cursing in whatever language dogs spoke in, and he couldn't blame him. The bite on his foot looked nasty.Moony stayed silent, once or twice glancing behind with eyes James thought rather cute to be a werewolf's.He used his antlers to hold up a loose beam in the Shrieking Shack; Moony and Padfoot slipped through, Wormtail holding on tightly to the wolf's fur. James turned his head to the side and squeezed in, trying not to get his antlers caught in anything. Padfoot gave him one last reproachful look and disappeared down the secret passageway.Moony bayed.James had no idea how to comfort a werewolf, so he gave him an awkward sort of pat to the back with his hoof. Moony curled up, apparently not wanting to be seen.He and Wormtail followed Sirius quickly; if they stuck around any longer, Madam Pomfrey might discover them. In no time, they reached the Whomping Willow, and Wormtail scurried up to the opening and touched its roots; the tree became still, and James transformed and exited first. He helped Padfoot out of the hole."Pete, can you get my cloak and the map? Only I've got to carry this stupid dog with me –" he heaved Padfoot onto his back, where the dog clung to his neck like a great, shaggy rucksack. "They're in that bush – no, the other one –"They hurried back to the castle, trying to stay low. Peter led the way, holding the map and covering their snowy footprints. The way ahead seemed clear, and Sirius transformed right after they climbed through the castle walls."All right, mate?" James said alarmedly; Sirius's injury looked even more gruesome without all the fur covering it. "That doesn't look so good."His leg was matted in dry blood that went all the way down to his ankle. Torn flesh and sunken pits from where Moony's teeth had clamped shut formed a sort of U-shape that never seemed to end. The whole area was blue and slightly swollen, and bits of dirty sleet seemed to have lodged themselves inside the wound."Blimey, I didn't notice," snarled Sirius, hopping on his good foot. He gripped James's shoulder for support. "Help me walk…""We need to get you to Madam Pomfrey," said Peter, consulting the map again. "No one's up yet –""Are you mad?" Sirius's voice was hoarse. "Pomfrey'll ask questions, she knows we're Remus's mates, and she probably knows how to identify werewolf bites.""We'll get you to the Head's dorm," said James firmly. "We'll use the healing potion for emergencies.""That's reserved for Remus," muttered Sirius."I think this qualifies as an emergency, Padfoot." Peter slung Sirius's other arm around him. "Come on, there's a good boy…""I'm going to turn you into a rat permanently, Pettigrew –""Wake the whole castle, will you?" said James irritably. "Let's hurry, it's not far from here…"But it felt as though the Head's Tower was miles away. Sirius cursed and muttered under his breath. His face was starting to sweat, never a good sign. James half-considered conjuring a stretcher.Finally, they reached the painting of the two sleeping wizards. James whispered, "Neverland!" and they swung open, not even a hitch in their snoring, and they staggered inside."Lily's still asleep," said James. "We'll get you out with the invisibility cloak, and if anyone asks we'll say that the squid got you –"They stopped suddenly and abruptly as they entered the common room.James's heart skipped a beat.Sitting on one of the couches, a mug of smoking coffee in her hands, looking quite awake, was Lily. She looked at him expectantly, as though she had been waiting all night."Morning," she said absently.James was too scared to say anything.Lily raised her eyebrows. "You're supposed to say, good morning, Lily, after."Next to him, Sirius's face was a brilliant shade of red, appearing very likely to match Lily's hair."You know, it's funny that you're here, James," she continued. "I could've sworn that you said you were going to sleep just a few hours ago."Sirius groaned slightly; he gripped James's shoulders tighter. Lily sipped her coffee."Lily, I promise I can explain –""So imagine my surprise when I heard the painting open." Lily talked over him. "And I knew – either someone had gotten in, or someone was heading out. I concluded it was the latter, and so I waited, and I thought, surely, my own boyfriend wouldn't be stupid enough to go out on the night of the full moon?"Sirius started to pant. James wasn't sure how much longer he could take."So why, James Potter," said Lily, her eyes like slits, "Why were you heading out on the night of the full moon?"For a moment, no one said a word. James cringed slightly; he had never felt as trapped as he did right then."Lily, I swear there's a perfectly good explanation for this," said James, choosing to look at Lily's mug of coffee instead of those intense green eyes, "But Sirius needs help now. He's lost a lot of blood."Sirius raised his leg helpfully, grunting and cursing as he did so; Lily stared at it, her face morphing into an expression of surprise, and then she said tightly, "Fine."Taking that as approval, Peter pushed Sirius onto James's back and they climbed the stairs. His mind was numb; he could not fathom how Lily was feeling at the moment, and he did not want to think of what he would look like after Sirius and Peter left, but he pushed these thoughts to the side and set Sirius on his bed.While Peter conjured bandages and wrappings, James rummaged around in his drawer, trying to find the healing potion. He had stuffed it into one of his socks, he was sure of it, why wasn't it there?Giving up, James turned to his underwear. It wasn't there either.Now slightly desperate, he searched once more through his socks, trying to convince himself that he had missed it. He double-and-triple checked each and every balled-up pair; still no luck. Sirius's muffled grunts were sounding more frequently, and in a last, wild grab, he flung open his bottom drawer – the stash of drinks.A single bottle of Butterbeer rolled over to vision. Sloshing inside, he found that it was not the usual, bright yellow liquid that frothed at the top, but was instead a dark red substance, smooth and calm.He seized the bottle. It was warm and beat slightly, like a heart; he uncorked the top and staggered over to Sirius."Here you go, Pads," said James weakly.Sirius gulped down the potion as he would any other drink. Trickles of red liquid dribbled down his chin, but he continued to guzzle it until it emptied. The bite on his foot smoked slightly, but it looked better."How does it feel?" asked Peter. Sirius merely grunted."Help me get up," he said, stretching his hand out to James. "And make me a Pepperup Potion if you can –""You can't possibly be thinking about going to class?" said James. "Just stay here, Padfoot.""If I don't, Moony'll feel guilty," growled Sirius. "I'm fine, honestly –""No, you're not."Lily stood in the doorway, blocking the exit. She had her wand pointed up. The reason why became apparent soon; two white bags labelled Hospital Wing came floating in a moment later."You're not going anywhere, Padfoot," said Lily. "You boys can tell me why you're like this while I work on your leg."James and Peter glanced at each other nervously. Sirius tried to get up, but Lily pushed him firmly back on to the bed and raised her wand threateningly. He was reminded, quite stupidly, of Madam Pomfrey.She flicked her wand and one of the bags opened; thin, black string slithered out from it, followed by something that looked like a pair of scissors. Another twitch, and a handful of cotton and cloth, as well as a white bottle labelled Alcohol, sailed out from the other bag.Sirius made a noise somewhere in between a sob and a retch. "Wha – what're you going to do to me?""I'm going to stitch you," said Lily. "Unfortunately, a healing potion can't solve everything. You're still going to get an infection, especially if that's a werewolf bite –""You lost me at stitch," said Sirius, horrified. "You're not going to crochet me or anything, are you?""A more accurate description would be sewing your skin together," said Lily grimly. "I'll cast a spell over you so that you won't be awake. It won't hurt – at least during the process. Now stop being a baby and relax."Before Sirius could protest, Lily pointed her wand at him and muttered a spell; in an instant, he'd gone limp and fell on the bed, his mouth hanging open."You lot better tell me how he got this bite, or I'm going to knock you all unconscious," muttered Lily to James and Peter.With another nervous glance, James blurted out the story. Lily was silent as she worked, but he found that this was easier. He stared resolutely at his Quidditch posters as he told her how he and Sirius and Peter had found out that Remus was a werewolf. He started the story there; it had always started with Remus. And then, as Lily paused in her healing and rolled her hands in a go on gesture, he told her about how Sirius noticed how drained and sickly he looked after the transformations. He told her how Sirius had proposed the idea of becoming Animagi in their third year, and how they'd spent the next year cooped up in the library, going through the restricted section, practising the most complex Transfiguration spells and brewing the most disgusting potions until, after a fashion, they were confident enough in their abilities to start the process of becoming Animagi, finally able to transform during the beginning of their fifth year.When he'd finished, Lily still remained silent. She waved her wand back and forth, willing Sirius's skin to get sewn back together. James waited."So you're an Animagus," said Lily finally, packing her medical tools back in her bag. "And – let me get this straight – you became one so that you'd be able to keep Remus company?""During the full moon," responded James."During the full moon," echoed Lily. She straightened up and turned to face him and Peter. James didn't like how he wasn't able to read her face."You don't believe us?" squeaked Peter."I don't know what to believe," muttered Lily, crossing her arms. "Only one way to find out, isn't there?"James and Peter exchanged glances. "You want us to transform – now?""Obviously," said Lily stonily.Peter eyed him nervously, a silent conversation being had between them. James took a step back, and breathed deeply."You might want to move, Lily," murmured James. Lily remained where she was, her face quite impassive.Holding his breath, James cleared his mind of all but the image of Prongs, remembering his sight, his sense of smell, his great, powerful body – and he willed his heart to stop.The second heartbeat grew louder.The change was immediate, as it always was. He was standing on all fours; his head was heavier, much heavier; his vision sharpened, he didn't need his glasses anymore, and his sense of smell suddenly became a million times more powerful, he could smell Sirius's dried blood even when it had been washed off by Lily's alcohol –Lily herself had fallen on the bed, her mouth hanging open in shock. She dropped her wand, which bounced on the bed and struck Sirius with a spell.Sirius woke instantly, sitting bolt upright, his eyes zooming in on his foot. He let out a very un-Siriuslike squeal and rounded on Lily, who was still eyeing James with a mixture of fascination and disbelief."What the bloody fucking hell did –""He's an Animagus," whispered Lily hoarsely, massaging her temples. "James Potter is an Animagus…"Sirius's outraged face became amused once he saw James, and he rolled his eyes. "Stop showing off, you great prat. I'm literally dying over here."Lily turned to him quickly, as though she had just noticed he was there. "And you – Sirius, what –"Sirius grimaced and promptly turned into a dog. Lily jumped, and then stared at him."Wait a moment," said Lily slowly. "I saw you last year, when I was out on the grounds with James –"James transformed back and ran a hand through his hair nervously. The memory swam hazily to the front of his mind – there he was on a fine autumn late-afternoon, taking a stroll along the lake with Lily, and for the first few minutes they were alone, gloriously alone… and then his precious time was destroyed as Sirius came bounding up to them, licking their faces –Sirius turned into his normal, handsome self, looking sheepish. "Yeah, about that –""You kissed me," stammered Lily, a look of horrified realization dawning on her face. "You – the dog – kissed me.""Technically, I licked you," said Sirius, in spite of himself. "And let me tell you, Evans, you wouldn't believe the look on old Prongsie's face –"His words were drowned out by an otherworldly bellow. Somewhere on the floor, there was an odd, squeak-squeak-squeak as Wormtail the Rat laughed heartily."Hello, Moony," said James brightly, traipsing through his friend's bed-curtains."Hello," said Remus hollowly. He wasn't meeting his eyes. "Er – I wanted to ask, is Sirius –?""Evening, Moony." Sirius and Peter appeared out of thin air, drawing back a silky, silvery cloak. "What's up?""I'm sorry!" cried Remus ruefully; over in her office, Madam Pomfrey squinted at them. "I'm sorry, Sirius, I swear I didn't mean to, it's just – Moony – I mean, me – I didn't think I'd lose control again –"Remus buried his face into his fingers. He seemed quite deflated, as though he'd been bottling his emotions for the entire day."Hey – it's alright," said Sirius, patting his hand awkwardly. "Werewolf bites don't affect animals, remember?""Yes, but the pain's still there," said Remus thickly, his voice muffled by his hands. "I can't imagine –""Actually, it's not," said Sirius happily, pulling back his robes to reveal his leg. It was not swollen nor bleeding, and looked relatively normal except for a thin scar with strands of string-like material crisscrossing at certain intervals. Remus peeked through his fingers."It took a day of magical sleep, but I was able to heal up," continued Sirius. "Can't complain, I haven't done Flitwick's essay yet. I tell you, Prongs, your girlfriend is an actual angel…""She most definitely is, she even stopped Marlene from barging into your room to check on you, Pads," said Peter, smirking. Sirius gave a bark of laughter."Wait," said Remus slowly. "Wait, wait, wait… Lily did this? She healed you?""Sure did," said James proudly, before Sirius could answer. "Did a fantastic job, if I say so myself.""She's passed out in the Head's Tower, that's why she isn't here with us," chimed in Peter."I – passed out?" said Remus incredulously. "What exactly did she do?""It's probably from shock," said Sirius, rubbing his healed leg. "You know, from finding out that we're illegal Animagi."Remus let the words sink in before his jaw dropped slightly. "You – you told her?""Yep," said James happily. "She won't tell a soul, you know how Lily is.""I mean – it's your decision, after all, and I trust her –""Good," said Sirius, breaking a chunk off Remus's chocolate bar lying next to him. "Because now that she knows, she won't have to worry about your furry little problem that much anymore…"This was very fun to write, I thought a lighter chapter would be nice after that last one. I'm very sorry for the slow updates; I have my midterms, they'll be finishing on the 15th so after that it's back to my regular scheduled programming. I'll admit I haven't been studying much, I've been using most of my free time finishing Rick Riordan's final CHB book Tower of Nero, as well as rewatching BNHA (chapter 287 just came out and it's pretty nice) and replaying The Witcher 3. There isn't much else to do where I live.Aaaaanywho, read and review, as always, and I hope you enjoy the chapter!

Chapter Twelve: Christmas BreakThe week before term ended, Lily received a letter that, upon opening, its first words screamed out at her as though they had been pent up during the journey from Cokeworth. Dreadful words they were, too, for she immediately gave a strangled sort of yelp that caused James to look at her strangely."All right, love?"Lily shook her head slowly, staring blankly at the piece of paper held in her hands. James raised an eyebrow, concerned."Who's that from?"In answer, Lily handed him the letter. She ran a hand nervously through her hair (something she thought James was responsible for fostering in her) and waited as he read what her mother had written.It took him two minutes to clear his throat and laugh shakily. She saw him set down the letter at the breakfast table next to his half-eaten sausage."So," he began in a falsely cheery voice that made her squirm, "Petunia. Your sister. She's getting married.""Yep," she muttered grimly, not even in the mood to finish her bread and tomatoes."And your mother – Rose," he continued slowly, "she wants us to have dinner with the happy couple.""Yep," she said again."That sounds… fun, I guess?"Lily snorted. "What aspect of dinner with my sister could you possibly find appealing?""Well, after all I've heard from you, not much," he admitted apologetically, scratching the back of his head. "What about this Vernon? Is he –""He's a rude, narcissistic pile of rubbish that looks like a walrus," said Lily, so strongly that James seemed taken aback."I suppose I have no choice but to come?"Was it just her, or did he sound a tad bit excited?She eyed him suspiciously. "Of course you don't have to come. In fact, Petunia'd be over the moon if you didn't.""That seals it, then." James elbowed her playfully. "I'm not going to miss a chance to poke fun at your dear sister or her walrus-to-be. Besides, you wouldn't last two minutes in their company without me.""Even less, I think," she said gloomily, though she was secretly hoping that it wouldn't come to that. "I'll send a letter to my mum to tell her you're coming."Before James could respond, Sirius, who'd apparently been listening intently from across them, said, "Ah, how bad could it be? You two can go to that place where you watch films, the cemina, I think, while –""Cinema, Padfoot, honestly, what've you been doing in Muggle Studies?""Yeah, that," said Sirius, waving her off. "This also gives you a good chance to meet her parents, doesn't it, Prongs?"Lily looked at him in surprise. "Actually, yeah.""And Lily here can come to your place later," continued Sirius. "I think your mum'll be ecstatic to meet her, all the times you've talked about her…"James reddened slightly. "Padfoot…"Sirius turned to her, grinning mischievously. "You have to be there. Marly's staying for a few days as well, that way you won't be lonely.""That's not a bad idea," sniggered Lily. "What're the chances of James's mum loving me more than him?"Sirius stroked his chin thoughtfully. "Astronomical, I'd say. You wouldn't believe how many times James's mentioned you to her, she says you're practically part of the family now –""Padfoot," said James irritably, "Sod off, will you?"Sirius raised his glass of pumpkin juice, his stupid grin still unwavering. "Cheers."The evening before Christmas break, Lily was sat in the Gryffindor common room with the rest of her friends, having just finished packing her things. A few days ago, she'd written a letter to her mother, telling her about James; in her following letter the day after, her mother had been about as excited as a two-year-old for ice cream.She'd written to her mother a lot over her years at Hogwarts. It wasn't like she didn't know what was going on with her. But this was different.Lily had gone out with a number of boys in her time; heck, between her two best friends, she was the one who dated around the most, but she'd never written to her parents about any of them. They were, after all, just distractions for her – distractions that she felt were necessary to keep her mind off of bigger things.She'd written about James before to her parents. The first time, in her first year at Hogwarts, about a boy who liked to joke around and was kind in private, but was mean to Severus – and it sort of escalated from there. Her parents knew who James was. They'd known about him long before they had become partners.So maybe this was why her mother was excited. Lily had never brought her friends home – much less a boy, save for Severus. But that was different.Speaking of James, where was he? It had been a while since she last saw him. She looked around, realizing that she'd spaced out of the conversation. There was Marlene, snuggling up to Sirius, telling what apparently seemed to be an entertaining story to the rest of the group. Alice sat next to Em and Mary, once or twice looking up from her quill and parchment to laugh along with the group. Remus and Peter lay on their bellies near her, playing wizard's Chess; all the seventh years were here, where was James?Probably caught up in Head duties. Nothing to worry about.He'd informed her just last night that his mother had written to him as well; she'd readily agreed to his proposal, and so now, he had told her, for the first time in his life, he would be spending some part of his break in the Muggle world. She wasn't the least bit surprised by that; she knew James had lived a sheltered life under his parents, so he probably had no reason to go out to Muggle Britain. That explained quite a few things about him, now that she thought about it."There you go, zoning out again."Lily looked up, surprised; Remus was staring up at her from the floor, holding a black king in his hand. He smiled lazily at her.She returned his smile. "Well, all of you seemed busy, I didn't want to interrupt anything.""Bollocks." Remus threw the king at Peter, who fumbled it with his hands. "Budge up, will you?""But there's a chair over there," said Lily, amused, but she shifted in her armchair to make space for him."I think I'd rather sit with a friend." Remus stretched his legs and yawned. "So what's on your mind?"Lily wondered what this was about. Remus rarely asked pointless questions, maybe he had noticed something off about her? Or maybe this was a prank, and Sirius/Peter/James had set him up for this?Or perhaps he just wanted to see how she was doing. Yes, that sounded plausible.And so she said, "Nothing, really. Just wondering where James is.""Oh, he's on patrol, didn't you know?""What?" said Lily, surprised. "Is it really one of his patrol nights?"Remus laughed. "Yeah, with Benjy Fenwick. Don't tell me the Head Girl's forgotten her prefects' schedules?""Slipped out of my mind," she said easily. "When's he going to be back?"Remus glanced at his wristwatch. "His patrol's ending in a few minutes, but with James you can never be sure."Lily smirked. "Naturally. So what's been going on with you? It's been a while since we talked, just the two of us."Remus shrugged. "Life's been boring, actually. Focusing on school, hardly ever causing mischief…""Yeah, and I'm best mates with Snape again.""No, really," insisted Remus. "It's usually Sirius and Peter who're sneaking off these days, they just ask for my permission beforehand.""So you've grown out of it?" said Lily, though she thought privately that he had been mature long before now. "About time. You should give those two lessons sometime."He laughed, which was good to hear. "No, I don't think I'll ever grow out of it." He stared wistfully at Sirius and Marlene, who looked so comfortable in each other's arms it made Lily want to hex them. "As for my friends… it may not seem like it, but they've grown."Lily raised an eyebrow at him. "Whatever do you mean?"He blinked. "I mean, if you've lived long enough with those three troglodytes, you start noticing the little things. We've all come a long way.""I suppose – but what's bringing this up?""It's nothing," said Remus hastily. "Look at me, going on about the others. It's pathetic, isn't it?"Lily turned her full attention on him, her gears turning in her mind. "Remus, what –""I told you, forget I said anything." He took a shaky breath, and then tried for a brave smile. "It's just nice to see everybody happy."Lily had no idea what to say. Apparently, Remus didn't either, and he stared solemnly at the fireplace. His scarred face seemed to dim even as he did so."Are you happy, Moony?" blurted Lily suddenly.Remus seemed surprised by her question. Lily immediately kicked herself; what sort of question was that?"Am I happy?" mused Remus. "To tell you the truth – yeah, I guess. I've always been happy at Hogwarts.""Then everything's alright, isn't it?"He looked even more surprised. He glanced once more at Sirius and Marlene – and Lily suddenly understood.Remus smiled – genuinely, happily, a smile that caused his scars to fade ever-so-slightly, and made him look far younger. "Everything's perfect."Sometime later, James Potter entered the Gryffindor common room, scanned the mass of students, and spotted Remus and Lily a bit far away from the rest of the group. He ambled over to them, his arms laden with snacks and desserts."Ooh, apricot," said Lily as soon as he reached them, snatching the danish he held in his hand. Before he could protest, Remus grabbed a handful of rolls and stood up from the armchair. He bent down and whispered something to Lily, who smirked and scooted over a bit more so that James could sit down with her.He watched Moony as he walked away. Lily turned to him."Where've you been?"James bit into his tart. "Kitchens, obviously.""I meant before that, with Benjy Fenwick."Benjy Fenwick?"Well then, you should've said," he said, trying to play it cool. "Fenwick and I were patrolling on the fifth floor. Ran into a couple of Slytherins."He offered her another danish."And?" she asked. "Surely it couldn't have taken so long?"James grimaced. "I'll spare you the details, just know that a whole bunch of points were lost and Fenwick's probably going to limp for a few days, but all-in-all… it went fine."He saw Remus turn his head slightly and shoot him a quizzical look. Keeping care not to let Lily see him, he mouthed, I'll tell you later, and Remus nodded."Is that it?" murmured Lily, frowning. "Must've been some duel, huh?"James squeezed her shoulder, grateful that she hadn't asked for the whole story. He wasn't sure if he could bring himself to tell her the truth. After fifteen minutes, he was slightly disappointed when she announced that she was going to bed, and Marlene jumped up from Sirius's lap instantly; she begged Lily to sleep in their dorm, and after a slight disagreement, she kissed James goodnight and went up the stairs.With the usual noise of many dozens of students following them up, the Gryffindor common room was left nearly empty as the lights were turned off and the candles snuffed out. James, who was in no hurry at all to leave, stayed behind with the rest of the Marauders. Remus frowned at him."You weren't really patrolling with Benjy Fenwick, were you?" he guessed, once everyone had left and there was no one to disturb them. "Good thing Lily forgot about your patrol schedule, because it ended an hour ago and Fenwick was already heading to his common room when I was talking to her.""Was that you?" said James gratefully. "Thanks, Moony. I had no idea why she brought Fenwick up, I was sure I was dead.""Well don't just ramble on, give us the details," said Peter impatiently. "You were with Snape, weren't you?"For a moment, James said nothing at all. He sighed and leaned his head against the back of the sofa, staring up at the dark ceiling."Yeah," he said hollowly. "Ran into him after patrol was over.""Prongs, you idiot," said Remus angrily. "I thought you said you weren't going to go around hexing him anymore.""What was I supposed to do?" exploded James suddenly, running a hand anxiously through his hair. His mind flitted back to his patrol last week, where he had found two Hufflepuff students all alone at night, slumped against the wall and glazed, far-away looks on their faces. Blood had trickled down their chins and onto their laps, dripping slowly, reminding him of far worse things, that crept up in his dreams, that he refused to talk to Lily about –"You should've left him alone, that's what," said Remus in affronted tones, apparently upset that James had gotten angry."And then what?" he snarled, crossing his arms. "Greet him like we're mates, make amends, offer him tea? Say, Hey Snivvy! 'S been a while. Great spell last week, was the vomiting blood a side effect, or did you intend for them to do that?"He looked away, scowling. His hands were shaking slightly."Prongs, I know that what he did was horrible, but –" began Sirius, but he was interrupted by James."Oh, now your brain isn't completely Confunded?" he demanded angrily. "You're one to talk. If you'd seen Snape wandering alone in the dark, I'll bet you would've jumped him as well.""Yes, I would have," said Sirius coldly. "Every time I see him, I can't help but feel like I want to curse that greasy git into oblivion. I thought you'd changed. Lily thought you changed."He remained quite still as the impact of Sirius's words sank into him. He took a deep breath, trying to calm down, and he looked his best mate in the eye."I'm sorry," he said."Don't be," Sirius said coolly.Remus threw bits of his roll at him. "Back to the topic. Did he get you?"The others remained quiet as James moved around his body, trying to remember if Snape had hit him with anything. The duel had been quick, and James had hit him with a nice little spell that would be easy to revert, but he remembered a flash of light, after which his body had convulsed violently…"No," he said finally. "I'm just sore all over, but I think I'm fine."Peter looked relieved. He patted his arm weakly, and James shot him a small smile."Just don't go tangling with him again," said Remus sternly. "He's bad news. Not just for you, but Lily as well.""Yeah, yeah, I've learned my lesson, Moony," said James, though his words passed through his ear and went out the other one. Remus rolled his eyes.James stayed silent, massaging bits of his arm. He was sure Snape would be found soon – it was nearly one o'clock, after all – but he couldn't help but feel the slightest bit of remorse for what he had done. Just a bit."He's something else, you know," murmured James suddenly. "Snivellus," he added, seeing his friends' confused faces, and then he barged on, "He's brilliant. I dunno how he isn't top of the year when he goes around creating spells and all –""I highly doubt he created them, he probably got them from a book in the Restricted Section," said Remus reproachfully."He created them," said James firmly. "Don't tell me you've seen that Sectumsempra being used before –""That's just coincidence, no seventeen-year-old's going to be creating spells, that's much too advanced –""We became Animagi before we turned of age," he reminded him. "We created the Marauder's Map. Messing with spell theory, creating new curses – it doesn't sound so far-fetched.""Yes, but –" Remus appeared to be struggling to find the right words. "That's dark magic, James. I doubt even Dumbledore at seventeen –""Snape's going to be the biggest threat once we graduate," said Peter grimly, cutting Remus off. "We all know he's headed straight for the Death Eater recruitment program next year. Bloody hell, he might even take over for You-Know-Who once he snuffs –"Sirius burst out laughing."Snivellus Snape, take over for Voldemort?" sniggered Sirius. Remus rounded on him."Don't underestimate him," he warned."No one's underestimating him," said James swiftly. "Look, all I'm trying to say is that Snape's probably the most brilliant student at Hogwarts right now, and we should all be careful of him.""That's what I've been telling you," said Remus crossly.As he followed the Marauders up the stairs to his previous dorm, James rubbed his hand subconsciously over his chest, where he knew Snape's scars still remained. He wondered how many more he would have to receive before the war was over. Maybe he should ask Moony."On the train, everybody, let's go!" bellowed James the next morning, holding on tightly to Lily's hand so that they wouldn't be swept away by the crowd. The new conductor, fat and balding (looking very much like Slughorn, but James kept that information private), shouted out similar phrases from the front of the train.They got on the train soon after, once the rest of the students had boarded; he and Lily made their way to the front carriage, where they'd be conducting a prefects' meeting.It was, as James had anticipated, boring, long and tiring. He did most of the talking (Lily had been kind enough to remind him that, after all, last time she had taken charge) and answered most of the questions, rounding it up in the first half-hour of the train ride by giving out the usual instructions.The train ride itself was uneventful. He played hangman with Marlene, who was apparently rather good at the game; he napped on Lily's shoulder, who gradually became annoyed by it and shoved him off halfway through the journey; he read Quidditch Through the Ages for what he felt was the millionth time, until, eventually, finally, the Hogwarts Expressed slowed down and pulled into Platform 9 ¾.As usual, he and Lily got off first, weaving through the crowd of wizards and witches waiting on the pavement. They pushed them all back, his voice slightly hoarse from all the repeating that he did – soon after, the train doors opened, and the students spilt onto the platform."Oh yes, don't mind me as I'm carrying your trunk, Prongs," said Sirius sarcastically from behind them. "Just say your goodbyes and get a move on, or Marly and I'll leave without you."James ignored him. He hugged Lily tightly, trying not to let his emotions spill out. He'd grown used to seeing her every day, spending time with her outside of class, strolling along the grounds; even if it was for a few days, he would miss her terribly.Lily seemed to understand. She smiled weakly up at him, wrapping her arms around her waist."We'll see each other soon," she murmured, so softly James's heart danced. "I'll owl you as soon as I get home, OK?""Yeah, all right," he said heavily, trying not to tighten his grip on her. She stood on her toes and he leaned down instinctively, and then suddenly they were kissing, slow and light at first, and then it gradually became stronger, hungrier, as it usually did – there were a hundred other people watching, he didn't care as long as he could kiss her, one hand on the surface of her warm jumper and another tangling itself in her long, red hair, hiding tantalizingly under her grey winter knit –"Honestly!" said Marlene pointedly, glaring at them both. "It's just for a few days, it's not like you're never going to see each other again!"He pulled back from her, grinning triumphantly. Sirius rolled his eyes and tapped his foot impatiently.The four of them marched through the barrier, where they found Remus and Peter conversing lightly a few feet away from them; James said his goodbyes to them both, though he knew Remus would be joining him and Sirius later that evening, or tomorrow – Peter would be spending his break in Norddeutschland with his mother, which meant he wouldn't be able to see his friend all winter.He finished hugging Peter and ambled off to join Lily. She had just run up to hug a couple – her parents, he guessed. Kind and welcoming they were, though slightly tired-looking as well. James realized, with slight embarrassment, that he had never asked Lily for her father's name.Sirius nudged him with his elbow and he stumbled forwards awkwardly, not at all feeling like the brave, strong Gryffindor he usually thought himself as. Though he was taller than him, James felt as though he was shrinking under Mr Evans's curious gaze.To his surprise, Mr Evans stuck out his hand and smiled warmly at him. "Howard. A pleasure to meet you, Mr Potter."James gripped it tightly, bemused at how his girlfriend's father could be so nice. "Pleasure to meet you too, Mr Evans.""Nice, firm handshake you have there," commented Mr Evans mildly, letting go of his hand. "That's an athlete's grip if I've ever felt one."James glanced at Lily nervously; she rolled her eyes then smiled encouragingly at him."Er – yes, I play Quidditch, sir." He resisted the urge to run his fingers through his hair. "I'm a Chaser, I… er – I catch the ball and score.""I know what Quidditch is," said Mr Evans, smiling at him. "My daughter's told me all about it, why, if I remember, she's mentioned you several times as well –""Dad!" Lily turned red.Mr Evans only chuckled. "Yes, yes, I'll save it for when we officially meet." He turned back to James and then gestured at the pretty woman next to him. "My wife, Primrose."She gripped his hand and shook it enthusiastically. She had Lily's red hair and her fair complexion; her eyes, pale and so unlike Lily's, were rimmed by a pair of large glasses that were slightly lopsided, like James's."We've heard so much about you, James Potter," she said, and then she whispered into his ear, "Between you and me, you're the only person that Lily's ever brought home from school, so you must mean a lot to her."He felt his face heat up and his tongue tie in a way that made him unable to speak; Mrs Evans only smiled at him and let go of his hand. She then turned to Lily, who appeared as though she wanted to dissolve into the wind.Mr and Mrs Evans said a few words to Lily, to which she only nodded, and went off to the car park and waited patiently by their Cadillac.Lily turned to him, her face torn between amusement and despair. "Some parents, huh?"James laughed, letting his nervousness go. "I think they're great. They look like you."She stepped forwards and planted another kiss on his lips; he kissed back, almost wistfully."I'll owl you as soon as I can," she said, repeating her words. She waved a gloved hand and took hold of her trunk, and then went off to her car."They're odd, Muggles," said Sirius, slinging an arm around him. "You know, I always thought Mr Evans would be scary and imposing, because that's what Lily's like, but no, he's this nice bloke with good manners. Makes you wonder whether Lily's a legitimate child."Both James and Marlene elbowed him rather roughly at that, and he doubled over in his laughter."To Potter Manor, then?" said Marlene, taking hold of his and Sirius's hands. "My Mum and Dad'll come visit us in a few days, fair warning.""I always liked your parents, Marls," said James, relieving Sirius of the weight of his trunk. "To Potter Manor, then."Returning to the Muggle world wasn't such a bad thing, Lily had come to realize over the years, but she couldn't help but admit one teensy little fact: it was so very, incredibly dull.She missed Hogwarts. She missed the magical staircases that used to make her queasy in her first year. She missed the sound of the morning post owls swooping in through the ceiling of the Great Hall. She missed the food and the House Elves, whom she had come to regard as her friends. She especially missed getting yelled at by McGonagall after being late to class with James, their uniforms slightly rumpled and their faces very flushed.Thinking about all this, she couldn't help but compare her simple childhood home to the magnificent, magical castle – which she thought rather unfair, because they were two very different places located in two very different worlds. The Evans household didn't have paintings that would laugh at her after tripping over herself, for one thing.She spent most of her evenings up in her room, enjoying her peace; that, at least, was something that remained unchanged. Petunia, she'd been informed, was staying with the Dursleys (she almost puked at the thought) which meant that Lily wouldn't have to see her until the dreaded day.The dreaded day, unfortunately, was coming up rather quickly. She'd agreed to a date two days before Christmas; that way she and James would be able to exchange gifts without getting in the way of their families. After Christmas, all the way until break ended, she'd be staying at the Potters'.The night before her dinner with Petunia, Lily sat on the couch in the sitting room, watching reruns of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer on the telly with her parents. She didn't really pay attention to it, as most of the specials were already ingrained into her mind, and instead chose to read Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland, a short picture book Sirius had given her before the break. Her dad stole glances at the book whenever Hermey disappeared off the screen."Excited about tomorrow, dear?" asked her mother absently.Lily resisted the urge to sigh. "Simply thrilled."She shared an amused look with her father, who only smiled mysteriously and went back to reading her book.Her mother frowned disapprovingly at both her and her dad. "At least try to be nice, Lily – don't you think it's time you put this ridiculous animosity behind you and make up with your sister?""I do try," said Lily, flipping the page. "It's Petunia that won't shut up about me being a witch, she's never failed to remind me whenever I see her, not once, Mum, that I'm a freak and an abnormality –""Petunia is jealous of you, as you very well know," said her mother reprovingly. "Not everyone has little sisters that are magical witches.""Yes, but not everyone goes out of their way to make their little sisters feel as though they don't belong," said Lily flatly. "You know her better than anyone, Mum – couldn't you try talking to her?""Definitely not," said her mother, looking scandalized. "This is a problem you two must work out for yourselves, after all.""That's going great, isn't it?" said Lily sarcastically. "Listen, Mum, I'll try to keep things civil – and hopefully we'll go from there. I'm more worried about James and Vernon."She raised her eyebrows. "James and Vernon? Why?"Lily pretended to think about it. "Well, for starters, they're both proud, big-headed blokes. You both know what Vernon's like –" her dad snorted " – and James can be really nasty when he wants to –""Nasty?" said her father suddenly, straightening. "Lily, if he –""No, no, no," said Lily hastily, realizing how badly she'd worded that. "Merlin, that sounded wrong. James is very sweet and kind, and we're best friends, even before we started… you know… but he's not going to take an insult laying down, that's what I meant."When her father still looked reproachful, she sighed and said, "Look, Dad. James is one of the best people I know, and he's really protective of the people he cares about. He doesn't really understand the Muggle world – I mean, this world – and if you pair that with Vernon Dursley, who's probably the last person on earth James should be meeting…""It's a recipe for disaster," finished her dad grimly. "Yes, I see what you mean."Her family remained silent as Yukon Cornelius bid the world goodbye and fell off the cliff."Honestly, James, just calm down," implored Marlene as he paced around his room."I am calm," retorted James, trying to push his panic away.It was the 23rd of December, which meant that James would be going out to the Muggle world to have dinner with his scary girlfriend and her scary sister and her even scarier fiancé. The sky outside was cloudless and pink, and specks of dust seemed to dance in the shaft of the late-afternoon sunlight that slanted through the windows. Laying on the bed, watching him in apparent amusement, were Marlene and Sirius.Sirius snorted easily. "Bollocks. You're a nervous wreck, mate, and that's normal.""None of this is normal," said James flatly, ceasing his pacing and sitting down with them. "I'm going to Cokeworth, for Merlin's sake – what the bloody hell am I supposed to do?""What's so bad about Cokeworth?" asked Marlene.James groaned. "It's Muggle, Marly – I don't know the first thing about what Muggles do! I'm going to embarrass her for sure, what was I thinking?""Weren't you the one who hexed Bertram Aubrey because of something he said about disgusting Muggle dogs?"He rubbed circles around his forehead, trying to make his rather intense headache go away. Between Sirius and Marlene, he would be lucky to ever get anything done. Asking help from Remus was not an option, either – he'd left just a few hours ago, saying that he had important matters to attend to and would be back tomorrow morning.Sirius nudged him with his elbow. "A drink, that's what you need. You'll be back to your old self in no time, guaranteed.""I've had enough alcohol to last me the whole winter, Pads," mumbled James, which was true, since most of his nights were spent drinking firewhisky with Marlene and Sirius once they weren't under the watchful eye of his mother."Well, at least get her a gift, you'll look right stupid if you show up without one," said Marlene."But I've already got a Christmas present for her."Marlene appeared to be restraining herself from rolling her eyes."Not a Christmas present, you prat, I meant something separate," she said. "Something like flowers, or… or chocolate.""Yeah," muttered James, "Yeah… a gift…"He groaned again and sprawled on his back, staring blankly at his ceiling. A gift… what would Lily even like?Marlene snorted decisively as though she had heard his thoughts. "Don't go with flowers, though – I've heard firsthand from her that she's sick of getting flowers from boys.""If only Lily could see how desperate you are now," drawled Sirius. James ignored him."I've still got a box of Honeydukes, I'll give her that."Marlene nodded. "Everyone loves chocolate. And also, speaking of gifts – what did you get her for Christmas?"James glanced at his handsomely-wrapped package that was Lily's present, sitting on his desk. "I got her a watch."This time Marlene rolled her eyes disbelievingly. "A watch? Why in Merlin's bloody beard would you get her a watch?""I noticed she hasn't got one," said James defensively, "You know that old tradition where wizards and witches get watches for their seventeenth? I thought it would be nice, since she hasn't got any magical family, and it's even better because she won't be turning eighteen until the end of January! I've been planning this for weeks, I'm giving it to her."Marlene blinked. Perhaps, thought James, she hadn't considered the possibility that he would have put any thought into his gift."I guess if you put it that way…"Sirius beamed at him. "I think it's brilliant. You might even get to shag her, Prongs.""No," said James shortly, scowling at him. "Padfoot, I sometimes wish you didn't have a mouth."His tone of voice did nothing to wipe Sirius's cheeky smile off his face. When his mother called up to them, saying that she needed help with the Christmas tree, they all jumped up from his bed and made their way downstairs.An hour later, after double-checking that his gift had not, as he had thoroughly convinced himself, disappeared from the wrapping, and his box of Honeydukes' Best still remained unopened, he opened the door to his room to tell his parents that he was leaving. He was about to go down the stairs when Marlene's voice rang out suddenly from Sirius's room."You're meeting her in that?"James looked down automatically at his clothes. They looked fine to him; obviously, he wasn't going to win any beauty contests, but overall a nice warm jacket and a pair of trousers didn't seem to be cause for any reprimanding.James eyed her dubiously. "Why, what's wrong with it?"Sirius poked his head out from the doorframe, took one look at his clothes and promptly sniggered. "Prongs, I think you're forgetting that you're not just meeting her for a date, you're meeting her sister, too.""Well, what do you suggest I wear, then?" said James indignantly."I dunno," said Sirius, in a tone of voice that suggested he very well did know. "Just wear dress robes, like you would for any other date.""Wouldn't that stand out in the Muggle world?""No," said Marlene in a strangely composed voice. "I heard from Lily and Mary Macdonald that Muggles love to wear exotic clothing, you'll be every girl's wet dream."James snorted. "Appreciate the compliment, McKinnon. I'll go with dress robes."It was a mark of how nervous he was for the evening that he didn't hear two different howls of laughter come from the upper floor that shook the entire manor right before he left.Extremely sorry for the slow updates, this chapter was a breeze to write and due to that I've been putting it off for a couple of days. No excuses, just a lazy author. The next one I've started working on, it's still in its early stages so it probably won't be published until early November. Happy Halloween in advance!
