 At the granger house, July 25th 1991.Hermione Granger was in her bedroom and she was just finished her book. Hermione got off her bed and looked in the mirror at her brown bushy hair. Hermione often got teased for her hair and for how smart she was at school. Hermione always wished she could do something to make the teasing stop.The truth was, Hermione was not a normal girl. She often noticed how strange things seem to happen around her whenever she gets scared or angry.Like how at school, the bullies would often push her, make fun of her hair or call her a know it all.Hermione did not like it and it always made her angry when they did, or scared when they came near and she found that sometimes she would rip their pants open or send them flying into the air for a minute!Hermione often wondered how this was possible but could never think of a logical solution.Hermione's parents are dentists. Hermione's parents are the only people in her life that love her! Hermione loves them too just as much! But Hermione does often wish that she has at least one friend in the world. Everyone at school thinks she's just a bushy haired know it all. That makes Hermione really sad.Hermione is pulled out of her thoughts by her mother calling her."Hermione can you please come down here?"Hermione comes downstairs. She sees her mother and father and a much older woman that Hermione has never seen before."Hermione this is Professor Mcgonagall! She would like to talk to you about school in September" Said Mr Granger.Hermione smiled at Professor Mcgonagall."Hello Professor Mcgonagall!""Hello Mrs Granger. I am a teacher and deputy headmistress from a school called Hogwarts"Hermione felt confused. She had never heard of a school called Hogwarts. By the looks on her parents faces, they hadn't either."What part of the country is this school in?" Asked Mr Granger."Hogwarts is in Scotland. Hogwarts is not the kind of school I would expect you to have heard of. It is a school of witchcraft and wizardry"Nobody spoke for a few moments."Is this supposed to be funny?" Asked Mrs Granger."No. It is real. Tell me Hermione, has anything ever happened to you when you were angry or scared? Anything unusual that you just couldn't explain?" Asked Professor Mcgonagall.Hermione gaped! That was exactly true! All those times she had done something unexplainable to those bullies at school, she could not at all explain how it could have possibly happened!Hermione looked at her parents who looked quite suspicious after hearing this."How exactly do you know about this?" Asked Mr Granger."Because I am a witch. We have a ministry that watches on all magical children nearby"Hermione could not believe this for even a second! How was this possible though?"But there are no such things as witches or wizards!"Professor Mcgonagall smiled."That is what muggles are meant to think" Said Professor Mcgonagall."What's a muggle?" Asked Mrs Granger."It's a word for non magical people. Muggles are what you and your husband are""Can you show us some magic then?" Asked Mr Granger."Of course" Said Professor Mcgonagall.She took out a wand and turned the door into an apple! Then she turned it back into the door!"Wow!"Mr and Mrs Granger finally looked convinced."So if you are both ok with it and if Hermione would like to attend, there is a place available for her at Hogwarts"Hermione had a question."Will there be other students like me? Who have parents that are muggles?" Asked Hermione. She didn't want to be an odd one out like she had been at school her whole life."Yes. There is usually at least a handful of students in the school who are muggle born" Said Professor Mcgonagall.Hermione started to think this might be how she was different. Because she was a witch. Maybe at Hogwarts she could finally start to make some friends."Yes I would like to attend Hogwarts please"Well that's the end of chapter 1! Please review! Would love to know what you all think!! I am basing it off the movies because there are not enough movie based fics!! Also because movie Hermione is quite different and it seems that she takes certain things for granted in the movies but I want to show her true feelings about glossed over stuff like her relationship with her parents and how important Harry and Ron are to her.

Outside the leaky cauldron. 28th July 1991."Here we are Ms Granger. The Leaky Cauldron"Professor Mcgonagall had taken Hermione to Diagon Alley today. They were here to collect her school supplies. Hermione's parents couldn't come because they were at work.The Leaky Cauldron was barely noticeable but they went inside.It was full of witches and wizards! They were all wearing wizard robes but apart from that, they all looked amazingly normal!They were all wrapped up in their own conversations that they didn't notice Hermione or Professor Mcgonagall. Except for one. The barman."Ah Minerva! Gillywater I presume?"Hermione always found it weird hearing one of her teachers being called by their first name and today was no exception."Sorry Tom, today I'm only passing to Diagon Alley" Said Professor Mcgonagall.Tom nodded and we went through.Hermione was a little stunned to see a wall of bricks. But Professor Mcgonagall tapped some of the bricks with her wand.The wall moved apart and then there was a whole village of shops!"Welcome to Diagon Alley Ms Granger"As they walked through, Hermione was amazed! Professor Mcgonagall explained they were shops for spellbooks, potions, Wanda, school clothes, among other things! Including a sport called quidditch. Hermione found that least interesting though. She never liked sports and P.E was always her worst subject at school."This all looks amazing Professor! Where will we be going first?""We will stop at Gringotts first. That's the bank. You should know that it's run by goblins"Hermione gulped. Goblins? Luckily Professor Mcgonagall noticed."Don't worry. They won't hurt you"As they went into the bank, they went to the nearest Goblin."Good afternoon" Said the Goblin."Good afternoon to you too. We would like to exchange some muggle money please" Said Professor Mcgonagall.She handed him the money and they got some wizard money from him and thanked him and left.Hermione noticed that the money looked quite different compared to muggle money."Professor, what exactly is this money called?"She takes it out."Gallons, Knuts and sickles"She points to the right money as she says it.Hermione beams!"Well we might as well get your uniform now"They went into Madam Malkins.Hermione's school uniform consisted of some black robes, a black tie, a grey jumper, a white shirt, a grey skirt, a grey pair of knee high socks and a pair of black heels.As Professor Mcgonagall went up to pay, Hermione got changed and saw another girl about the same size as her. The girl walked up to her."Hello! I'm Fay Dunbar!""Hermione Granger!"Fay smiled."It's nice to meet you! Are you starting at Hogwarts this year too?""Yes I am! Professor Mcgonagall is helping me get my supplies for Hogwarts!" Said Hermione."Oh. Where are your parents? If you don't mind me asking""They had to work. I'm Muggle-born" Said Hermione." Sameee!!" Said Fay.Hermione couldn't believe it! Another Muggle-Born already!"That's amazing! I really wanted to meet another person with muggle parents!""Me too! My parents have done all this before! I have a sister named Lisa going into 3rd year! If you would like to sit together on the Hogwarts express she can tell us all about it!"Hermione's body was filled with excitement! She was going to make her first friend! She didn't think it would happen so fast!Someone knocked at the door and signalled for Fay to come out."Oh I gotta go. See you at school!""Bye!"Fay ran out the door.Professor Mcgonagall came over to her."Are you ready to go?"Hermione nodded and they left Madam Malkins.They got Hermione's books, potions stuff and then all that was left was the wand! Hermione was really looking forward to this!The wand shop was called Ollivander's."I'm afraid I won't be much help in this case Ms Granger. Would you like to try this yourself? Maybe have your first taste of your first solo experience in the wizarding world?" Asked Professor Mcgonagall.Hermione nodded and she was handed the money and went in.It was quite dark but an old man was there."Why hello there! I assume you are starting at Hogwarts this year?" He asked.Hermione nodded. She felt a bit shy on her own."My name is Hermione Granger?"The man looked interested."Could you at all be related to Hector Dagworth Granger?" Asked the man.That question took Hermione by surprise."Oh I don't think so. My parents are muggles"The man still looked interested."Well I assure you it could still be possible!"Hermione was very interested in knowing if this was true,"Anyway my name is Garrick Ollivander and I am a wandmaker! Shall we get started on the right wand for you?"Hermione nodded excitedly.Ollivander got a wand off the shelf and gave it to Hermione."Here you go!"Hermione waved the wand and a few shelves fell."Not to worry. There's a wand for everybody"He went to get another wand and handed it to Hermione. She waved that one and it seemed like it powered up by her touch! It made her bushy hair wave and get in her face until she pushed it out.Ollivander smiled."I think we found the wand for you Ms Granger! That's 8 sickles please!"Hermione paid and thanked him and left."How did it go?" Asked Professor Mcgonagall once she got outside."It was fine. I like my wand! Professor Mcgonagall, do you know if I am related to Hector Dagworth Granger?"Professor Mcgonagall was deep in thought for a second."I'm not sure. I can look into it if you like""Yes please if it isn't too much trouble"She nodded."I will do what I can. It's time to get you home. We can use something called Floo Powder to get you home. There is a chimney in the Leaky Cauldron. There will be Floo Powder there. If you take a handful after stepping in the chimney, you can say your address and drop the Powder and be transported home"Hermione smiled brightly."I would love to try that"Professor Mcgonagall nodded and they went to the Leaky Cauldron together. Soon they were at the chimney."Well goodbye Ms Granger. I shall see you at Hogwarts"Professor Mcgonagall smiled after saying that! The first time Hermione had seen her do that."Goodbye Professor Mcgonagall!"Hermione went into the chimney, got a handful of Floo Powder, said her address and dropped the powder and she was in green fire!! But immediately after she was back in her own chimney at home.Hermione got out of the chimney and smiled. It had been the best day ever!

1st September 1991.Author's note: I may make some minor changes in this story.Hermione woke up on the day to take the train to Hogwarts full lf excitement! It was 8:17am. It wouod be about an hour long drive to get to King's Cross Station. Hermione actually started to worry that they may not make it. She got dressed super quick and ran downstairs and was relieved to see her parents were already there. Fully dressed and eating breakfast."Morning love" Said Mr Granger."Did you run down the stairs Hermione?" Asked Mrs Granger.Hermione nodded."Yes. I know it's a long drive so I was worried we might miss the train"Mrs Granger smiled."Don't worry about that dear. We'll make it in plenty of time. You packed last night right?""Yes! I triple checked I had everything last night and I will check again after breakfast"They were at King's Cross at 10:20. They had her Trunk on a Trolley. They looked at Hermione's ticket. She had to get to platform 9 and 3/4. But there wasn't such a platform. There was just platform 9 and 10. In the middle there was only a brick wall.Then it hit Hermione!"I think platform 9 and 3/4 is through the wall. I think magic is how it works"Mr and Mrs Granger smiled but then they looked at the time."Uh oh we're gonna be late. Hermione we'll wait to see if you can go through the wall. Professor Mcgonagall said the train is right beside the platform sign"Hermione nodded but some tears came to her eyes. She was about to leave her parents until Christmas!She hugged and kissed both of her parents and they did the same."I love you guys!""We love you too Hermione!"They smiled at each other one more time and then Hermione ran through the brick wall to the other side! She saw a sign that said platform 9 and 3/4 and a train! It was the Hogwarts express!Hermione looked around and saw Fay Dunbar in a compartment before long! Fay saw her and smiled and motioned for her to come in. She did so and noticed there was another girl in there as well. A girl with a terrible case of acne but a very kind smile."Hermione this is Eloise Midgeon! Eloise this is Hermione Granger!" Said Fay.Eloise smiled."Nice to meet you Hermione!"Hermione smiled back."It's really nice to meet you as well Eloise"They shook hands and Fay smiled.Hermione went to open her trunk."What are you getting?" Asked Eloise."My Hogwarts unifrom. I want to change into it. I think I'll get my wand out as well and practice some more of the spells" Said Hermione."You've already started practising?" Asked a surprised Fay.Hermione nodded."Just a few simple ones"Both of the girls look really impressed. Hermione felt quite pleased with herself, not to mention very happy that she has made her first two friends!After Hermione got changed, another person came in who smiled at Fay."Hey Fay! Just came to check on you""Hey Lisa! This is Eloise and Hermione"Lisa smiled."Nice to meet you's! Well I'm gonna go back to my friends in my compartment. Come get me if you need me Fay. I'll check back later. See you""Bye" Said the three first years."So Hermione are you a muggle-born like Fay?" Asked Eloise."Yes I am! What about you?"" My parents are a witch and wizard but my Mum was muggle-born!"Hermione smiled."That's really cool! You both seem to know a good deal about the wizarding world!"She hoped she didn't sound jealous or anything, even though she was. But the way they looked at her made her feel that she did."Don't worry Hermione, yes we have heard quite a bit, but we can help you if you need it!" Said Fay."Yeah of course!"Hermione smiled at that. Then a boy with black hair came in."Hello I'm Neville Longbottom and I'm sorry to bother you but have you seen a toad? I've lost him"They shook their heads."We can help you look though" Said Eloise.They split up to cover the train faster. They spent a long time looking. Hermione looked around but found no toad. She then looked in a compartment that contained a boy with broken glasses and messy black hair and a red-haired boy with a wand and rat.She looked around but saw no toad and sighed."Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one""No" Saod the red-haired boy quite rudely in her opinion. But she was interested in the fact that he had his wand out. She hoped she didn't interrupt any magic."Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then!"She couldn't wait to see someone else do it.The boy coughed."Sunshine daisies, butter mellow, turn this stupid fat rat yellow"The spell made no effect whatsoever. Although he was quite funny!"Are you sure that's a real spell? Well it's not very good is it? Of course I've only tried a few simple ones myself" But they've all worked for me" Said Hermione as she took out her wand and sat across from the boy with glasses. She hoped they wouldn't mind."For example, Oculus Reparo"She cast the spell and his glasses were fixed. He was shocked and took them off."That's better isn't it?" Said Hermione.She realised who this boy was!"Holy cricket! You're Harry Potter! I'm Hermione Granger. And you are?" She asked the other boy."Um Ron Weasley""Pleasure"It wasn't entirely a pleasure though. He spoke with his mouth full. But there was something about him that made Hermione get a feeling in the pit of her stomach."You two had better change into robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon"As she stood up to leave, she stopped and looked back at Ron."You've got dirt on your nose by the way. Did you know? Just there" She said as she tapped the right side.He rubbed it and looked at her funny. She then left.She found Neville."Any luck finding him Neville?"Neville sadly shook his head."I asked the train driver though and he said he'll look for him once everyone is off the train!" Said Neville.They got off the Hogwarts express when it stopped and Hermione saw that everyone was now in their school uniform. Hermione was glad for that! Now everyone was looking very smart and presentable.A very large man showed up with a lantern."Firs' years this way. Don't be shy. Come on now hurry up. Hello Harry""Hey Hagrid!" Said Harry."Woahhh" Said Ron.Harry and this Hagrid man must know each other."Ok this way to the boats, come on now. Follow me"They all followed him and got into a boat."You wanna get in with us Hermione?"Hermione turned around and saw it was Fay that said that. By us she meant her, Eloise and Neville.They all shared a boat and got their first sight of Hogwarts! It was amazing!They all walked up some stairs in the castle and Hermione smiled when she saw Professor Mcgonagall."Welcome to Hogwarts. Now in a few moments you will pass through this door and join your classmates, but before you can take your seats, you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin"Hermione hoped she'd get Gryffindor. It sounded the best! Dumbledore himself was one!"At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup..""TREVOR"Neville ran to pick up a toad! He found him at last! Professor Mcgonagall was not impressed."Sorry"Neville walked back to his standing spot."The sorting ceremony will begin momentarily"Professor Mcgonagall walked off. Then a boy with blond hair spoke up."It's true then. What they were saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts"Everyone was shocked but happy. Neville even whispered "Harry Potter!"Hermione didn't like this blond-haired boy but he spoke again."This is Crabbe and Goyle, and I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy" He said as he walked up to Harry.Ron laughed at that name."Think my name's funny do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair and a hand me down robe? You must be a Weasley!"Hermione's eyes widened. She was feeling a bit guilty because she had thought that he had done something childish to his robes to mess them up. His family was poor though. Hermione felt bad for him.Draco turned back to Harry,"You'll soon find out some wizard families are better than others Potter. You don't want to go and make friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there"He held out a hand."I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself thanks" Said Harry coldly.Draco looked mad but then Professor Mcgonagall luckily came back and tapped him hard on the shoulder."We're ready for you now. Follow me"They went into a kitchen of some sort. There were tables and plates and other students and staff there! It looked amazing. Hermione looked up at the ceiling and saw Fay beside her."It's not real the ceiling. It's just bewitched to look like the night sky. I've read about it in Hogwarts: A history"Fay smiled at hearing that.They walked for a bit longer and saw a very old hat on a stool."Now will you wait along here please? Now before we begin, Professor Dumbledore would like to say a few words" Said Professor Mcgonagall.Professor Dumbledore stood up. He was wearing a hat and had a very long beard."I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce. The first years please note, the dark forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also our caretaker Mr Filch has asked me to remind you, that the third floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you"He sat back down. That was quite an odd speech!"Now when I call your name, you will come forward, I shall place the sorting hat on your head and you will be sorted into your houses" Said Professor Mcgonagall.This was it! Hermione felt excited yet terrified."Hermione Granger"Hermione did not expect her name to be first and was now very nervous."Oh no. Okay relax" She told herself. She sat on the stool and the sorting hat went on her head. Then it spoke to her!"Hmm bright then. Hmm right. Okay. Gryffindor"Hermione was so happy! She was in Gryffindor. All the Gryffindors were cheering for her and that made her even happier and ran to sit down next to a tall boy. Fay's sister Lisa offered her a fist bump which Hermione returned. Nobody ever fist bumped her before.Malfoy went to Slytherin. A girl named Susan Bones went to Hufflepuff. Ron went to Gryffindor as well which did make her happy. The feeling in her stomach was still there.Harry got sorted into Gryffindor as well! So did Fay and Eloise! Soon the sorting was finished and Hermione was feeling hungry. Professor Mcgonagall called for their attention. Professor Dumbledore stood up and said "Let the feast begin"Food appeared out of nowhere and it all looked so delicious! Hermione's eyes did not deceive her! The food tasted very good.They all started to talk about their families. Hermione was relieved to hear that nobody minded that she was muggle-born. She heard Harry talking to the tall boy. His name was Percy. They were talking about teachers. Then a ghost popped up from under the table! He welcomed them to Gryffindor.Then some more ghosts showed up."Hello Sir Nicholas! Have a nice summer?" Percy asked the ghost."Dismal as once again my request to join the headless hunt has been denied"Before he could leave Ron spoke."I know you. You're nearly headless Nick""I prefer Sir Nicholas if you don't mind"That confused Hermione."Nearly headless? How can you be nearly headless?""Like this"Sir Nicholas pulled most of his head off! Someone had failed to behead him! It was quite disgusting. Then he left.Percy led the first year Gryffindors all the way to their common room. The grand staircase likes to change it's direction and the portraits move!They soon got to another protrait of a fat lady in a pink dress."Password?""Caput draconis" Said Percy,She let them in."Follow me everyone. Keep up. Quickly come on. Gather around here. Welcome to the Gryffindor common room"It looked very warm and cosy."The boys dormitory is upstairs and down to your left. Girls, the same on your right. You'll find all your belongins have already been brought up"The girls and boys parted ways.The girls dormitory has 6 beds for six girls! Hermione, Fay, Eloise, and 3 other girls. Lavender Brown, Parvati Patil and Padma Patil.They all exchanged pleasantries. They all seemed very nice.Hermione smiled. She is certain she is going to love it here at Hogwarts!Author's note: I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. Some changes I am making is have Hermione have a bit of her own life with her room-mates. I will make Hermione get along with Lavender and Parvati better than she did in the books. Also to those who may be wondering, since Padma is a Gryffindor in the movies, I am making her one in this fic since the movie version is the one I'm doing!Please review everyone!

Author's note: I'm gonna have Lavender get along in these stories! But they're rivalry thing in Half blood lrince will happen. Doesn't mean they can't get along after if they had a long talk!September 2nd 1991.Hermione woke up the next morning at 5am. Breakfast was at 6:30-8:30 so Hermione had another hour and a half to wait. She got out her transfiguration book and gave it a read while waiting for breakfast. It really was a very interesting read. Transfiguration was one of the subjects she was looking forward to the most! That, along with Defence against the dark arts, Charms, Potions, Herbology, History of Magic and Astromony! So basically all lessons! Well except for flying lessons.Hermione is now thinking about her room-mates and hopes she'll get along with them! She didn't want to be alone here. It was different compared to a muggle school. She couldn't go home to her parents in the evenings after a bad day of school. Well Hermione is going to try her best.Hermione decides to get dressed and read downstairs in the common room. She sits in the big comfy chair by the fireplace. By 6:15 she heard someone talk."Good morning!"Hermione turned around and saw Lavender. She had a bright smile."Oh hello!"Hermione got off the chair and put her book down. It's time to put operation: Make friends into action."What are you reading?" Asked Lavender.Hermione showed her the book."Oh cool it's the transfiguration book! Anyway do you wanna go to breakfast. I think the others are gonna sleep for a bit more but I'm not tired"Hermione smiled and nodded. They left the Gryffindor Common Room and walked down to the great hall."So are you excited about Hogwarts?" Lavender asked once they were halfway down the grand staircase."Oh yes it really does seem like it will be lovely. I've read so much about it!"Hermione talked for a while about all the books she's read on magic."Wow you really know your stuff!" Said a very impressed Lavender.Hermione smiled."You must be really smart!"Hermione's smile grew. Aww that was so kind."Thank you!" Said Hermione."No problem!"Their first class was transfiguration. After breakfast they went to get their stuff. When they were almost there, Lavender asked Hermione a question."So Hermione do you wanna sit with me in Transfiguration?"Hermione beamed. So far making friends was going really well!"Yes I'd love to!"They got to the transfiguration classroom and sat at the front of the room. Professor Mcgonagall was waiting for them."I didn't introduce myself properly. I am Professor Mcgonagall. I am your transfiguration professor and your head of house. Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts. Anyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back. You have been warned"Professor Mcgonagall stared at them all for a few moments. Everyone seemed a little uncomfortable but Hermione was impressed that she could keep a class quiet."I would like you all to take these notes down"She pointed to a blackboard and everyone took down the writing on it. She then out of nowhere impressed them all by turning into a cat!Hermione was almost finished when Harry and Ron came in. Hermione rolled her eyes at how late they were."Phew. Made it. Can you imagine the look on old Mcgonagall's face if we were late?" Asked Ron.Hermione was disgusted at his rudeness and Professor Mcgonagall then turned back into a human, much to Hermione's amusement.Harry and Ron were very shocked."That was bloody brilliant!""Well thank you for that assessment Mr Weasley. Perhaps it would be more useful if I were to transfigure Mr Potter and yourself into a pocket watch? That way one of you might be on time" Said Professor Mcgonagall."We got lost" Said Harry."Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats?"Professor Mcgonagall went back to her desk and Harry and Ron sat down.After about 15 minutes, everyone was finished and Professor Mcgonagall gave everyone a match to turn into a needle. Hermione did it easily! But nobody else managed it before the lesson ended. Professor Mcgonagall showed it to everyone and gave Hermione a rare smile."Good job on the Match!" Said Lavender with a grin, as they were packing up to go.Hermione smiled back brightly! She really was beginning to like Lavender.It was a good first week! Hermione sat with Lavender in most classes, apart from when Lavender got to a class first. On Friday it was time for the first ever Potions class this year. Hermione got to potions class after Lavender because she forgot her potions book somehow. So was sitting beside Fay. Hermione took a seat next to Harry. Professor Snape came in. According to Lavender he was quite mean to anyone outside of Slytherin."There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion making. However, for those select few who possess the predisposition,"Snape was looking at Draco as he said that. Draco was smiling. Hermione did not like that boy. He was rude and disrespectful. Snape spoke again."I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper in death"This man definitely knew what he was doing."Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in posession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to not pay attention"Snape was looking at Harry, who was writing. Hermione nudged at him and he stopped.Snape continued to look at Harry."Mr Potter. Our new celebrity. Tell me what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" Asked Snape.Hermione put up her hand straight away. She knew this! Harry shook his head."You don't know? Well let's try again. Where Mr Potter would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar?" Asked Snape.Hermione put up her hand again. She knew this too! But Harry didn't."I don't know sir""What is the difference between Monkshood and Wolfsbane?" Snape asked again.Hermione kept her hand in the air. She knew that answer too."I don't know sir" Said Harry again."Pity. Clearly fame isn't everything is it Mr Potter?"Hermione thought that was uncalled for."Clearly Hermione knows. It seems a pity not to ask her!" Said Harry.People laughed at that. Hermione was a little embarrassed but pleased that Harry Potter was certain that she knew the answer."Silence" Said Snape. He walked down to them."Put your hand down you silly girl"Hermione put her hand down and wasn't happy."For your information Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the draught of the living death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for Monkshood and Wolfsbane, they are the same plant which also goes by the name of aconite"Hermione knew all of that but didn't say anything."Well why aren't you all copying this down?" Asked Snape.Everyone got to work straight away as Snape went back to his desk."And Gryffindors, note that 5 points will be taken from your house. For your classmate's cheek"Hermione didn't like that. They had lost 5 whole points and it was only the end of the first week!"Well I think I know my favourite and least favourite professor here" Said Hermione.She and Lavender were coming back from dinner."Let me guess, Mcgonagall for favourite and Snape for least favourite?"Hermione nodded. Lavender looked concerned."Are you ok?"Hermione didn't answer. She was still a little upset with what Snape said."What's wrong?"Hermione sighed before answering."It's what Professor Snape said about me being a silly girl""Oh come one you shouldn't let a jerk like him get you down. You're far from silly. You are the smartest girl I met without a doubt. I think he just had it out for Harry and you got caught in the crossfire" Said Lavender.Hermione smiled. No child ever complimented her before."You ok now?" Asked a smiling Lavender."Yes thank you lavender!""No problem!"The two girls hugged each other. Hermione is glad that she made friends with Lavender.Author's note: I hope you like this chapter! Please review and let me know what you think of Hermione and Lavender's friendship so far.

Author's note: Throughout this story, I will be putting Hermione's dorm-mates in certain scenes she wasn't in. I've decided to have Hermione and Lavender getting along actually be Hermione getting along with all of her room-mates. I decided to hsve Hermione and Lavender be super close but I'm gonna change that to Hermione being close with them all but they are all closer with each other.Hermione woke up very nervous on the 2nd Thursday of September. This was the day of their first flying lessons. Hermione was nervous because it sounded like the P.E of the wizarding world. Flying lessons had to be just as bad if not worse. You couldn't be good flying from books. Hermione looked up Quidditch books in the Library but it didn't give details on how to fly. Just Quidditch. Quidditch was a sport so there was no way Hermione would like it.Lavender, Parvati, Padma, Fay and Eloise were so excited to learn how to fly. They woke up with smiles."How can you all be so excited about flying?" Hermione demanded. How could anyone be excited about something like this when they could be doing something productive."Come on Hermione! Flying is gonna be loads of fun! It'll be great to be outside!" Said Fay."I'm not really an outdoor person""You'll be fine! Let's say you're not great at flying. At least you'll have a challenge right!" Asked Lavender.Hermione shook her head."I don't want a challenge. I want all teachers to be proud of me"None of them had any response to that. Apart from Parvati."Let's just get some breakfast. That'll calm your nerves and take your mind off flying"Parvati's offer didn't really work. She was slightly less nervous about flying but still really nervous! However she was distracted by Seamus continuously saying "Eye of rabbit, Harp string hum. Turn this water into Rum"She and Lavender were sitting across from Harry and Ron."What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water?" Harry asked Ron.Hermiome thought it was pretty obvious but Ron explained before she could."Turn it into Rum. He actually managed a weak tea yesterday. Before.."BOOM!The water exploded in Seamus's face and smoke was everywhere. Hermione didn't like the smell. Lavender was giggling lretty hard though. Hermione thought this laughter was quite immature but didn't say anything.Ron looked up at the ceiling."Aw! Mail's here"Several owls had flown in and were delivering mail to students. Hermione got one from home. So did Lavender. Ron got a letter and today's issue of the daily prophet. Harry asked to borrow the paper.Hermione opened her letter but before she could read it Dean said something."Hey look. Neville's got a rememberall"Hermione looked in Neville's direction and saw that he did indeed have one."I've read about those! When the smoke turns red, it means you've forgotten something" Said Hermione."The only problem is I can't remember what I've forgotten"Hermione pointed to her dress robes. Neville wasn't wearing his. His eyes widened and he smiled and left.Harry looked deeply interested in the paper."Hey Ron. Somebody broke into Gringotts. Listen. Believed to be the work of dark wizards or witches unknown, Gringotts goblins while acknowledging the breach, insist nothing was taken. The vault in question, number 713" had in fact been emptied earlier that very same day. That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to"Hermione found that very suspicious. She also saw Harry and Ron look straight at her. For a second it felt like there was something between them. But it was gone in a second after they turned away. Then Hermione turned to the letter from her parents."Dear Hermione,We are glad Hogwarts seems to be going really well for you. We are really happy to hear you have made some friends at Hogwarts. Maybe we could invite them over during the Christmas holidays one day?Take care and work hard and have fun!Lots of love from Mum and Dad"Flying today was at the back of Hermione's head most of the time. Hermione took comfort in the fact that she wasn't the only nervous one though. Neville felt nervous himself. He said his Grandmother never let him near a broomstick. Neville was quite clumsy so that was understandable. Hermione told Neville about how nervous she was as well at the end of Defence against the dark arts."Well it's nice to know someone else is nervous! It's pretty helpful actually to know that the smartest girl in the year can get nervous" Said Neville with a kind smile.Hermione smiled back. She felt happy that Neville thought she was the smartest girl in the year.Later that day, after classes ended, she walked with the girls to the courtyard where they would be practising flying."Finally! I've wanted to do this ever since Lisa sent me an owl in her first year and started talkimg about flying lessons!" Said Fay.The rest of them were talking excitedly and Hermione wished she was excited like them.They got there and soon enough all Gryffindor's and Slytherin's were there. A few minutes after that, Madam Hooch showed up."Good afternoon class""Good afternoom Madam Hooch""Good afternoon Amanda, good afternoon. Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well what are you waiting for? Everyone step up to the left side of their broom"They all did so."Come on now hurry up. Stick your right hand over the broom and say up!"Everyone tried it. Harry's broom went straight into his hand. Hermione stared at him for a second. Draco's broom flew up as well. Hermione's broom would only roll over. Ron's wouldn't move for ages. When it eventually did, it hit him in the face.All of the girls in the dorm got it in just a few tries.Hermione was feeling really insecure now. Eventually she got it though. Draco seemed to notice it took ages though and smirked at her."Ignore him" Said Lavender."Now. Once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it. Grip it tight. You don't want to be sliding off the end. When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground hard, keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle, 3, 2," Said Madam Hooch before blowing her whistle.Neville's broom just rose into the air and flew really high. Neville started screaming!"Mr Longbottom!" Madam hooch kept repeating. One time she said "Come back down this instant!"His broom was out of control and he flew around the courtyard and then he hung off a statue's sword while his broom flew away.Hermione hoped to god he wouldn't fall.Then he did fall! He fell and his robe hung on the sword and he hung off a torch and then Smack!He hit the ground. Hermione wanted to check on him but Madam hooch told everyone to move while she did it."Is he alright?" Hermione whispered to Lavender."I hope so" Said Lavender. She looked quite concerned.Neville said "Ow" a few times while Madam hooch kneeled down and looked at his wrist."Oh dear a broken wrist. Poor boy. Come on now up you get. Now everyone is to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand? If I see a single broom in the air, the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say Quidditch"Hermione had no plans to move now until Madam Hooch came back. Then she saw Draco had gotten Neville's rememberall."Did you see his face? Maybe if the fat lump had given this a squeeze, he'd have remembered to fall on his fat Arse"Hermione glared at that jerk. All Slytherins laughed."Give it here Malfoy"Hermione saw that it was Harry who said that. Hermione was surprised. He was definitely brave.Draco turned around."No. I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find"He flew into the air, completely disregarding the rules and looked down at them all."What's the matter Potter? A bit beyond your reach?"Harry got angry and went on his broom! No! He could not cost them more points."Harry no way! You heard what Madam Hooch said. Besides, you don't even know how to fly!" Hermione pointed out reasonably.Harry ignored her and just flew up."What an idiot" Said Hermione. Even though she was impressed at how well he flew.Harry and Draco were arguing and then Draco threw the rememberall. Harry flew and caught it! That was brilliant! On the first day! Hermione couldn't deny that Harry had flying talent.Harry flew back down triumphantly and Hermione couldn't help but join in everyone else in cheering for him and running to him."Harry Potter!"Everyone turned around and saw Professor Mcgonagall come out."Follow me"Harry followed her to who knows where. Hermione was certain he was going to be expelled. Hermione actually feels sorry for him.Some news had travelled pretty fast the next day. Harry hadn't been expelled. He was made seeker for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Hermione wasn't sure how to feel about that. He had broken rules but he had proven some flying talent and done something Gryffindor like. He definitely belonged here. Hermione is considering giving him and Ron a chance."That's pretty cool about Harry being on the team isn't it?" Padma asked Hermione.Hermione quite liked Padma. She was more like her than the rest of them. She was academic like Hermione and wasn't into gossip as much. She also did a fair bit of reading. But she also was a giggler like the rest of them."Yes it is impressive" Said Hermione."Do you wanna go outside to do some homework? It's so beautiful out"Hermione smiled."Sure"They grabbed their books and went out into a courtyard to do Charms homework. But after a few minutes, she saw Harry and Ron come out."Sorry Padma I have to do something"Hermione went over to talk and try to make friends with them."But I've never even played Quidditch. What if I make a fool of myself?" Asked Harry."You won't make a fool of yourself. It's in your blood" Said Hermione.They could not look anymore confused."This way" Said Hermione.She lead them to the trophy room. She saw Harry's dad mentioned in their yesterday when she went to take a look. She pointed to the name James Potter when they got there."Woah! Harry, you never told me your father was a seeker too!" Said an amazed Ron."I.. didn't know" Said Harry.Hermione felt bad that he didn't know stuff about his own father."Let's go" Said Hermione.They left the trophy room. They went up the grand staircase."I'm telling you it's spooky. She knows more about you than you do!" Said Ron."Who doesn't?' Asked Harry.Hermione was about to ask what he meant but then the staircase moved."Woah! What's happening?" Asked Harry."It's the staircases change. Remember?"The staircase stopped. They saw a door."Let's go this way" Said Harry."Before the staircase moves again" Said Ron.They went inside and all too late, Hermione realised they were in the 3rd floor! The forbidden floor!It was very creepy."Does anybody feel like we shouldn't be here?" Asked Ron."We're not supposed to be here. This is the third floor! It's forbidden!" Said Hermione.A torch lit suddenly."Let's go" Said Harry. But right after that they heard a meowing! They turned around and saw Mrs Norris."It's Filch's cat!" Said Hermione."Run" Said Harry.They ran as fast as they could. Then they saw a door."Quick! Let's hide through that door!" Said Harry.He tried to open it but then gave some bad news."It's locked!""That's it! We're done for" Said a panicked Ron."Oh move over. Alohamora" Cast Hermione to unlock the door."Get in" Said Hermione.They got in and Ron closed the door."Alohamore?" Ron asked."The standadd book of spells chapter 7"They heard Filch tell his cat to come on. He left right after."Filch is gone""He probably thinks this door is locked" Said Ron."It was locked" Hermione reminded him."And for good reason" Said Harry.Hermione froze! There was a dog standing on a trapdoor! A dog with 3 heads!It growled at them and they screamed and bolted and tried to close the door as hard as they could! They eventually did and rsn for their lives.Hermione had never been so scared in her life and was so glad that was over.They finally got back to Gryffindor tower and climbed up the steps to the dormitories."What do they think they're doing? Keeping a thing like that, locked up in a school" Said Ron who clearly wasn't paying attention."You don't use your eyes do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on?"Ron looked ar Hermione like she was crazy."I wasn't looking at it's feet. I was a bit preoccupied with it's heads. Or maybe you didn't notice, there were 3!""It was standing on a trapdoor which means it wasn't there by accident. It's guarding something" Said Hermione.Harry and Ron looked back at her."Guarding something?" Asked Harry."That's right. Now if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed. Or worse expelled!"Hermione went into the girls dormitory without another word.Hermione refused to speak to Harry or Ron after that. They were not her type of people. She was happy with her dorm-mates even though none of them would be her best friend and she would actually quite like one. Everyone made it seem so fun to have that one person to always talk to. But maybe Hermione could still find one!When Halloween came, in Charms class they started learning how to make things fly. Professor Flitwick was going tp teach them the Levitation Charm."One of the wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation or the ability to make objects fly. Now do you have your feathers?"Hermione showed him hers."Good! Now don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practising. The Swish and Flick! Everyone?"Everyone said it and did the movement."Good! Oh and enunciate Wingardium Leviosa! Off you go then"Everyone tried it and Hermione watched Ron do it, who was sitting beside her."Wingardium Leviosar"Ron moved his wand harshly."Stop stop stop! You're going to take someone's eye out. Besides you're saying it wrong. It's Leviosa not Leviosar"Ron didn't appreciate that like Hermione thought he would."You do it then if you're so clever. Go on. Go on"Hermione decided to do just that."Wingardium Leviosa"Hermione levitated her feather very high! Professor Flitwick was very impressed."Oh well done! See here everyone? Ms Granger's done it! Splendid! Well done dear!Hermione smiled smugly at Ron, who sulked.Seamus tried it and BOOM!Another explosion."I think we're going to need another feather over here Professor" Said Harry.After class ended, Ron walked on ahead with Harry, Seamus and Dean."It's Leviosa! Not Leviosar!" Said Ron.Hermione didn't like hearing this."She's a nightmare honestly!"Hermione could feel tears coming out now!"No wonder she hasn't got any friends!"Hermione burst into tears and started crying. She bumped past Ron and walked off. She was determined to now hold in the tears until she was alone.This was the worst day ever. She couldn't go to classes. She just headed straight for the Girl's bathroom, went into a stall and started crying again.Hearing that she had no friends hurt really bad! Was it true? Did the other girls really not see her as a friend? Did they only let her hang out cause they felt bad for her? Hermione thought she'd finally make friends at Hogwarts. Maybe she was wrong.The thought of that made Hermione's crying get even worse! She had no idea how long it went on for but she didn't care. Eventually someone came into the bathroom."Hermione?"That was Parvati. She knocked on the door."Hermione are you ok?"Hermione kept crying and didn't answer."Hermione will you come out please?"Hermione still didn't answer. She heard Parvati sigh and leave.Hermione was still crying for about 30 more minutes and then controlled herself. She decided to go. She opened the door and came out and closed it. She wiped her eyes and then froze!There was a fully grown mountain troll in the bathroom!Hermione backed away and then ran right back into the stall.The Troll destroyed every stall with one hit of his club! That made Hermione scream and fall. Then some debris fell on her. Then Harry and Ron came in!"Hermione move!" Said Harry.She crawled away while Harry and Ron threw debris at the Troll. Ron yelled "Hey Pea brain!" but the Troll saw Hermione crawl under the sink and it destroyed it. The glass missed Hermione but not by a lot'"Help!"Harry took out his wand and jumped on the Troll's back! Then it tried to shake Harry off and he shoved his wand up it's nose!"Ew" Said Ron.Hermione agreed it was gross. Then the Troll grabbed Harry and tried to hit him with it's club!"Do something!" Harry said to Ron.Ron looked around hopelessly."What?""Anything! Hurry up!"Ron took out his wand. Hermione remembered charms class."Swish and flick" She said."Wingardium Leviosa!" Said Ron.It worked this time! The club levitated into the air and then hit the Troll on the head'"Cool!" Said Ron.The Troll dropped Harry and he got out of the way and got up just in time as the Troll passed out.Hermione then got up and walked over to the troll."Is it dead?" She asked."I don't think so. Just knocked out" Said Harry.Harry got his wand out of the Troll's nose. It was gross!"Ugghh! Troll bogies"Professors Mcgonagall, Quirrell and Snape came in and looked shocked."Oh my goodness! Explain yourselves both of you!" Mcgonagall demanded to Harry and Ron.Hermione couldn't let them get in trouble so decided to be brave and be a Gryffindor for the first time and take blame."It's my fault Professor Mcgonagall"Everyone looked at Hermione in shock."Ms Granger?" Asked Mccgonagall."I went looking for the Troll. I read about them and thought that I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn't come and found me, I'd probably be dead" Said Hermione.Hermione knew she definitely would be dead. She was very Grateful to Harry and Ron."Be that as it may, It was an extremely foolish thing to do. I expected more rational behaviour on your part and I am very disappointed in you Ms Granger! 5 points will be taken from Gryffindor for your serious lack of judgement" Said Mcgonagall.Hermione hung her head. Feeling close to tears again. She had never been in trouble before.Then Mcgonagall turned to Ron and Harry."As for you two gentlemen, I just hope you realise how fortunate you are. Not many first year students could take on a fully grown mountain troll and live to tell the tail. 5 points, will be awarded to each of you"That was some good news and Hermione was happy for them. She didn't feel tears coming on anymore."For sheer dumb luck" Finished Mcgonagall as she left. Snape left right after her."P.. perhaps you ought to go. It m..might wake up!" Said Quirrell.The three of them left. Hermione found she couldn't look at them. She felt guilt that they almost died trying to save her."Good of you to get us out of trouble like that!" Said Harry."Mind you we did save her life" Said Ron.Hermione felt she owed them that much after they saved her."Mind you she might not have needed saving if you hadn't insulted her" Said Harry.Hermione felt quite grateful to Harry for being the first person to ever defend her like that.Ron turned to Hermione and said something Hermione didn't think he would ever say to her."What are friends for?"He smiled at Hermione who smiled right back. Ron called her a friend.When they got back to the common room, Ron apologised and said he didn't mean anything he said and then Hermione did for being annoying and bossy (which she is starting to realise that's how she was) they asked her if she wants to be their friend. Hermione said yes immediately!The next week after that had been the best week of Hermione's life! The three of them always sat together in lessons, at breakfast, in the common room and they always had fun together! Ron and Harry even introduced Hermione to Hagrid. He was lovely! Hermione told them after that week that she considered them her best friends. They said the same! Hermione had known for almost the whole week they were her best friends because knew she would do anything for them! Platonically, she loved them!Coming to Hogwarts was definitely the best decision Hermione had ever made!Author's note: My longest chapter in this story so far! Please review! I hope you enjoyed this chapter!
