It was all supposed to end here. Harry was letting himself be killed by the Dark Lord. And in truth, he didn't care anymore either. His life had been so much of a living hell that he just didn't see the point in living anymore. He wanted no more of it.But a short time later after being hit by Voldemort's killing curse, Harry woke up to a bright, yet not blinding white light. Slowly, after his view came into focus, he stood up."I suppose this is magical heaven," he muttered as he began looking around the area."You would be correct... in a sense," a male voice suddenly said from above.Upon hearing this, Harry instantly jerked his head in the direction of the voice. He saw what looked something like his father slowly descending toward the ground in front of him. But that couldn't be right, could it?"D-dad?" Harry uttered out as the man landed gently in front of him.Getting a better look, Harry, for some reason, felt that the man actually looked more like... himself rather than James. That is, if he was just a couple years older. And in a lot better shape."I'm sorry, I'm not James Potter," the man said. "I'm actually you. The you that Harry James Potter was truly meant to be.""W-what?" Harry asked in disbelief.Author's Note:I have already decided on who will become Harry's girlfriend, but it won't be revealed until much later. This will NOT be a harem fic though.

Harry could not feel more confused right about now. So here he was in what was "in a sense" magical heaven and there was some sort of being now standing in front of him who looked like an older and healthier version of himself."Of course, it's entirely natural to not be aware of what's going on right now," the other Harry said. "But I will just go ahead and assure you right now that meeting me will be the best thing that has ever happened to you.""What exactly are you? Where did you come from?" the normal Harry asked in quick succession."Well, younger Harry, to put it simply," the older Harry began. "I come from an alternate universe where you are given the right to live your life your way. What you see before you is a manifestation of that."Harry wasn't sure what to say. However, he began to sense something inside of him. This something was nagging forcefully at Harry, telling him to just trust in what this being was saying. Unable to ask any other questions, he spoke:"Okay, so what are you doing here? Is there something you want of me?""Yes. I come so that you too may get a second chance. I'm here to provide you a way to live your own life your way. Happy, healthy, strong, smart, handsome, everything you could possibly want."

Harry said nothing as his older counterpart spoke. In truth, although much of what was apparently being promised was stuff Harry wanted, some of what this counterpart of his was promising was stuff Harry would be perfectly fine without. He didn't need more aspects about him that drew attention to himself.As if reading his mind, the older Harry spoke again. "Like I said, you would be the one to take control of your life. It would be a journey, but..."Seeing younger Harry's growing skepticism and confusion, older Harry decided on a different approach."What I'm essentially saying is that you would go back in time to when you were about to start Hogwarts, but with the knowledge of the past seven years of your life. Having that knowledge, you would already be well aware ahead of time of what's coming and take control of your destiny," older Harry explained, hoping this was easy enough to understand.Harry wasn't sure he liked the sound of that very much. The last seven years of his life contained a lot more bad than good. He highly doubted simply being aware of what was to come would help him to live a better life. But that same nagging feeling in his head was just screaming at him that he should go along with this. After thinking about it a little bit, he nodded."I will go through with this. I mean, what do I have to lose at this point," he said, though the skepticism was still there.AU Harry smiled. "You are making the right decision, Harry. Now, if you would be willing to walk with me for a bit, I have some very crucial information you will need to hear before I send you on your way."

As Harry walked alongside his apparent AU self, the only thing he could notice aside from seemingly as though he was walking inside a cloud were transparent black pillars lined up on either side of the "pathway". The bland scenery allowed Harry little distraction while he was to listen to what his other self had to say."Now, fellow Harry, this first thing I'm about to tell you is something you will definitely not like hearing," AU Harry began. "As such, I want you to drink this before I tell you."He handed Canon Harry a small blue vial. Canon Harry eyed it warily, swishing the liquid that was inside around."What is this?" he asked."It is a potion that will keep you from experiencing any emotions," AU Harry answered.Harry didn't need to be told twice that he should drink this. He was so sick of negative emotions, and of course, he was apparently about to hear some more bad news. He popped the top off the vial and drank the potion in one swift gulp.After about fifteen seconds, all of Harry's emotions were gone. All he could feel now was that he was able to think very clearly. He looked up at his AU self with a now emotionless mask."Excellent," AU Harry said with a grin. "Now let's begin."

"Okay," AU Harry said, preparing himself. "The first thing we need to talk about is... Professor Dumbledore.""Dumbledore, huh?" Canon Harry said uncaringly. "What about him?""Out of all those who meddled in your life to cause it to become what it is now, Dumbledore played the biggest part in it," AU Harry told his canon counterpart. "The reason for a good part of your circumstances, and for why you went through much of the torture you endured in your years, was because Dumbledore was using all this to help "mold" you into the kind of person he wanted you to be."As AU Harry continued to monitor Canon Harry's expression, he was both impressed and relieved by how well the emotion-cancelling potion was working. He was sure there was no way he'd finish this conversation if it didn't.However, even that didn't stop Harry from saying this: "But Albus Dumbledore is the greatest wizard I had ever known. Why would he do something like this?""Why would he leave you with the abusive Dursleys? Remember that he even told you at the end of fifth year that he knew that he was subjecting you to ten dark and difficult years. Furthermore, why would he allow you to go through the bad things that happened to you during your years of school?" AU Harry said. He then flicked his wand. "Also, there's this."Suddenly, canon Harry began to hear the conversation Severus Snape and Dumbledore had, starting from where Snape had just learned that Dumbledore had raised Harry "as a pig for slaughter".Finally, after a few moments of mulling over everything he was being told, Harry saw the truth in his counterparts words. AU Harry at this point was honestly amused that Harry was still showing no emotion. Nonetheless, he was glad that he was able to show Harry the truth.But he wasn't done yet.

Even though Harry could not experience any emotions, that didn't stop him from saying a few choice words."That old, manipulative little (censored)!""Exactly," AU Harry said, more loudly than he intended to. "And he's not the only one who was involved. Some of those in your 'true family': the Weasleys, were an active part in Dumbledore's plans.""Let me guess... Ron is one of them?" Harry asked.AU Harry nodded. "I'm impressed. And yes. Ron is one of them. Not all of the Weasleys were in on all this, but some, including both Ron and Ginny, were.""What a surprise," Canon Harry said with emotionless sarcasm. Of course it would be the Weasleys Harry had had the most interaction with. That was just his luck. "You know, thanks to this potion you gave me, I've never been able to think more clearly. As you're walking with me explaining all this, it's been seemingly more and more as though this is all stuff I should've known beforehand.""Really?" AU Harry asked."Yeah," Canon Harry said. "I suspect the next thing you're about to tell me is that Ginny doesn't actually love me for me, but for the 'Boy-Who-Lived'?"AU Harry was actually surprised by this. "Yes! How did you figure?"

Canon Harry looked up at the genuinely surprised face of his older, AU counterpart. This was one thing that he sadly could not figure out, and if it weren't for the effects of the potion still lingering inside him, he'd be very curious right now as to how he came to figure this."Not sure. Lucky guess?" Canon Harry said.AU Harry shook off his shock. "Well, no matter. But I will say that in your 'new life', you will get a girlfriend who actually cares about you. Someone who will support you, can understand you, and most importantly, will love you for who you are," AU Harry said as he delightedly thought about the girl in question.At this particular moment, AU Harry was wishing that he didn't have to have given canon Harry the emotion-cancelling potion because he wanted to see the smile that would've surely appeared on his face."And who is the girl that is supposedly going to be the 'real one for me'?" Canon Harry asked.AU Harry looked down at his canon counterpart, almost praying now that the potion he gave him would just wear off now. He said nothing as canon Harry awaited his answer."Well, who is it?" Canon Harry asked again. "Are you going to tell me?"AU Harry smiled and opened his mouth to speak on this...

AU Harry had opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. Canon Harry stoically continued to watch him as he awaited his counterpart's answer. Then after about a full minute, AU Harry closed his mouth and shook his head."I cannot tell you this information right now," he told Canon Harry."Why not?" Canon Harry asked."I got to leave some surprises for you," AU Harry said with a grin. "It would be no fun to spoil information like this from the very beginning.""I see," Canon Harry said."Well then, I think I've told you everything that you need to know," AU Harry said. "That being said, are you ready to begin your journey?"Canon Harry shrugged uncaringly. "I suppose so." Even though Harry was still emotionless, he still couldn't help but say these next few words: "I hope you're right that this will all work out.""As long as you do your part to take control of your fate, you will be just fine," AU Harry assured his younger counterpart. "And the end result, if you haven't figured it out yet, is that you will end up as me."Harry looked up at the caring grin of his older AU counterpart. As he did, he swore he could feel the effects of the emotion-cancelling potion beginning to wear off."I think the potion you gave me is starting to wear off," he said."Then let us begin," AU Harry declared.He then hugged Harry close to him and raised an arm high into the air. Seconds later, they were both engulfed by a bright light. Canon Harry closed his eyes as he braced for what was now to come. He was very grateful that he now had the opportunity to leave his old life behind. Now let's hope that this new life Harry was being offered lived up to the hype by his AU counterpart.

......The bright light that had engulfed Harry and his AU counterpart was now beginning to fade. Harry blinked as he worked to regain his vision. Once he could see clearly, he took a scan of his surroundings.The first thing he noticed was that he was standing beside a familiar half-giant, and the both of them were standing in front of a brick wall. The emotion-cancelling potion had now fully worn off, allowing Harry to smile up at the familiar face of the friendly, yet bumbling Hagrid before looking down at himself.The fact that he was outfitted in the clothes he had worn when he and the Dursleys bunked at that old shack on the island made him realize where in his life he was sent back to. It was the moment where he and Hagrid were about to enter Diagon Alley for the first time.A wave of nostalgia washed over the once again eleven-year-old boy, though he wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not.After Hagrid had tapped the bricks in the way Harry knew would open the wall up, well... the wall opened up."Welcome, Harry... to Diagon Alley," Hagrid said before he and Harry began taking their steps into the bustling wizarding plaza.I knew that was coming... Harry thought with a small grin.Author's Note:Please take a second to visit my profile and vote on the poll that is there.

Hagrid looked at Harry as he was taking in the sights. He was surprised that Harry didn't appear to be all that amazed by everything. Of course he didn't know that Harry was now living his life as a newly turned eleven-year-old with eighteen-year-old memories, so of course he would be surprised by Harry's casual attitude. Regardless, he shrugged it off.Hagrid did still see that Harry looked at the cauldron shop. "Yep, you'll be needin' one. But firs' we got ter get yer money."Harry gave another small grin as he thought about the giant wizarding bank. He was quite thankful that he would be going in just for a regular money withdrawal rather than to steal a Horcrux.Harry and Hagrid continued walking for a couple minutes. Harry heard the familiar irritable sound of the plump woman complaining about how dragon liver was way too expensive. Then, they were beginning to pass by the owl emporium. Harry saw the usual species of owls he was familiar with: tawny, screech, barn, brown, and of course, snowy.Harry came to a screeching halt.Snowy. That snowy owl in the display window wasn't just any snowy owl."Hedwig!" Harry cried out, about to make a dash for the owl."What's that, Harry?" Hagrid asked, a bit shocked by Harry's sudden outburst.Harry froze. Um... whoops!

Harry was motionless for several long seconds as he battled with both the temptation to run as his old feathery white friend, as well as the realization that he was supposed to be acting as though he did not have the memories of his previous life.Finally, he turned around and walked back towards Hagrid, who was eyeing him suspiciously."Blimey, Harry, I understand that owls are swell and all, but ye got ter show a bit o' restraint," the half-giant said, though he did find this slightly amusing. "And what was that you just said? Hedwig?"Harry, real quick, had to come up with an excuse for him blurting out this name."Sorry," he said modestly. "I was just... I saw on television an owl that looked just like that one, and the man taking care of it called it Hedwig. I... thought that owl was the same one."The look on Hagrid's face did not suggest to Harry that he believed him. But thank goodness for him, Hagrid merely shrugged it off."Well, it don't matter anyway I guess. Let's just get a move on before we attract too much attention," he suggested.Harry was full of relief as he and Hagrid continued on their errands. He would have to do much better than this if he didn't want to raise any suspicions.That didn't stop him though from taking one quick final glance back at his old owl companion, hoping ever so much that Hagrid will still buy her for him like he did in his first life.

The visit to Gringotts went by the same way for Harry as it did in his first life. There wasn't really anything about this half hour that bothered Harry or that he wished to change, so he just decided to act as he did during his first visit here.This was also a good opportunity for Harry to get a little bit more used to pretending that he knew as little about the wizarding world as he did during his first life. Not to mention he had really enjoyed that moment where he looked inside his vault and instantly knew that he was wealthier than Dudley. There was no shame in going through that again.Harry shuddered a bit as he then came to realize that he was most likely going to be spending some time with the Dursleys again. But he then remembered that this was his new life, and that he was promised that he would live a much happier and healthier life. No doubt that such a life would be one that was away from the Dursleys. With that thought, he felt hopeful that he wouldn't have to be with the Dursleys for very long.After the wizarding bank, the next stop was Madame Malkin's Robes For All Occasions. Like before, Harry entered without Hagrid (due to Hagrid needing that pick-me-up). He was immediately met with the familiar woman in mauve who ran the shop."Hogwarts, dear?" she asked him."Yes," Harry quickly answered.What Madame Malkins would say next though would surprise him greatly."Excellent. I've actually got two other kids who are being fit for Hogwarts robes right now as we speak," she told him.Author's Note:Next chapter introduces one of the many possible girls that Harry will get together with. On that note, please now take a moment to go vote on the poll on my Fanfiction profile.

Harry blinked at what Madame Malkins had just told him. There were two kids here? That wasn't quite right. When Harry was here in his first life, there was only that boy here, who turned out to be Draco Malfoy.Harry looked towards the fitting room and sure enough, there were two other kids present this time. Draco was present like before, but there was also what looked like a girl with long silvery-blonde hair that was tied into a ponytail.Madame Malkins brought Harry into the room, set him up on a stool between the other two kids, and proceeded to get to work on him."Hello," came the voice of the boy like before. "Hogwarts too?"Harry had to work hard to pretend that he didn't already know this boy. "Yes," he said casually. He then turned towards the girl, who was looking back at him, almost expectantly. Harry felt his voice catch in his throat."'Ello," she said in a sweet French accent."Hello," Harry managed to say after he regained his composure.He could hear Draco begin to ramble like before about what his parents were doing and what his plans were. But he already knew what he was going to say, so he decided to ignore him and maybe interact with this girl instead. Though he was about to be surprised again by what she said."What's your name?" the girl asked. "My name's Gabrielle. Gabrielle Delacour."Author's Note:No, this chapter does NOT confirm that Gabrielle is the girl Harry will be with. She is just one of the numerous possibilities and since she is a candidate, I have written her to be Harry's age.

And just like that, Harry found himself surprised again. Gabrielle Delacour? Was that really correct? Harry still had the memory of when he "rescued" Gabrielle in the Triwizard Tournament second task. But Gabrielle was eight at that time. Now in this life, Gabrielle was his age? How was that possible?But before he could dwell further on this, he saw the now confused look on the young veela's face and snapped out of it."Oh, uh, sorry. I'm Harry. Harry Potter," he finally said.Gabrielle smiled, but Harry noticed that unlike most others, she did not gawk at him or seem in shock that she was meeting the "Boy-Who-Lived". In truth, he was quite grateful to her for that.Her reaction though was much different than the boy, who was now staring at him."Really?! You're Harry Potter?" he said."Um... yeah," Harry answered."Yes... and I think 'e would appreciate it if you didn't stare at 'im?" Gabrielle said to him, trying to sound polite."Oh, right. Sorry," Draco said, though not sounding it.What Harry expected next was for him to ask him about brooms and quidditch and Hogwarts houses, but to his further surprise, he was quiet after this. He liked that though. He would much rather interact with Gabrielle.But before he would, realization hit him like a ton of bricks. Harry was not in quite the same life he had before. He had been brought into the AU world that his "counterpart" said he came from. Some things in this life were going to be different.Now he knew why there were two kids in this shop, as well as why Gabrielle was now his age.He smiled brightly, for once optimistic about the future.

Harry and Gabrielle began to chat a little bit. The first thing that Gabrielle said was "I'm vairy sorry about your parents, 'Arry. I could not imagine 'ow 'ard zat must be for you to deal with.""Don't worry about it," Harry responded, though he did quite appreciate Gabrielle's empathy."I say, look at that man!" Draco suddenly said loudly.Suspecting he knew what Draco was referring to, Harry looked out the window. As he expected, he saw Hagrid standing there holding two giant ice cream cones."Yep, that's Hagrid," Harry said."Oh, I've heard of him. He's a sort of servant isn't he?" Draco said."He's the gamekeeper," Harry replied.Then, as expected, Draco began to speak negatively about Hagrid, where he lives, and the things he supposedly tries to do. And once again, Harry retorted by saying he thought Hagrid was brilliant. What he was not expecting was Gabrielle to respond also."I agree wiz 'Arry," she said coolly."Do you?" Draco responded to her with a sneer. He then gave something of a snort before going quiet again, not really feeling like talking to these nobodies anymore.Harry then turned back towards Gabrielle, having become curious."You think Hagrid is brilliant too? Have you met him?" he asked her.Gabrielle shook her magnificent head. "Non, but at my sister's school, the 'eadmistress is a 'alf-giant like 'Agrid. And she's a vairy good person," Gabrielle told him.This brought up a good question for Harry. He was pretty sure that Gabrielle, in his canon world, would've went to Beauxbatons when she started school, just like her sister, Fleur. But in this world, she was going to Hogwarts. Harry was quite curious as to why this was so.

"Your sister goes to Beauxbatons?" Harry asked Gabrielle, though he technically knew this.Gabrielle nodded."Where is that?" Harry asked. Again, he technically knew, but he still needed to act like he didn't."It's in ze south of France," Gabrielle said. "Both me and my sister are from France."Harry was still surprised, however, he was also actually impressed. "You're both from France, yet you're going to school here in Britain?"Gabrielle nodded as a grin spread across her face. "My papa preferred me to stay in France and go to Beauxbatons wiz my sister, but I really wanted to go to school in a different country. I believe it will be a much more enjoyable experience, and I can get more out of it if I choose my own path."Harry nodded. He doubted he would be very happy going to a school different from the one his parents went to, even if in his first life he didn't always have a good time there. However, he did kind of admire Gabrielle for wanting to be independent and do her own thing."I see," Harry said. "Is your dad, er, I mean papa here with you now?""Oui. E is sitting over zere." Gabrielle motioned towards a chair where there was a well-dressed man with graying hair sitting there.

One thing about Harry that was sadly, currently the same in this life as it was in his first life was the physical shape that he started off in, as well as the clothes he wore. Just like in his first life, he was stuck wearing Dudley's old hand-me-downs.Unbeknownst to Harry, Gabrielle's father, named Bernard Delacour, was frequently looking at Harry as he socialized with Gabrielle. He was taking in the boy's appearance with concern etched on his face. To him, the boy seemed small and skinny for his age. And the clothes he wore... he inwardly cringed. He couldn't stand seeing people dressed like street urchins. These two discoveries set off some alarm bells in his head."Well, that's you done," the assistant working with Malfoy said to the boy."Well, I'll see you both at Hogwarts I suppose," he said to Harry and Gabrielle.Gabrielle said nothing and Harry responded with a half-hearted "see you".A short while later, both Harry and Gabrielle were finished themselves. The two of them finished at the same time, so they, along with Gabrielle's father, walked out of the shop together. Bernard took this opportunity to introduce himself to Harry.As the three of them stepped outside, Hagrid approached them. He was surprised to see that Harry was not alone."Hiya, Harry. Who's that you got with yer?" he asked."It's my new friend, Gabrielle," Harry said with a grin.

Hagrid smiled, happy for Harry that he had seemingly already made a friend."Well, hello, Gabrielle," the half-giant said. "I'm Rubeus Hagrid, keeper of keys and grounds at Hogwarts. But you may just call me Hagrid.""Ello, 'Agrid," Gabrielle said a bit shyly.Hagrid then turned to the man accompanying her. "And you must me Ms. Gabrielle's father I presume?""Yes," he answered politely. "My name is Bernard Delacour.""It's nice ter meet ye both," Hagrid said. "I wish we had more time to chat, but I got ter get going with Harry so we can get the rest of his school supplies.""You're ze one taking 'Arry to get his school supplies?" Mr. Delacour asked.He knew that both of Harry's parents were dead and hence couldn't accompany Harry themselves. But Hogwarts gamekeeper, and a half-giant no less? Rather odd choice for this kind of task if he didn't say so himself."Yeah," Hagrid said. "Why do you ask?"Mr. Delacour shook his head. "No reason. Just curious is all.""Oh, alright then," Hagrid said with a shrug. "Well, let's be off then. Goodbye."Harry waved to Gabrielle and her father before resuming following Hagrid.

"Ye seem to be in pretty high spirits right now, Harry. What's up?" Hagrid asked the boy as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought for him (the same flavor as he bought for him in his first life)."Oh, nothing. Just looking forward to going to this Hogwarts place I guess," Harry said. It was a half-truth. Harry was eager to start over, but he definitely had his concerns as well.He did his best though to push his worries aside though as he thought about his previous years in Hogwarts. He remembered that now was the time when Hagrid would've been telling him about quidditch and Hogwarts houses. Harry hoped that he would be able to hit the quidditch pitch again as soon as possible, but as it went for houses, he wasn't sure if he wanted to be in Gryffindor again. He was thinking that maybe life would be better as a Ravenclaw or a Hufflepuff. Hopefully the Sorting Hat still included personal choice in its decision-making.

For the next hour, Harry and Hagrid continued their hunt for Harry's school supplies. These events played out as they did in Harry's first life. Then came a crucial moment for Harry."Just yer wand left... oh! And I haven't gotten ye a birthday present," Hagrid said. He then grinned knowingly at Harry. "And I think I know just what ter get ye."Harry's heart jumped. Was... was he finally about to be reunited with his beloved Hedwig?About twenty minutes later, Harry and Hagrid left Eeylop's Owl Emporium with Harry being more thankful to Hagrid right now than perhaps any time in his life. Hagrid knew Harry would be happy with his gift, but he was quite surprised by just how happy he was. He was so happy that tears even streamed down his face, like as though he had been reunited with a long lost friend.Yeesh, Harry really had to work to keep his composure in check.Now came the time for Harry to get his wand. As Harry and Hagrid stepped into the wand shop, Harry was greeted with another surprise.Gabrielle and her father were also here.

The very silent environment of the building encouraged everyone to talk in small voices."Well, hello again, Mr. Delacour," Hagrid greeted. "And hello again to you as well, Miss Gabrielle.""Hello again, Mr. Hagrid," Bernard greeted."'Ello, 'agrid," Gabrielle also said.As they both said their greetings, Harry couldn't help but notice that Gabrielle's father didn't have as strong of a French accent as his daughter."Hey, Gabrielle," Harry said to his new friend."'Ello, 'Arry," Gabrielle said. "Are you purchasing your wand now too?"Harry nodded. "Yes, I am. Have you gotten yours yet already?"Gabrielle shook her head. "Not yet. We're just waiting for Mr. Ollivander to arrive.""And here he is now," a familiar voice said right after, causing everyone to jump in surprise (and once again, Hagrid accidentally broke the spindly chair he sat in).Mr. Ollivander surveyed everyone in the room until his eyes fell on a certain customer he had long been waiting to serve."I wondered when I'd be seeing you, Mr. Potter," he said with an excited grin.Author's Note:Now before I move on to these next few chapters, I feel I should remind you that Harry/Gabrielle is not confirmed to be the pairing in this story. I wanna point this out because there will be content that may suggest to some of you that it is and I don't want those hoping for a different pairing to automatically assume that this is Harry/Gabrielle. The endgame pairing is still to be announced later, and there are a few strong candidates.

Like he did in Harry's first life, Mr. Ollivander began to steadily approach Harry while talking to him about the wands he had sold to his parents. And like before, it ended up where Harry and Mr. Ollivander were pretty much nose-to-nose as Mr. Ollivander apologized for being the one to sell the wand that gave Harry his scar.Although Harry knew that this was probably coming, this moment still made him feel kind of uncomfortable. What he didn't know though was that Gabrielle noticed his discomfort and spoke up."Um, excuse me, sir, but I believe you are making 'im feel uncomfortable," she said politely.Mr. Ollivander shifted her eyes to Gabrielle for a couple of seconds before he backed away from Harry."Right, sorry about that, Harry. That was rude of me," he said. He then resumed his usual expression and clapped his hands together. "Why don't we get down to business then. Which of you would like to go first?"Harry and Gabrielle looked at each other briefly before Harry took a step back."Why don't you go first, Mademoiselle?" he said to her, bowing slightly.From further back in the room, Bernard had to mask a chuckle as he saw his daughter blush slightly at this. He was both amused and impressed by this coming from someone as young as Harry.Nonetheless, the young veela stepped forward and Mr. Ollivander got his magic tape measure ready.

Mr. Ollivander began to take Gabrielle's measurements. He seemed to be measuring every possible body part he could, from her hands, to her elbows, to her knees, and even to her earlobes.Gabrielle felt pretty sure that this got to the point where it was in part for appearance because she couldn't remember her sister's procedure being this exhaustive. She guessed that this was because Mr. Ollivander had never serviced someone with veela heritage before and wanted to cash in on the experience.As he was watching, Harry couldn't help but decide that this part of the process was actually amusing when he wasn't the one currently going through it. Gabrielle must have heard him chuckling because her face tinged pink when he did. Gabrielle's father on the other hand narrowed his eyes at Mr. Ollivander but did not say anything. He thought that for such a reputable wand dealer, the guy was a bit of a creep.Finally, after much longer than necessary, Mr. Ollivander snapped his fingers, and the magical tape measure fell to the ground with a tiny thud.

Mr. Ollivander then began to present Gabrielle with wands. He expected it to take longer than it did, but on the fourth attempt, Gabrielle felt a warm sensation in her fingers and the wand let loose silver sparks. She looked at the other occupants in the room and they encouragingly smiled at her."Excellent! Well done," Mr. Ollivander said joyfully. "And a surprising wand too. At thirteen inches, it is a long wand for someone just starting out. It also has a holly and unicorn hair combination, which is an unusual one. Flexible and quite strong, it should be adept for dealing with charms. Treat it well, Miss Gabrielle."The young veela smiled and stepped back as her father stepped forward to pay for the wand. After the transaction was complete, Mr. Ollivander turned to Harry."Now, Mr. Potter, I have a feeling you will be a very tricky customer indeed," he said to him softly, though he sounded extremely excited.Harry was pretty sure he knew what was coming given how things played out in his first life. And he was right. More than forty different wands were attempted with Mr. Ollivander getting more and more excited by each failure before he began making his way towards that "special" one."I wonder..." he whispered so softly that no one could make out what he said.

Mr. Ollivander slowly, almost reverently, picked up a certain special wand box before slowly making his way back towards Harry. He carefully removed the wand from the box and handed it to Harry, his hands shaking a little as he did so.Harry, inwardly happy to see his old wand again, felt that same rush of warmth in his hand as Gabrielle, signifying that this was the wand for him. Again, some things don't change Harry thought to himself."Oh-ho, bravo! Bravo!" Mr. Ollivander said excitedly.But as Harry expected, Mr. Ollivander's excited expression steadily changed to one which suggested he was deep in thought."Curious..." he muttered. "Very curious."Although Harry knew clearly what Mr. Ollivander was thinking right now, he still had to ask to keep up his facade. "Sorry... but what's curious?"Mr. Ollivander looked up at Harry with an unreadable expression on his face. "I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. I have two interesting things I need to tell you about this wand."Harry blinked. Two things? He was sure that one of those things was the whole "this wand is the brother of Voldemort's wand" statement, but what could this apparent other thing be?

Mr. Ollivander composed himself. "Let's start with the news that you probably will take more kindly to."Harry felt very slightly better now knowing that this other new thing about his wand probably wasn't something all that bad."As you may or may not know, it is the heart in which the wood of a wand is used to connect to its master," Mr. Ollivander began. "I just so happens that the holly branch that your wand is made from is the same branch in which Ms. Delacour's wand is made from. This to me suggests some kind of a strong connection of the heart between you two."Harry and Gabrielle's eyes went wide, and even Bernard's did too. The two kids looked at each other in shock, but they both then blushed a bit and turned away from each other."If I may ask, how long have you and Gabrielle known each other?" Mr. Ollivander asked Harry.Harry was silent for a few seconds before he shook his head. "Not long at all sir. We just met today.""Curious," Mr. Ollivander said again. "Very curious indeed."

"What kind of a connection exactly would wands sharing the same wood suggest?" Harry asked, hoping the answer would be good.Mr. Ollivander shook his head. "Sadly, I do not have a clear answer to that. There are a few possibilities, however, I can safely say that none of the possibilities are anything bad or dangerous."Harry relaxed slightly upon hearing this."Unfortunately though, there is still the one other thing about your wand you need to know, and this news you may not take so kindly to," Mr. Ollivander then warned with a slight frown.Harry was sure he knew what he was about to be told, but he nonetheless nodded for Mr. Ollivander to continue."Now, while it is the heart in which the wood of a wand is used to connect to its master, it is the soul in which the core of the wand uses to connect to its master," Mr. Ollivander said. "The phoenix that gave its feather for your wand gave another feature for another wand. And this wand was... the one that gave you that scar.Gabrielle gasped and quickly turned to Harry. This was scary news indeed. However, neither Gabrielle nor Mr. Ollivander knew that Harry had learned this information once before and were surprised that Harry wasn't reacting more worse than he was. In fact, he almost appeared to them as though he was expecting to hear this.

"'Arry... are you alright?" Gabrielle asked her new friend in a soft voice, placing a hand on his shoulder."Yes, I'm fine," Harry answered her.Gabrielle had her doubts, but knew he probably wasn't going to say anymore on this. Maybe this was just his way of coping with the news. If only she knew...Harry paid for his wand and everyone left the shop. It was now time for Bernard and Gabrielle to head back home, so they had split up. Hagrid and Harry were now at a small burger joint. The place was very busy, so they were relegated to the one free table where there wasn't much of a view. This was fine with Harry though as he didn't really want to be in the public eye right now."You alright there, Harry? Yer very quiet right now," Hagrid asked him. Surely with how this day had gone for Harry he would be feeling a bit better.Harry wasn't sure how to answer. Even though he had long already knew about the situation regarding his wand, hearing the fact again still dampened his mood. Not wanting to talk about this, he settled for answering the same way he did in his first life. And like before, Hagrid responded ensuring him that he would get by just fine in Hogwarts."Thanks, Hagrid," Harry said. "If it's okay, I need to go to the bathroom."Hagrid nodded. "Don' be long though, yer train home leaves in just a little while."

Harry stood up and began searching for the bathroom. After about two minutes in his search, he was about to turn a tight corner. But then..."Aah!""Whoa!"Harry had come within an inch of crashing into someone. After taking a couple of breaths to calm themselves (and being unaware of the object that the other person dropped and broke), they looked at each other."I'm very sorry about that. I wasn't watching where I was going," Harry said apologetically.""No, no, it's my fault. I was in such a hurry to get back to me and my mum's table before someone decided to take it," the other person said.As this other kid was explaining her side, Harry couldn't help but take in her appearance, most notably the platinum-blonde hair. He had to admit that this girl was also very pretty."I hear you," Harry said to her. "Oh, I'm Harry by the way. Harry Potter.""Really?" the girl said in slight shock. Her expression quickly changed back though, though she gave a polite, yet proud smile. "I'm Daphne. Daphne Greengrass."Author's Note:Here we go finally. One of the other possible romance options for Harry is now making her appearance. I was actually quite eager to make this chapter before assumptions were made that this was a Harry/Gabrielle fanfic. On that note, at least two more possible options will also appear pretty soon... when Harry is riding the Hogwarts Express. 

While Harry and Daphne were introducing themselves to each other, Daphne's mother, named Rhiannon Greengrass, came out of the bathroom in a hurry to try to catch up to her daughter. She found her... and she was talking to some boy. Curious, she approached the duo."Hey, Daphne, what's going on over here?" she asked her daughter."Oh, Mum! Nothing. I was just introducing myself to Harry Potter here," Daphne answered. "We bumped into each other.""I see," Rhiannon said, regarding the black-haired boy. If she was shocked to know that this was Harry Potter here, she was doing her best not to show it.Taking in Harry's appearance, Daphne had to fight to keep a disturbed expression off her face. Harry appeared very skinny to her, and why was he wearing old ratty clothes that were clearly way too big for him?Pushing these thoughts aside, Rhiannon approached Harry. "Well, hello, Mr. Potter. I'm Daphne's mum, but you may call me Rhiannon if you'd like.""Hi, Rhiannon. Nice to meet you," Harry said politely."Oh no!" Daphne suddenly shouted, startling them both, as well as attracting stares from nearby strangers.

Daphne was looking down at the ground next to where she was standing, beginning to appear quite upset. She bent down and picked up the object that had fallen onto the floor. It had gotten cracked from the fall."Oh, dear," Rhiannon said with a frown."I can fix that," Harry said, getting the attention of both of them.Remembering the repair spell he had learned from Hermione in his first life, Harry readied his wand."Reparo," he said, performing the necessary wand movement.And after just a couple of seconds, the broken object was now good as new.Daphne and Rhiannon both looked up at him in clear surprise. In response, Harry gave a humble smile."How do you know the Reparo spell? You're just starting Hogwarts, aren't you?" Daphne asked."Well... yeah, I am," Harry uttered out.Rhiannon looked impressed. "It's amazing that you already know the Reparo spell." She then frowned slightly at him. "But I should let you know that you're not technically supposed to use magic outside of school except under very special circumstances.""I know. Rubeus Hagrid told me that," Harry admitted before looking at Daphne. "But it seemed like that object was very precious to Daphne...""I understand," Rhiannon said, smiling. "You're quite the gentlemen for someone your age."Daphne meanwhile, felt her cheeks go slightly pink.

"I know of Mr. Hagrid. He's Hogwarts gamekeeper," Rhiannon said in acknowledgement of the half-giant. "Is he the one who is accompanying you right now? Why isn't he with you?""Oh, he is. I was actually just running for the bathroom," Harry answered. "Hagrid is sitting at the table we were at.""Oh! Mum, our own table," Daphne suddenly said."That's right! Though I bet it's been taken by now," Rhiannon added. "Anyway, Harry, it was nice meeting you, but we gotta go.""Okay. See you around then, Daphne. You too, Mrs. Greengrass," Harry said."Oh, Harry dear, please call me Rhiannon," Daphne's mother insisted."Right. See you," Harry said before resuming his trek to the bathroom.A few minutes later, Harry had completed his business and was now heading back to his table. When he got there though, he was surprised to not only see Hagrid there, but Daphne and her mother too."All set now, Harry?" Hagrid called out to him."Yes," Harry said before taking a seat next to him. He then turned to Daphne. "So it seems your table had gotten taken?""I'm afraid so," Rhiannon answered. "It's sort of convenient that you and Mr. Hagrid happened to be here."For the next several minutes, the four of them continued to chat quietly. Then, it was time for Hagrid to take Harry to the Dursleys."Well, this was fun and all, but I suppose I'd better get Harry here on his train back home," Hagrid said.What Hagrid wasn't prepared for though was Rhiannon's reaction.

His train? Rhiannon thought, hoping to the gods that she did not hear this correctly. Surely Hagrid was not going to do what she thought he was going to do, right? That would be beyond irresponsible."His train?" she asked Hagrid, a look of worry on her face."Yeah...?" Hagrid responded, beginning to appear confused. "I got ter get him on his train so he can get back home.""And you're going to go with him?" Rhiannon asked, raising her voice slightly."Er... well," Hagrid stuttered.Rhiannon was speechless. He really was going to send this boy on an unfamiliar train back home without anyone accompanying him! How dare he!"Do you mean to tell me... that you're going to send this boy without an adult on a train back to who-knows-where?" she practically shouted. "He's eleven, Mr. Hagrid!"Hagrid was taken aback by Rhiannon's anger. "I-I'm just following the orders given to me."Harry and Daphne looked at the scene unfolding before them in bewilderment."And who is it that gave you these orders to send a young boy out on his own like this?" Rhiannon's asked, still glaring at him."Look, I don't wish to be rude, but we really got ter get going," Hagrid said, not appreciating the attitude he's being given."No. I'll take him," Rhiannon insisted.

Everyone was silent for a few seconds after Rhiannon made her declaration. It was Harry who finally broke the silence."No, really, Rhiannon, it's fine," Harry said meekly. "I'd be okay on my own."Rhiannon looked at Harry and rapidly shook her head."At your age? No, you probably wouldn't be. And it's highly irresponsible for Mr. Hagrid to be sending you off alone like this," Rhiannon said as plainly as she could.Hagrid opened his mouth to argue, but closed it after a couple seconds, thinking. Clearly, Rhiannon was not going to let him send him without a major fight. And he supposed it wouldn't really matter how Harry got home as long as he did. Finally, Hagrid nodded."Right. Fine, you can take him," he said in defeat. "But first, at least let me give him his ticket for the Hogwarts Express."Hagrid stepped up to Harry and gave him the ticket, said his goodbyes to him, then proceeded to walk away.Rhiannon watched Hagrid walk away for a short while, still fuming a bit over the situation, before turning to the kids. "Right, then. Let's get going."Harry was about to speak again, but he immediately found himself being pulled along by the hand by Daphne."You heard my mum. let's go!" she said eagerly.

While they were on their way to drop Harry off at the Dursleys, Harry and Daphne were sitting together browsing through Harry's History of Magic textbook. Since Harry had been through his first six Hogwarts years once before, he had thought that pretending he was new to all this stuff would be difficult. But in reality, it was actually coming quite easy. Maybe this alternate world had granted him the ability to think and feel as though he really was somewhat new to the wizarding world.Harry obviously had already known what he was going to name his owl, but that didn't stop him from setting things up for the naming process the way he did in his first life. The only thing that was different was that he was "allowing" Daphne to help him pick out the name."I've decided. I'm going to name her Hedwig," Harry declared proudly.Daphne smiled and nodded. "That's a very nice name in my opinion. I approve. Thanks for letting me help."Harry nodded back."Is this the place?" Rhiannon then suddenly said to Harry as they were now approaching Harry's destination.New life or not, Harry's mood instantly sank upon hearing this. He looked at where Rhiannon was pointing and answered in the affirmative.Author's Note:Okay. Real quick, it's time to address something that people keep bringing up. Yes, my chapters are extremely short. Yes, I read all of you guys' reviews; I am not ignoring you. Yes, I'm aware of the numerous people complaining about it.I do apologize that this lowers the quality of my story for some of you. However, my chapters are actually like this for a reason and I humbly state that I do not intend on changing things. That said, I would appreciate it from now on if reviewers would comment on the actual story content. I do appreciate constructive feedback. Thank you and more content to come soon!

Conveniently enough, just as Rhiannon and the kids were arriving at number four, the Dursleys were as well. Harry concluded that they had just returned from that island they had escaped to in Harry's first life. Realizing this, Harry figured that all his years leading up to today had played out the same, or similar to how they did in his first life.For Rhiannon, the first thing that she noticed was that when Harry stepped out of the car and began to approach the house, the Dursley's son fled into the house in terror. As for Vernon and Petunia, they didn't seem to pleased that Harry had returned, yet despite this, they seemed to be in a hurry getting him back inside.As she and Daphne were on their way back home, Rhiannon pondered on what she witnessed, unsure where to go from here. The situation seemed concerning, but unfortunately, she felt that there was not yet enough evidence for her to be able to take any kind of action.However, that would change on September the first when she saw what Vernon would do with Harry at King's Cross.

The month of August for Harry was mostly the same as it was in his first life. The Dursleys had generally left him alone, essentially trying to pretend that he didn't exist.It wasn't all the same though. For starters, the fact that he and Hedwig had been reunited was enough to keep his spirits up. But aside from that, Harry had actually decided that this was the perfect opportunity to reflect back on his past years. Even though his years at Hogwarts in his first life were more bad than good, he couldn't help but feel excited for his chance to go back. He had a chance at a completely fresh start. He could...It was at that point that Harry had his epiphany.Harry realized that he should take his chance to do things over as his chance to fix anything that he could've done better, such as his performance as a student. He had his chance to make sure things in his life went differently, and there were a lot of things in Harry's first life that he'd love to not have to go through again.Now not wanting to miss a moment in his newfound mission to perfect everything in his life, Harry decided that a good starting point would be spending the rest of this month refreshing himself on as much of the first-year course material as he could. Yes, that was a great idea! Hermione was going to be given a run for her money.

Finally, the morning of September the first had arrived. Harry was awake bright and early that morning, feeling just as excited and pumped as he did when he had gone through this before.Harry threw on some clothes, made sure once more that he had everything, and then proceeded downstairs to ask Uncle Vernon to take him to King's Cross. To make things easy, Harry decided to have this scene play out just as it did in his first life. Fortunately, it worked according to plan.Like the first time, Uncle Vernon drove Harry to King's Cross, and was surprisingly helpful when it came to Harry's belongings. Once they made it to platforms nine and ten, that all-too-familiar, yet still scary grin split Vernon's face."Well, here you are, boy. Platform nine and platform ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the middle. Ah, but they don't seem to have it built yet, do they?" Vernon sneered, the grin still on his face. "Have a good term!"Uncle Vernon then drove away, laughing maniacally with the other Dursleys. Obviously, if this was his first time being through this, Harry would be panicking right now. Fortunately though, that was not the case and he knew where to go and what to do.What he didn't know though was that a certain someone had witnessed the whole thing.And they were furious.

Daphne Greengrass woke up bright and early on the morning of September the first. She didn't even think of spending a single minute hanging around in bed and hopped right out, got dressed, checked once more to make sure she had everything, and proceeded to go downstairs.Her family was also up bright and early and were already enjoying breakfast at their grand kitchen table. Besides Rhiannon, there was also her father, and her little sister, named Astoria. Daphne took a seat next to her sister."Good morning, my lovely elder daughter of mine," her father greeted. "Are you all set to go?""You bet. I even went through everything I packed to make sure I had everything I could possibly need. Can't have a situation where I'm forgetting something important," Daphne said proudly.Both her parents smiled. While Daphne may be friendlier than what Slytherins were typically known for, she still possessed many of the traits of the house of snakes. They were confident that Daphne would be sorted in with the snakes, just like the rest of her family, and they couldn't wait to see what mountains she was going to move in life.

A short while later, it was time for Daphne and Rhiannon to head to King's Cross so that Daphne could catch the Hogwarts Express. Daphne was never the kind of person to show much emotion, but that didn't stop her from being locked up in a heartfelt hug with her little sister."Now, you're not going to go bad if you get sorted into Slytherin, right?" Astoria asked her as she held tightly onto Daphne."Of course I won't," Daphne tried to assure her. "You know that not everyone who gets sorted into Slytherin turns out evil. Look at Mum and Dad. They were in Slytherin too, and they're wonderful people."Astoria and Daphne remained in their hug for about another thirty seconds before they broke apart."Well, I got to get going. I promise to write to you as soon as I get there," Daphne said to her sister, smiling at her."Bye, Daphne," Astoria said as tears began to fill her eyes.Daphne then turned and began to follow her mother out of the house as Astoria ran into the open arms of her father.Let the legacy of Daphne Greengrass begin! Daphne thought as she and Rhiannon exited their house.

Daphne and Rhiannon had now arrived at King's Cross and had begun making their way to the destination platform. As they drew closer, they caught sight of Harry just as he was being assisted by his uncle.Unable to stop herself, Rhiannon and Daphne hid behind one of the barriers wanting to keep a close eye and ear on how this played out. Rhiannon was already concerned about this man based on her first observations of him, as well as how Harry looked as a child, so she wanted to make sure Harry was going to be okay here.But what she saw next was worse than she could've imagined. She saw the nasty grin appear on Vernon's face, then seconds later, just leave Harry all alone before going back to his car and driving away, laughing with the other Dursley's.How could he?! This was ten times worse than Hagrid sending him on a train alone back home.Although Harry knew this time where to go to get to his platform, he didn't get very far at all before he heard a voice call out to him."Harry! Oh, goodness!" the voice cried out.Harry turned and saw Rhiannon and Daphne dashing up to meet him.Author's note:HORRAAAAAY! This story has now reached over 100 reviews! I now have a 3-digit count for reviews, favs, and alerts! Thanks to everyone who has been supporting this story!

It took every ounce of strength for Rhiannon to not engulf Harry in her arms. Instead, she opted for quickly placing her hands on his shoulders."Oh, Harry!" she cried. "I can't believe that man would just leave you here like this!""I-it's really no big deal, because-" Harry began to say.But at the same time he remembered that he was supposed to be acting as though he didn't know anything, Rhiannon shouted "No" at him."This is not okay, Harry dear. No responsible or caring adult leaves an eleven-year-old boy at an unfamiliar train station not knowing where they need to go!"Harry really had to resist the urge to tell Rhiannon that he did know where to go."Thankfully, we're here to help you out. Please, come with us," Rhiannon insisted.With obviously no choice, Harry was led by Rhiannon and Daphne to the barrier that led onto platform nine-and-three-quarters. The journey there took about thirty seconds."Now, Harry, do you know how to get onto the platform?" Rhiannon asked Harry.

By now, Harry was getting quite used to his facade of acting like he didn't know things when he did. So much now that he answered no to Rhiannon's question before realizing that answering yes in this case wouldn't have been an issue."Well, no worries, dear. It's easy. All you have to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms nine and ten," Rhiannon told him before looking at her daughter. "In fact, Daphne, why don't you go first and Harry can see how it's done."Daphne did as instructed and walked in front of the barrier. She then quickly walked at the wall until she magically disappeared through it."See? Very easy," Rhiannon said to Harry. "It's your turn now."Without any hesitation, Harry too walked up to the barrier. He then quickly walked up towards it until he too had passed through it.Now it was Rhiannon's turn. But just as she was about to make her way through, somehow. a sudden wave of dread washed through her, and she suddenly felt the need to get Daphne and Harry on the train as fast as possible. As a result, she sprinted through the barrier.

As soon as Uncle Vernon had begun to drive out of King's Cross, a certain family of redheads began to appear inside of said train station. Seeing that Vernon was now driving away, they were ready to begin the first part of a certain Hogwarts headmaster's plan.By now, Harry should be looking around for anyone that could help him find platform nine-and-three-quarters. And what they would do would be: pass by him and have Molly Weasley say "Hogwarts" just loud enough for Harry to overhear. The boy would then follow them and he would ask them how to get onto the platform. From there, they could begin to set the plan in motion.Ron was particularly pumped and ready to get it on. He couldn't wait for his and Harry's first year of "adventures" together.But when they got to where Harry was "supposed" to be, they saw that he was not there."Hm, that's odd. I don't see the boy. He got dropped off over here, didn't he?" Molly said with a frown."Mum, look!" Ron said, pointing much further down towards the destination barrier.The Weasleys looked and saw Harry just in time to see disappear onto platform nine-and-three-quarters without them.

"Nooooo!" Ginny Weasley cried as she witnessed the boy she fantasized over disappear from their view."Now, now, Ginny dear, please don't cry," Molly said as she quickly pulled her daughter into a hug. "You will get your dream man yet, you just wait and see."Ginny gave a sniffle, looked up at her mother, and smiled."We'd better make a run for it so we don't lose him," Ron said."Right. Let's go," Molly agreed.The Weasleys upped their pace to a sprint. But they didn't make it very far before they were stopped in their tracks by the booming voice of a nearby guard."Hey, you bunch of hooligans! Slow it down! There is no running in this train station," he called out to them.Molly grumbled and gave a glare to the guard before she and the other Weasleys slowed back down to a walk.Inside the platform, Harry and Daphne were just briefly taking a look at his surrounding before Rhiannon appeared before them."There you two are," she said between gasps. "I need you to get on the train. Fast.""Why? What's the hurry?" Daphne asked.But Rhiannon didn't answer as she quickly proceeded to lead Harry and Daphne onto the train.

"Yeesh, Mum! Will you please tell us why you are in such a hurry all of a sudden?" Daphne asked, a bit annoyed now as she and Harry were being escorted very quickly onto the train by her mother."Mother's intuition, dear. Just trust me right now," was all she responded with as she helped Harry and Daphne load their luggage.When Daphne and Harry were at least now technically on the train, and their luggage was stowed away, Rhiannon felt herself instantly relax more. Before she would begin her way back home, she brought Daphne into a hug. The two gave each other heartfelt goodbyes before they broke apart.Then, to his surprise, Harry found himself also in the arms of Rhiannon. He didn't pull away though and actually found himself enjoying Rhiannon's hug.While Rhiannon was hugging Harry though, she noticed that his back felt strangely bumpy as her hand went over it. It was as though there were numerous bumps and bruises on it. More alarm bells went off in her head; Harry's living situation seemed even more concerning to her now.

The Weasley crew were now filing onto platform nine-and-three-quarters to try and catch up with Harry. They managed to arrive just in time to see him being escorted onto the train. Molly noticed the other woman and scowled."So that lady managed to find Harry before we did," she said with a frown. "Oh, well no matter. That won't keep Ron from being able to sit with him at least."Molly turned to the Weasley in question and smiled reassuringly at him, and then she turned to her twin sons."Fred, George, you noticed how Harry had all that heavy luggage with him, right? Your role here is to find him just as he is trying to shove it all away and to help him. Then you, Ron, are all clear to go in and sit inside his compartment with him."Ron nodded eagerly while the twins gave half-hearted shrugs. In truth, the latter two were not really on board with any of these plans at all, and were not actually committed to helping them come to pass. They were only pretending to for the time being and would defect on everyone as soon as they could.Molly nodded. "Very good. Oh, but real quick, Ron, you've got something on your nose.Molly quickly pulled out a handkerchief and began to forcefully rub at Ron's nose, much to his dismay. Meanwhile, Fred and George proceeded onward towards the train to perform their "part".

As per Rhiannon's instructions, Daphne and Harry were in a hurry to find a good compartment to congregate in. They still didn't know why Rhiannon was in such a hurry to see them off. To them, it was as if there was somebody coming that Rhiannon didn't want either of them mingling with. But at the same time, it kind of seemed as though Rhiannon herself didn't know why she was in such a hurry all of a sudden.Harry and Daphne were now about two-thirds of the way down the train when they heard a female voice call out to them."Oi Daphne! Come sit with us! And you can bring your friend with you too!"Harry and Daphne turned towards the compartment where the voice had come from. Sitting inside on one side was a pair of girls, one with strawberry-blonde hair and another with dirty-blonde hair. On the other side was a certain girl with long silvery-blonde hair who Harry immediately recognized from both the robe shop and Ollivander's."Oh! Susan, Hannah! Hello!" Daphne said as she went inside the compartment along with Harry.Author's note: Sorry for the delay. I've been doing my part to help encourage others to vote in our upcoming presidential election. Side note: if you are a US registered voter, please VOTE if you have not done so already.Regarding the story, we are now back on schedule and I expect to continue posting daily. Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott are now on the scene, with the former being one of the possible girls Harry ends up with. That means 3 possibilities have now been introduced: Gabrielle, Daphne, and Susan. And there are still more to come, so if your preferred girl isn't here, don't lose hope yet!

"Come on, Harry. We'll be sitting in here," Daphne said to her black-haired friend as she led him into the compartment.The two of them sat down on the side opposite from Susan and Hannah. Harry was sitting between both Daphne and Gabrielle, the latter of which he turned to."'Ello, 'Arry," she said, giving him a dazzling smile.Seeing Gabrielle's smile caused Harry's stomach to flutter a little as he greeted her back."So Susan and Hannah, you would be quite shocked to know who this is I had with me," Daphne said, motioning towards Harry.Susan and Hannah looked at her curiously, but said nothing as they waited for her to continue."It's Harry Potter!" she finished. "We bumped into each other in Diagon Alley as I was coming out of a bathroom.""Wow, Really? You're Harry Potter?" Hannah asked as both her and Susan's eyes went wide."Yes. Yes, I am," Harry said without feeling at all awkward.Susan and Hannah stared at Harry for a few seconds. Daphne and Gabrielle were both about to speak up about this, but they managed to catch themselves just in time before they spoke."Sorry about that. We were just a little surprised, that's all," Susan said. "Anyway, my name is Susan Bones. And this is my friend Hannah Abbott."

As Harry began to interact contentedly with his newest acquaintances, Fred and George Weasley were now stepping onto the Hogwarts Express. They slowly began making their way down, checking the compartment for any sign of a certain Boy-Who-Lived who might be struggling with his heavy luggage.Fred and George had a feeling that Harry was going to look for an empty compartment in the back, but they still felt that they had to look in the other compartments just in case. Their feelings were confirmed correct when they did spot Harry, who had already made himself comfortable in a compartment full of other (interestingly female) first years. And he certainly at present was not struggling to stow away his luggage."Do you see?" Fred asked his twin."I do," George added."Harry is already situated and comfortable. With a bunch of other kids no less," Fred said."It'll be interesting to see how Mum reacts to this," George said, grinning slightly."And Ginny too," Fred added, also grinning."Better go report the news," George concluded.
