James saw him moving towards the house, a hooded figure, and in that moment he knew Voldemort had come to kill his son. So he grabbed his wand and ushered for Lily to fallow him upstairs to Harry's nursery where he hid his cloak, but when they got there he remembered that he had lent his cloak to Dumbledore. It appeared that Lily was thinking about the same thing becuase she was looking at him with fear in her eyes. They heard the door to the house open. They looked at Harry,who was smiling cheerfully unaware of the situation. Lily put Harry in his crib and her and James started talking to him while they still had time:"Harry,mama loves you,Dada loves you, don't forget that. Harry be good while mum and dad are gone." she broke into sobs. James continued " Har,everythung will be alright buddy. Mum and dad will do everything they can to keep you safe"He kissed Harry's forehead and stood up infront of him and Lily,ready to protect them no matter what came in from the door.Voldemort came in and saw James Potter in front of his family and his wand risen,ready to protect them with everything he's got.Voldemort however had other plans. He wanted to destroy her before he killed her and her son,so he looked at Lily coldy and started talking:"You mudblood witch,you destroyed a perfect pure_blood family. You deserve the worst kind of torture,"Lily prepared herself for the crusiatic curse when suddenly she found herself wrapped in ropes,in the corner of the room,on the ground."Seeing your son die while you can't do any thing about it."Voldemort let out a cold and cruel laugh as Lily's tears joined each other at the end of her chin and fell to ground.Voldmort told James to stand aside so he can kill Harry."I will not let you lay a finger on my son,not as long as I'm alive.""Stand aside Potter. I'm doing you a favour. By letting me kill the mudblood and this half_blood boy,you can save your bloodline. You may be a bloof traitor but after a few weeks with me, you will defenitly change your mind.""You will not kill my son or my wife," he brought his wand up again."over my dead body." James hesitated, he had never begged anyone in his life exept Lily, when he was in sixth year he kept begging her to go out with him about ten times a day and everytime,he got his head smacked by Lily. He got the courage he needed by thinking about those days and her so he dropped his wand and fell onto to his knees, getting rid of any arragonce and pride he had and started begging:"Please spear Harry's life, he is just an one year old. He can't harm you. Please I beg you. Spear him. Kill me instead of him. Just let him live. Please""You disgust me."said voldemort."AVADA KADVRA""NOOOOOOOOO" screamed Lily and looked at James as he hit the ground, his glasses lopsided on hia face, his hazel eyes without the beloved spark they once had,the sparks that drove Lily mad."Shut up you mudblood witch" he said.Lily silently cried and tried to reach Harry and save him before he joined his father.Voldemort raised his wand at Harry and said"AVADA KADAVRA"Lily let out a big scream and started crying keeping her eyes shut,not brave enough to open them.As a minute passed and she heard nothing, she got suspicious so she opened her eyes and there he was, her son smiling as if nothing had happened.Lily felt relived for a second,turned around to to tell James that their son was somehow fine and that Voldemort was gone when she realized that James had died a few moments ago. She let out a sob, her tears started racing faster then ever.Harry looked at James who was on the ground, his eyes still open, a flicker of tears on his eyelashes from when he was begging Voldemort. Harry smiled at James and said"Dada"No awnser."Dada"No awnser."Dada"No awnser."Dada"No awnser."Dada"No awnser."DADAAAAAA"Harry screamed No awnser Whenever he would see James he would call him dada and James would always smile and awnser or hug him, kiss him. But no matter how many times harry said dada,James did't move. So he started crying:"Dadaaaaaaaaaaaaa"Lily finally heard Harry's moans. She said" Har, honey look at me, don't cry honey. You see,dada has gone to buy a house,a bigger one in a place called 'll go to him when ready."Harry sill continued to cry "Dada's gone but we'll see him soon"Harry seemed to belive her when she said her last sentence but he turned his face and saw James again, thought he was back called him a few times and started crying again Lily told him that dada was gone but they would get to see him soon. He calmed down but Harry saw James' emotionless face again ,called him a few times and it happened again. Lily lost count of how many tiems this happened but she would smile at Harry and tell the sentence everytime he would start crying. She was so lost in trying to calm Harry,she forgot to cry for her dead 21 year old husband.She was about say it again when shw heard a fimilair voice shout:"Jamesssss!Lilyyyyyy! Where are you? Why is the door open?""We're in Harry's nursery,Sirius."Sirius Black was a kind of man who was very had spent so many years watching her mother torture her brother and trying to stop her that you would think he was immune to every sadness in the world, but when he came upstairs and saw James' body,he fell to ground,uable to move."Pada" said Harry,smiling."Sirius,please cover up James before Harry starts cring again."Lily said, her voice tired.Harry started saying dada at the mention of James' name and started crying again when he heard no awnser as he looked at cries brought Sirius back to life. He brought a blanket from James and Lily's bedroom and covered up James.Harry,suprised at the disappreance of his father,said"Dada?"He looked around and saw Sirius again, smiled and said"Padaa" with his arms in the air,asking Padfoot to hold him.Before Sirius picked Harry up from his crib he freed Lily from the ropes with a spell."Take him outside this room"she commanded "Why?""So I can say goodbye to my dead husband without hearing my son moaning and calling him"Sirius took Harry outside the house. With his free hand he grabbed his wand from his back pocket and conjured his patronous and looked at the dog, unable to think what to say. He thought for a moment and said: "Go tell Albus Dumbledore and Remus Lupin to come to James and Lily Potter's house right now."The patronous nodded and started running away.At this moment Lily came outside her eyes red and her face wet. She took Harry from Sirius' arms and said "Go say goodbye I've got him we'll be fine a minute or two without you.""No I'll stay here with.I can do it later. You two need me more than I need to say goodbye."She gave him sad smile as he wrapped his arm around her waist. Waiting for Dumbledore and Remus to show up and thinking how could Peter do this?Soooo hi guysss This is my first fanfic. And I am not english native.So any comment and opinion is sooooo welcome😁So feel comfertable to say anything, including telling me about any dictational problems.Thanks for reading😘

Harry was drifting off to sleep when Dumbledore and Remus arrived.Remus quickly made his way over to Sirius and Lily but he stopped when Sirius' wand rose."what do we call you and why?"Sirius said holding Lily's waist tighter."Mooney,because I have a furry little problem"he chuckled at his own joke,the joke that qas actually James' way of saying that Remus was werewolf in public,but instead of smiles he saw that both Lily and Sirius' faces paled. "Where is James by the way?"Harry,who was half asleep,half awake,woke up and said"dada?" and looked around thinking James was he didn't see James he closed his eyes again. Lily was shivering so much that Sirius took Harry from her,rocking him softly so he would go back to sleep. Remus was suprised to see Lily shivering and said:"Lily!If you're cold why don't you wear a coat? Is everything alright?"Lily's shivers turned out to be sobs she was holding in. Tears fell down her face"He was..."she started crying and decided that she needed her son to calm down so she took Harry from Sirius and kissed him. Then she let her head rest on Sirius' chest, probably looking for comfrot, and she felt comfrot and ease wash over her body as she heard his heartbeat. It was like she needed to know that at least Sirius hadn't left her,that he was still there,with regained her composure and continued:"He was here,Voldemort I mean."She wanted to continue but she saw that Remus pushed her aside,held Sirius by the collar of his shirt,put his wand on his face and said "How could you sirius?you played all of us for 11 years. How could you sell them to..."That was when Lily who had given Harry to Dumbledore broke them apart and stood in front sirius who was panting and said "Remus he didn't sell us.""He was your secret keeper. There is no other way. Who else could have done it?""No,Remus,he wasn't. We changed it to Peter. We were going to bluff Voldemort. We didn't think he would take Peter as one of his death eaters. We thought we could trust apparently we couldn't. He sold us to him,remus. Peter was the rat spying in the Order and sending information to him. Peter sold us not sirius."Remus who was breathing heavily shot Sirius an apologetic look and recived a sad smile which made him wonder how were they alive if Voldemort was there. "Then how are alive if he was here,not that I'm ungrateful. I'm just wondering." He asked "And how did Harry get this curious cut on his forehead?"Asked Dumbledore calmly Lily had a feeling that Dumbledore already knew what had happened to James and that's why he asked about Harry. She also knew that Remus knows that James is gone and he was asking because he was just hoping what he thought was not true."James is... he is... oh god"she started crying again,tears wetting her face."James is gone, ."said Sirius coldly."WHATTTTTTTT?""Be quite...at this rate...you'll wake...Harry" Lily said"professor... how about we... go to hagwarts ...and use your pensive... I can't ...say 's... too much."She said in between her sobs.Dumbledore gave a sleeping Harry to Sirius and said"I can bring it here but go inside. It's dangerous out here."And with that he disapperated.They all went in. Sirius said that he was going to put Harry in his crib but Lily insisted on Harry sleeping on the couch where she could see him."You should go see him Sirius."she said as the tears were covering her face."Remus is and Harry will be fine."Sirius went upstairs. Remus already knew the awnser but he just had to be sure. "He is upstairs? By he you mean James' body?"Lily only nodded. Somehow her tears were still coming. It was like they were never going to felt his reality turned upside down. He couldn't belive it. James Potter was dead. Peter was traitor. Lily and Harry were alone now. Harry had no father.Remus started crying. His best friend, the boy who turned in to a stag for him, the boy had just become a father, the boy who who asked out Lily Evans more than ten times a day when he was 16, the boy who showed such kindness that was not humanly possible, was dead? No that couldn't be right. He had to see the body himself to belive.It was as if Lily could read his mind "You can go see him when Sirius is done."she said."but I reckon that will take a while."a sad smile emarged."they were brothers." She said still letting the tears come down from her eyes."what am I going to do without him Remus?"Remus hugged her and said:"we'll be fine Lily. We will go through this togather, me, you, Sirius and Harry. It'll be hard but we'll manage. We'll be fine,I promise."Just as Sirius came down the stairs with very puffy and red eyes and a very wet face, Dumbledore apperated with his pensive and ushered for them to come. Lily gave him her memory and then sat down with Harry saying that she didn't need to see her husband's death again. They put their heads in the pensive and a few minutes later came back up. Remus and Sirius' faces were very very pale and Dumbledore's eyes had lost their usual spark.They looked at Lily who was now patting her son while he was asleep and admired her strength."If it that had been me red,I would have killed myself."Sirius said,his tone indicating he really meant it."Me too."agreed Remus "You are very strong Lily and belive me when I tell you that is exactly what harry needs growing up, a strong mother, just like you." Said Dumbledore Lily mummbled under her breath"Thanks.""So where are you going to go and live after the funeral red? I've got a feeling that you don't want to stay here." Said Sirius "I don't know.I'll rent flat or something, I haven't figured it out yet.""I'm not Sirius Black if I let you rent a flat.""What?""Lily,I will die before I let one of my best friends,who happens to be my brother's wife meaning my sister in law and her son go rent flat when they can live with me.""Nooo Sirius it will be too much trouble.""No Lily,I mean it. Ilove both you and Harry so much as if you were my sister and he was my son. Also Lily, I don't think either of us should be alone right need each lost the person who was close to the both of us.""You're too sweet. Fine. But I will move out as soon as I can.""We'll se about that."Sirius said with a smile. Deep down they both knew that was not going to happen. And suddenly they realized Remus is gone."He is probably off to see James"Lily said as she started crying loudly for the first time that sat beside her and held tight as she moaned. "why?...why?... why? He didn't do anything wrong. Whyyyyyyy?"She cried when Harry woke up and started crying and saying dada. She cried because for the first time in her life she could't tell her son that it would be alright because she knew it wouldn't be alright. She cried because she couldn't tell her son that dada was outside and he would be back soon. Dumbledore looked at them with sadness in his eyes,thinking why. Remus came down and joined his crying friends. Dumbledore felt a tear coem down as he saw Lily softly rocking Harry and moaning why as Remus and Sirius held her."Why indeed" Dumbledore thought.Hi. I hope you are all satisfied with where the story is leading to. I feel so happy to share this little part of my imagination and I feel so happy that you like it. I update as soon as I can.Love you all.xoxo. Mahsa

Hey guys, in case you want to get in the mood, I recommend "What Would I do Without You" by Drew Holcomb & The Neighbors. She came back to grimuld street wondering how to this without him. what the hell was She supposed to say to Sirius ? She can't just pop in and say:"Hey padfoot,it turnes out I wasn't sick because I was worried about the funeral. Apparently I am pregnant with my 21 year old dead husband's baby. How ironic is that?"She felt herself shiver from the news. She thought about the rumors and got scared about what everyone would think. They would think it was James', they would think it was Sirius'. They would call her a whore. They would call him a dirty bastard. They would say that James a poor pathetic man who didn't see what was right in front of him. They would all be so hemulitated and insulted,and the rumors would destroy not only her and Sirius but Harry as well. Merlin. She sighed. It was so damn scary. What would Harry say when he grew up? Would he belive her when she said she wasn't with Sirius? She begged every god there was that the baby would look like James so everyone would belive her. She didn't really care about what peaple said herself,the only reason she cared was Harry. The rumors would destroy his life. They would make fun of him. They would tell him that his mother was whore who destroyed two pure-blood bloodlines. They would say that his father was a blind idiot. The bastards at school would wreck her son. What was she going to do?She reached the door of number 12 and opened it. She heard her son giggle and smiled at the sound. She entered the living room to see Sirius holding a blanket in front of his face and Remus holding Harry and saying "where is paddy?"Harry looked puzzled and tried to find padfoot and said "Pada?"Then Sirius lowered the blankt and Remus said "There he is" and Harry stated giggling and loudly said "PADA" and leaned towards Sirius fell into his lap and started pulling on his hair and rings, looking at them in amazement with the biggest smile on his face. Padfoot laughed at him and cuddled him. Lily smiled. "Stop laughing at my son Black!""Black?! Back to last name basis? What's wrong?""Nothing." She said with a sadness in her tone. "Whoaaaaa,What happened?Is this about the funeral Lily?It's been only two weeks since his death,no one expects you to be better and the fact that feel sick and vomit is completely know I've been sick too."said Sirius with affection and sadness in his eyes as he looked at Lily with concern."Oh yeah,that reminds me,How did it go at the hospital? Was it the flu?or stress?"Remus asked worriedly "Oh um... about that...I ummmm. How am I going to say this I ummmm"She hesitated,breathed and looked at Harry. He looked exactly like James except for his eyes. When Harry smiled at her,she felt like James was smiling at her,encouraging her to share the big news."I'm pregnant"Both their smiles faded away as they looked at her with schoked and amazed looked."What?"Sirius asked looking wierd "I'm pregnant with my dead husband's child" she said as she started sobbing Remus took Harry from Sirius and took him to his room to put him in his crib to sleep but Harry who had saw Lily crying started weeping and saying"Mama" over and over again. Sirius got up as soon as Remus took Harry from his lap and hugged Lily as she cried. "oh, Sirius, what the bloody hell am I supposed do? How the bloody hell am I supposed to do this without James?How am I going to this without him? I can't do this alone.""You're not alone Red,you have me and Remus and Harry. We can do this together. All four of us.""But Sirius,I...""What Lily? What is it?""What about the rumors? They will ruin Harry's life. And my life. And your life. And Harry will belive the rumors and will hate me for them. And so I have to spend everyday of my life drowning inside the sea of my son's hatred." She said as the tears rolled down her face. "What rumors?""Sirius,I live with you. You found me and Harry on that night. You were James' best friend. You practically lived with us when we were in hiding. I'm pregnant. What rumors do you think?" Lily stated as a matter of factly. Sirius hesitated and thought about what Lily had said and then after a few minutes."I get that they will ruin you and me but how will they ruin Harry's life?""Because if the child doesn't look like James, Harry will belive the rumors and then he will hate me no matter how much I try to tell him they are not true. Then he will lose both me and you because he hates us and he will be alone. And of course he will hate the baby. Oh and...""Lily anyone with mind knows that you wouldn't do something like that.""Really? So you think no one will think I'm a prostitute?""Anyone who's important won't. Red, if they can't see the love you have for James,they are not important and it doesn't matter what they think. They can go stuff it for all I care. "Lily buried her face in his chest "I love you, padfoot. you always make me feel better. Thank you you're an amazing friend.""I know red. I love you too."He kissed the top of her head. "Now let's go tell Remus before he thinks you're broken forever."She chuckled at his joke."Fine." She smiled "Let's go tell Harry that he is going to be a big brother."When they got there, Harry was asleep and Remus looked worried so they reassured him that Lily was fine and...happy. She said that she is happy that she is pregnant. And then as walked down the stairs she said "Do you remember the day I told James I was pregnant?"They all remembered that day looking both amused and sad.Sooooo next chapter is going to be a falshback to the time Lily told James she was pregnant in 1979 Hope you enjoy reading this 😘😘Happy reading Stay tuned for the next chapter. Sorry this one was a bit short.
