"The thrall may lure the eyes to see a desirable being. But actions are their own burden to charge. Show the desire. Never control the body. For nothing can create love but a human heart." - a veela saying...Words are like breathing. Only realizing you are surrounded by them when starting pay close attention. They are not just on a street sign or writing on a paper message. People breathe words because they never stop thinking. You can not escape your own mind. But you are able to share.Share your own mind with the help of speech or writing. It's not just a simple communication channel. It's a raw form of pure magic. This is what Hermione loves and hates the most.The girl was never good at communicating. Of course she is able to say perfectly what is on her mind and what she wants but that is not enough to make friends. Friendship needs a connection.Forming bonds has always been incredibly difficult for her. Always the weird, bossy, know It all. She couldn't understand what the other children wanted, couldn't be what the other children wanted her to be. That's why her first friend was a book.While the other children wouldn't want to associate with the teacher's pet she found comfort in books. Books don't insult you when you try to help someone. They don't judge because you are different. They have knowledge and were made to share it. If her words could not reach others at least the words of others could reach her. She would never be alone as long as she had words to read.Hogwarts changed things.When Hermione found out that she is a witch the only thing she felt was relief. And hope. As listened to Professor Mcgonagall explaining to her parents about the wizarding world a single thought resonated. I'll finally find people like me, I can have friends.So she got ready. With the possibility of making humana friends she again turned to books. After the visit to Diagon alley she decided to learn as much as possible about this new world. Not only did she finish her school books for the year, she also convinced her parents to buy some extras. Like Hogwarts a story. Thought that if she was prepared it would be easier. It wasn't.Her classmates still didn't understand her. She still couldn't communicate well, even though she had readed, had prepared herself, the connection was not there. But then Harry and Ron arrived. The bathroom incident was the final key to finally receiving what her heart crave the most. Human touch. Now there were few things that this loyal lion wouldn't do to keep her friends. Copying her homework was one of them but still they are happy with her.The memories of almost three years ago were what keps Hermione smiling while she explored this new library. Well that and the smell of open pages of stories. Hermione's mother, Jean, was actually French. Every year the couple with their daughter took a trip through the south of France to visit her part of the family. The girl especially enjoyed spending the afternoon with her grandmother. The woman always had some story to tell and was extremely happy to be able to spend time with her granddaughter even if it was to take her to the city library. She left her walk free around the building while distracting herself at a table with some cookbook or cheesy romance. When they finished their respective books they would visit the cafe next door to talk about what they had read. She really loves her granny.Her grandmother was sitting on a sofa in the corner while Hermione was still deciding what to read. She was so immersed squatting in front of the shelves reading the titles that she didn't notice the stranger approaching. Unfortunately the stranger didn't notice her either, resulting in what can only be described as an ugly fall of the two at the floor."Oh mon Dieu, je suis désolé! Est-ce que tu vas bien?"Hermione took a while to process that she had been knocked down. And frankly she would be quite irritated if it weren't for the sincere regret in the stranger's voice. But as always, her social inability could not fail to appear in this type of situation."You are still on top of me." that is what came out of her mouth when she take a glance at the other girl.Which was enough to make her jump and walk at least five feet away from Hermione."I'm sorry!" The girl said with a strong french accent as she convulsively bowed her head in apology.Well the girl registered that she had spoken in english at least and apparently the other one knew the language. Hermione speaks fluent French thanks to the convenience of growing up in a bilingual family. But the tall girl seemed to be making the effort to communicate in a language that was comfortable for Hermione so it was time for her to act accordingly. And the lack of response was making the tall one blush even more so it was time to end the other girl's misery."It's ok really! I was close to the ground. The fall was nothing." replied in French trying to calm the other one "Are you ok? you fell too.""No, no… I mean yes! I'm ok!" repeated as she waved her hands over her face "I think I just lost my glasses." her face was still incredibly red."Hang on." She did a quick sweep of the floor and found the girl's glasses just below the shelf… They were round bottle glasses. Wow, her vision must be worse than Harry's, I'm not surprised that she hasn't seen me. "Here.""Merci." timidly thanked while receiving her glasses and put them back on the face.Now that they no longer had the distraction of apologies. Hermione could pay attention to the girl's face. They must have been around the same age or just a few years apart, she being taller than Hermione. Her face now almost completely blocked by thick glasses and a messy ponytail completed her appearance. She is cute.One thing Harry and Ron knew about Hermione was that she was definitely a complete and total nerd. However, one thing they didn't know about her was that she is definitely attracted to other nerdy girls. Now her hands were starting to sweat because that girl was the stereotypical definition of a nerd sitcom and she doesn't know how to handle people much less an adorable girl!"I'm really sorry for what I did." the cute girl starts to ramble "I got distracted trying to find a book for my sister and I didn't pay attention to where I was going and almost got you hurt in the process." she fiddled with her glasses while she spoke. Yeup, definitely cute."Hey, hey it's really ok it was an accident I don't blame you and nobody got hurt either.""Still…" Hermione didn't let her finish the sentence."Hi, my name is Hermione. We can be friends If you want." Hermione said while presenting her hand for a handshake. But the girl didn't answer, just stared at the offered hand for a few seconds . Great, now you are making the situation weird, way to go Granger!Hermione was so busy having an internal monologue that she hardly noticed that the other girl shaking her hand back."My name is Fleur, I would like to be your friend." Her shy smile was genuine. 

A/N: Hey guys! I was very happy with the positive response this fic received :) So, some warnings before the chapter: I don't have a plan for how long this will be. I know where I want to go but I still don't know how long it will take me to get there. My update schedule will be somehow fast but I don't promise. Honestly this fic is basically me having fun while put off to watch my online classes and trying to increase the number of fleurmione fics on the internet :v Ah, I only know five words in French so nope we won't have a bilingual fic here. If you are enjoying the progress of this story please let me know, constructive criticism is welcome. With the Headmaster announcing the start of the Triwizard Tournament the students couldn't talk about anything else. Seriously they couldn't shut up. Living in a boarding school isolated from the rest of the world makes people desperate to any kind of news as if it were their biggest treasure in the world. It was no joke the Hogwarts gossip channel. However, the only one who didn't seem remotely interested in the big gossip of the year was Hermione. She quite frankly had better things to do. But Albus Dumbledore, the great Headmaster of all times, decided to give the students the free day to receive the new guests. Saying the girl was pissed was very far from the truth.After made the students waiting in the cold of a Scottish night for the arrival of not only a pirate boat anchored in the Black Lake but also a big flying chariot. Hermione was sure she couldn't escape the gossip channel anymore. Her roommates, Lavender and Parvati, were, with no doubt, spending the night chattering. Definitely, saying she was pissed was very far from the truth. Why couldn't she have a normal school year for once?And that was exactly why she couldn't care to pay any attention to the Headmaster's speech not even in the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang beautiful opening presentation at the Great Hall. She was too concerned with destroying her mashed potatoes to care about anything else."Hermione, what did these potatoes do to you?" Harry was one of the few to notice the prominent scowl on the girl's face and couldn't help but question."It's nothing really" she sighed "I just have a lot on my mind that's all" she took the break to take a bite out of her really mashed potato."Oh, I know what is on her mind" snapping her fingers Ginny completed "Today is Tuesday!" She has a suspicious grin while saying this."Well yeah, and?" Ron with his face stuffed with food wasn't understanding the relationship the date have to be with the girl's scowl."Moron" The redhead repressed her dense brother "She is annoyed that with the arrival of the schools she will not have time to deliver her letter to her muggle girlfriend.""Ginevra Weasley! She. Is. Not. My. Girlfriend." Hermione scowl finally vanished giving it way to a solid blush."So" honestly that girl was a tease "You are not denying that you wanted to be delivering your letter instead of being here." ended by pointing an accusing finger at her friend.Despite Hermione and Ginny been from different years the two girls considered themselves close friends. They had shared a room during the Quidditch Cup and bonded over their lack of social skills and love for books. In the younger girl case her love was more towards fiction literature. But books are books for Hermione so they share a really nice friendship. She even told the redhead about her meeting with the super cute French girl that occurred while visiting her relatives. Now she regrets this a little because she let slip that she thought the shy girl was cute and Ginny, being the romantic she was, never let that detail pass.After their first bump in the library they ended up spending most of the afternoon talking about books, nothing and everything at all. Her parents were delighted to know that she had managed to make a friend outside of school and they encouraged their friendship. For the rest of the time she had stayed at her granny's house they often agreed to meet at the city library. Sometimes even at the café next door. For the first time, outside of Hogwarts, she managed to make a friend who seemed as invested in the relationship as she was. Fleur was easy to talk to despite her shyness. She was clever, honest and very, very adorable. The way she held her glasses while explaining something made the girl's heart race faster than a car engine. And this could be Hermione's imagination talking but whenever the two meet, she would have a huge smile just for the younger girl. This was becoming way more than a simple crush.When her trip came to a end they agreed in exchanging letters. It would be much faster to exchange emails but Hogwarts has a policy of not allowing muggle technology inside the castle. Some bullshit about magic interfering in electronics. But at least like Gringotts the wizarding world had an exchange system with the muggle mail, It was just signing a form that her letter would arrive at the other girl house without the concern of revealing the magic. Soletters would have to serve. But being the perfect creature that Fleur was, she didn't bother at all with the slowest vehicle of communication. She even emphasized that she preferred it that way because they would have time to miss each other between the letters. She also could read the girl's pompous handwriting. So cute. "No" responded firmly despite her still pink cheeks "I'm not denying.""Honestly Hermione you should be more excited, we are having Viktor Krum here for the Triwizard Tournament!" Ron said between bites "you can send your mate the message another day you don't have to be all rushed about it."Ginny and Harry Just share a look. How this boy could be this dense? Harry was about to intervene on behalf of the girl when a presence made herself be know."Excuse me" the stranger began to speak with a strong French accent "May I have the bouillabaisse?"Ron's mouth drop and his face started to turn purple. Hermione found the boy's reaction curious. The Beauxbatons's girl just asked a simple question. Honestly the boy sometimes impressed her with his lack of decorum, he managed to be worse than her in social situations."Yeah you can have It." Harry manage to answer."Have you finished with this?" The girl's gaze was fixed on Hermione while asking the question. As if she would only be allowed to have the dish with the smart witch approval.Actually, came to think about It the french girl was openly staring at Hermione. Do I have anything on my teeth?"Yes!" apparently Ron managed to get out of his trance "It was delicious! Very yummy inded!" said the guy who thought the name of the dish was an sneeze.Although had the approval to be able to pick up the plate. The girl, never even breaking the eye contact, painfully slowly removed the plate from the table as if waiting for something. But, for her displeasure it never came."Merci." with the food in hand she reluctantly turned and went back to her table."She is a veela!" the boy still half purple shouted."Honestly Ronald she is not.""How can you say that Hermione! Just look at her!" motion the blond angel with his hands.Truly to his words as the girl walked she was turning a lot of heads."Sure, she is aesthetically pleasing but it doesn't mean she is a veela.""Aesthetically pleasing?" Ginny cuting of her brother ramble for question "don't you mean pretty?""Well, yeah sure she is pretty I guess." The girl replied while scratching her head."You don't seem so sure about that Mione." it was Harry's turn to intervene.Hermione started to feel a little awkward with her friends questions. Okay, how to put it into words."It's… It's like a muffin.""A what?" the three, surprised with the strange phrase, spoke at the same time."Yeah, a muffin" now that she had started she would finish this analogy "My favorite dessert is a muffin. And ok, sure it may not be like a truffle. But even if I managed to agree that the truffle is much better than the muffin in terms of flavor like a truffle is a truffle and a muffin is a muffin. The truffle is just has a taste of expensive stuff that don't appeal to me. While the muffin, although not considered the most tasty is the one I would choose." the girl was very satisfied because she managed to finish her explanation. But her three friends were still looking at her with a strange look."Hold on" Ron was the one breaking the silence "Are you trying to say that she is just too beautiful to be your type?" The girl nod "That's even a thing?""Like I said I recognize that she is aesthetically pleasing she is just not my muffin." spoke as she got up from the table "I go to the owlery while I still have time see you all in the common room."As she said goodbye to her friends little did she know that a pair of sad blue eyes followed her through Hogwarts's halls.A/N: P.S: the muffin theory is based on a real conversation I had with my friends. I'm Hermione cof cof. 

When Fleur was accepted into the summer exchange program for her Muggle studies class she was not even surprised. Like one of the top students of her year this was just what people expected from her. As part of the program she would spend part of the summer with a muggle-born witch family. So, this way she could get to know life without magic up close eyes. Of course she had to fill in a lot of reports about the experience but that did not discourage her. Until two weeks of the experience.You see Fleur has veela blood. Even if she is only a quarter this was enough to cause uncomfortable situations for the teenager. The problem is called thrall. She hates her thrall. The girl doesn't hate who she is, veelas are proud creatures and would never forget their origins. She carries her wand with the nucleus of her grandmother's feather proudly and nothing would change that. But the thrall. It's just really annoying.Most people who come to talk to her are only stuck in a trance. Unfocused eyes. Fake smiles. Lies. As a defense mechanism she created a facade. She became cold. It is hard not to be when you are constantly interrupted by males who think they are the best option for spending her time with because of something beyond her own control. Encouraging those affected has never been an option. The Beauxbatons students call her The Ice Queen. Beautiful as an ice sculpture but with no warm to give.Loneliness was what she chose. Loneliness was what she knew the most. If she couldn't deal with people at least books she would have. You are never alone when you are surrounded by words from the others minds. Books were her escape from a world that didn't understand her. People who didn't care to know the heart behind the mask.Sometimes she just wish to being left alone of that fake world. And that's when an idea came up. What if she managed to minimize the thrall effects? It was a promise of peace that couldn't be refused. The loneliness would be worth it now, hours of studies and delicate tests led her to conclude some promising hypotheses.A veelas thrall acts more as a defense mechanism than hunting instinct unlike many scholars point out. Humans don't attack what they think is beautiful, they tend to protect It. The effects are very easily comparable to pheromones in some ways. Being released largely by sweat in stressful situations. The greatest concentration, however, is found at the top of the head. After a few attempts, Fleur discovered that the simple act of pinning her hair down dramatically reduced the effects. But, that's still not enough.Another curious fact that she discovered was the importance of eye contact. For the trance effect be efficient, it was necessary to look towards the victim. But simply rolling her eyes or not looking directly at the person is not strong enough to cancel it. So the idea for glasses. A pair of glasses so thick that eye contact was next to impossible. She herself would not be able to see with them if she hadn't enchanted the lenses. The fact that they covered half of her face was also a bonus.With only these two discoveries together, she finally could practically pass for a human without creature blood. People would have to look twice to be merely affected by the thrall. Of course she couldn't always use it. Her grandmother would kill her if she knew she was distorting a trace of her ancestors. Nobody wants to be on the other side of a full blood veela fury. So she only used her disguise when she needed time to recharge the spirit batteries.After two weeks on the exchange program, she felt the need to use it again. Wanted to walk through the city library without having to put the cold bitch act. And that's how she bumped into Hermione. Literally.She was so ashamed of falling on top of the girl that she ended up turning into a ramble ball. And the younger girl was so kind about the situation that it was almost unbelievable. Fleur could count on her fingers the number of people who had already been kind to her without being in a trance or be family. When the girl offered her hand with the promise of friendship it was a shock. Fleur knows lies, knows a false expression when she see it. She lived surrounded by them, there was no way not to know. But that smile. That smile was genuine.It was so warm.For someone who lives surrounded by coldness to accept that offer of friendship was like breathing fresh air after drowning. She didn't even think twice.They became close during the summer. Fleur was increasingly fascinated by the girl. It didn't take effort to keep the conversation going, the words never once stopped coming and the time they spent together flew so fast. Each second was precious. She has never been happier. Keeping the letters they exchanged as her greatest tesserae.However Hogwarts came. Her heat source was just a few tables away. But Hermione paid no attention to her. In fact when she tried to get the girl's attention, there wasn't a drop of recognition. It was like looking at a stranger.Fleur was screwed."She doesn't remember me Diana!" the distressed girl could only repeat this while walking around in the carriage floor."Fleur, she writes to you all week." Her friend didn't even take her eyes off the book she was reading while answering "How can she not remember you?" "Well, she clearly didn't recognize me then! And this is much worse!" "This is easy to solve just go there and introduce yourself again." How this girl kept the highest grades in the class was a mystery to Diana."But what if she doesn't like this version of me?""You're joking, right?" The nerve of this girl "You are literally the same person she met in the summer!" Ok, now she was looking at the blonde disaster."Diana, there's a reason why people call me The Ice Queen I am a bitch!" "Well, so stop been one!" She was tired "she'll find out eventually it will be better If It comes out of your mouth." "I can't lose her Diana, she is the only one who doesn't respond to my thrall in this form!" Fleur noticed this. It's a defense mechanism so no matter the gender of a person everyone is affected by a veelas thrall. But Hermione showed no signs of being under it's influence. There was nothing on the girl's face that said otherwise. And finding someone like that is like finding a fish in the desert. Just impossible."I'm scared, I never felt this way about anyone before her" she was on the verge of tears "I can't Just fuck this up." Diana is not a tactful person by any means. But even she realized when someone needed a hug. If her friend needed comfort, comfort she would have."Look" said as she wrapped her arms around the girl "freaking out in the room won't solve anything. if she is the same girl you have been telling me about I doubt she will care that you are a big ass hore sometimes" Fleur snorts "she's your friend before, why wouldn't she accept you?" "I just don't want to hurt her like I always do." "Don't push her away, you will only regret it if you do it." "I'm still scared." "I know. It's scary to feel, but you are going to figure this out" "I hope so." Whispered her desire to not ruin everything.

A/N: the main reason why this story is rather T is because I curse a lot... I mean the characters! Fuck... Anyway I hope you guys are enjoying what I have written so far, I'm really having fun while writing between my classes. Am I a bad student for updating this fic instead of doing my homework? Nah. Don't worry, our smart dumpass will be fine this is a fluffy fic. If you guys like the progress so far don't forget to comment, I like to know what you think. Gives me motivation :) The best way to deal with a problem is to face it. Hermione is a solemn believer of that phrase. She wouldn't have been able to keep Harry and Ron alive over the years if she didn't follow that. The girl is a planner. She analyzes, studies the best possible strategy and puts it into practice. Every. Fucking. Time. However, this does not apply to people.After much analysis she realized that the best way to deal with people was not to deal with them at all. Being an antisocial and socially weirdo she was that logical line was not only perfect, it was infallible. And it was exactly this way that the smart witch was dealing with Beauxbatons and Durmstrang student body. By hiding in the library.Not that it wasn't normal to spend much of her time at that place. But Dumbledore announced two weeks ago the champions of each school and to no one's surprise Harry was one of them as well. Of course the universe couldn't give her the grace of a quiet school year. What she was even thinking!She immediately believed the boy when the boy confessed he had not put his name on the Goblet. Why he would do it in the First place? He was troublemaker not crazy for Merlin's sake. But Ron was having a hard time seeing the truth blinded by his silly grudge. So Harry was forced to compete in the tournament, their best friends weren't talking to each other and the foreign students started some short of campaign against the boy's participation! This kind of stress level was certainly not healthy for her heart.On the top of all this she didn't have a proper time to write a letter to Fleur. One of the her reasons for hiding in the library, besides avoiding human beings, was to be able to have a quiet place to write a reply to the blonde last letter. That had been the smallest letter she received since they started exchanging messages. Hermione knew she was busy with schoolwork and did not hold it against the other girl. Yet, she really missed reading the sweet words they exchanged.She was thinking about It while looking at the shelves in search of something to help Harry stay alive during the tournament she pulled out a book about the history of magic regulations.And then she fell.In fact she was pushed to the floor.Again."I'm so sorry! I wasn't looking where I was going!"a voice with a strong French accent starts apologizing.This really brought some memories back… wait a minute! "Fleur?" lifting her head off the floor Hermione found the pair of glasses she so much adore "It's really you!" Hermione held the other girl's hands while smiling from ear to ear "I can't believe I'm meeting you here! Wait, what you're doing here you are suppose to be in France!" despite being confused the joy present in her words has not diminished.Fleur wanted to scream.Right there in front of her was the object of all her recent emotional turmoil. Just right on the day she decided to take some time off for herself because the blonde was no longer bearing the presence of her own colleagues' bitterness because they weren't Beauxbatons chosen champion. She was definitely not ready to face Hermione yet. Her feelings were not in the right place to have this kind of conversation! But with the other girl holding her hands so happy she couldn't simply cast a memory spell and run through the corridors to hide in her room until the end of the school year. Because for the first time in months. Hell in years even. She regained her warmth just by looking into those bright eyes.Running was not an option."I'm… I'm here for the tournament! I'm a Beauxbatons student!" Ok, great start just ramble the most obvious thing that comes to your head Delacour! Fortunately, Hermione was so distracted by the happiness of the reunion with her friend that she didn't pay attention to the nervousness which the other had spoken."I can't believe It, you are a witch too! And you are here at Hogwarts's!" Hermione's excitement only increased as she spoke "We can have our chats in the library again!"This conversation is certainly not going the way Fleur expected. She had prepared for the worst of rejections ever. But here she was. Still lying on the floor holding the hands of the other girl who looked at her as if she were the most colorful sunset in the sky.Her heart was beating so fast it looked like it would run out of her throat at any moment. She was almost forgetting that she needed to breathe for live. Hermione was the only thing she could think of. The only thing she want to think of."May I have my hands back? I need them to get up." said the nerdy girl with her most flirty smile. Smooth, get some of your veela confidence girl! "Oh right!" Hermione blush while freeing the other girl hands and getting up herself "I'm just really happy you are here, I got lost for a moment." Said while scratching her hair embarrassed."Me too, I'm very happy that I bumped into you again."They stayed in a comfortable silence like this. Just looking at each other's smiling eyes. Until Hermione speaks."You know what's funny? The Beauxbatons champion is also called Fleur and I couldn't stop thinking about the coincidence since I heard it""Yeah about that…" she should have said it louder because Fleur was cut off before she could explain the situation."Having people with the same name in the room must be boring." she pondered "I had three Matheus in my kindergarten class and it was always a mess when the teachers shouted that name."There are times when your brain just shuts down and the part that keeps you from talking shit and your mouth just run loose without control."Yes... It is tiring sometimes." Why are you agreeing with this bullshit! How you can't see we are the same person!"I don't know how your schedule is but can we meet every now and then?" She moved her feet from side to side in a nervous gesture as if afraid to bother the other girl too much "we can even do just a study session to not disturb you so much If you would prefer?"Fleur bit her lip. This is a dream? Is she really nervous that I refuse that wonderful request? Oh, she is doing that cute thing with her nose… "Hum, Fleur?" The blonde girl was so lost in her own mind that she forgot that she had been asked a question."I... I don't know when I will have time due to my… extracurricular activities" does participating in the tournament count as extracurricular activity? "But any free time I get you will be the first to know.""Really?" her sweet voice sounded so hopeful with the reply Fleur fail to fight her own grin."Really, spending time with you is never a bother to me."They ended up leaving the library after catching up a little. Research and books long forgotten. With the possibility of meeting again, both left with a warm heart.Fleur. Was. Definitely. Completely. Utterly. Screwed.A/N: If someone speak the word potato in the comments I will make a cover art for this fic :D

A/N: Diana is the voice of reason. Also I'm only using the plot points I want :p Hope you guys like this chapter. It would have been much easier to have heard Diana's advice and tell the truth to Hermione. Like, so much easier. The decision to simply agree that there were two Fleurs in the class was a completely unthinkable act of her part. Well… not really unthinkable.In the millisecond it took to answer her brain was haunted by flashbacks of all the interactions she had with the other students over the past few weeks. Stuck in a cold stone castle. With a bunch of hormonal teenagers who don't know what the world no means, unless it is followed by the phrase: "Stop talking to me if you don't want to be hexed back to hell." Seriously, nobody teaches people about limits these days? Besides having to deal with her why she doesn't recognize me situation. To say she had been a heartless bitch was far from reality.So here she had a chance to confess she was the girl known as Ice Queen and be rejected by the person who opened her heart or continue to be seen as the nerdy girl who can still have study dates with Hermione. Fleur's mouth agreed before could even think about the mess she was getting into."Fleur what were you even thinking about!" Diana shouted when she finished hearing about their meeting.The Beauxbatons students were very lucky that Fleur remembered to cast a silence charm before delivering the bomb. That was the only reason Diana didn't wake up the carriage and the entire castle."How does she not know you are the same person? You have the same fucking name for Merlin's sake!""She doesn't know my last name." Fleur low replied.Whenever the blonde signed their letters she always used her middle name. Isabelle. She honestly just wore Delacour for official affairs giving preference to her middle name whenever the opportunity arise. Who could have predicted this would contribute for the mix-up problem?"It's not that bad." her attempt to ease the situation was clearly not appreciated."You are a imbecile, you know right?" her tone was more bored than angry."I know" she swallowed "but what you wanted me to do! She just likes me when I'm wearing glasses!""How you know this?" Diana pinched her forehead while answering "You didn't even bother to talk to her without them." She had a point."Because everyone pays attention to me except her!" As narcissistic the phrase is, it was still true.Even without the help of the thrall Fleur was still drop dead gorgeous. It's not difficult attract glances wherever she went. Except for the ones she wanted to attract. Not only did Hermione not recognize her but there was nothing. Not a single drop on her face saying she wanted to know this version of herself. Fleur saw this the first time she approached the messy hair girl at the Great Hall, and every other time the older witch watched her from afar through the halls. Her face never had the same glow that existed when they bumped into each other again at the library.That terrified Fleur."Look I know I did a pretty big mess." said while playing with her fingers "But until I am sure that she will accepted me in both forms I just… Just I can't tell her yet."The girl with the cold heart and sharp tongue is long gone. There before Diana was a creature in its most vulnerable state. Her friend for the first time in forever was allowing herself to feel. The blonde hands were shaking so badly she tried to hug herself trying lessen the effect. The frozen heart was finally melting."You are afraid because you are in love with her." a statement not a question."I don't know." Fleur almost cried saying that "I don't know how love feels like, I have this feeling swallow my heart every time our eyes meet that I could say it's love, but, I can't even put this emotions into proper words." she let out a long breath "I will not do the irresponsibility of declaring my love to someone without being sure about my feelings first, especially when this concernes one of my only friends."No matter how ridiculous she got herself into this situation, there was still a little bit of maturity present in the 17 years girl."Look I'm on your side ok, even if I still think this is a stupid idea."Diana won't leave. Her sense of loyalty was too strong to allow that. But boy, she would have a headache later "if the problem is getting this girl to like you just go there and talk to her, you manage to do that once how hard it could be?""You are right, how hard it could be?"Turns out the answer is extremely hard.While her glasses version managed to maintain a pleasant relationship with Hermione her pretty version couldn't even get close to the girl. No, serius she literally couldn't get close.Whatever chance Fleur had of initiating some short of contact in the halls she was either interrupted by someone from her fanclub or Hermione disappeared to help Harry or some teacher.Trying to meet her at the library wasn't helping either. Viktor Krum had a suspicious interest in going there now and her and Victor's fanclub didn't mix well. Even those who kept their distance could be incredibly loud which clearly irritated Hermione and made her leave early.On top of that, due to Ron's tantrum with Harry, the boy who lived was spending most of his free time with the object of Fleur's affection. The only interaction they had was during the champion selection ceremony and she was not one of the most receptive beings to the boy's forced participation.She was sure he saw her as a spoiled prat. Just because Fleur made herself very clear that she was pissed at the boy's participation in the tournament. But who wouldn't be pissed? The boy was two years younger, he did not have the experience required to participate! Not to mention the fact this tournament was incredibly dangerous. Ther's clearly some kind of conspiracy going on against this boy. The headmaster was crazy in allowing him to participate.With him almost always glued to Hermione side she couldn't let herself approach. Charming more than one person was not in her plans, especially someone who already had a bad opinion of her. No, Fleur would have to approach the girl alone.Which was impossible because she never found the girl alone! Well, not her pretty version at least.Hermione. Sweet, caring Hermione. Insisted on cleaning some of her time to spend time with Fleur even with her heavy schedule. And the blonde was weak to deny anything coming from the smart witch. The progress she made with her glasses version was inversely proportional to the progress her pretty version obtain. Fleur was in the same time in paradise and in hell.She was completely lost. The only way was to wait for the opportunity to appear. little did she know that it would appear sooner than she imagined.

A/N: No one. Literally no one...Yeih guys! I made a cover art for this fic!  Yeup, I draw this myself :D That's how I imagine our glasses Fleur, I hope you all like it. If you are enjoying the progress of this story so far please leave a comment. Although I write purely for my own enjoyment (I will update when I want :p) I would like to hear what you guys think. Constructive criticisms are appreciated :)Despite all the problems that were occurring around, Hermione was happy. Happy would not even be the best word to describe the state of euphoria in which she found herself.She was in love.She couldn't call the warmth feeling a crush anymore. It would be far from the truth if she called It a simple crush. She was head over heels, madly in love with Fleur. Never in all her 15 years of life Hermione thought she could love someone that way. Finding the girl in the library again was one of the best days of the year. Heck, of her life even.It was worth all Ginny's teasing she had to put up with. The redhead could be a pain in the ass sometimes. But she was still an excellent friend. As soon as Hermione dragged her through Gryffindor's common room to ramble that her letter's friend was at the castle with one of the other schools the girl was the clearly definition of supportive. Encouraging the girl to go on her dates with the blonde. That was the pain in the ass part.Hermione didn't even bother to hide she was smitten with the blonde. In fact she even admitted exactly that after only three minutes of conversation. Seeing that Hermione's relationship could be promoted to the next level just for the way the smart witch was talking about their interactions Ginny couldn't just let it slip through her fingers. She would be a very bad friend if she didn't encourage the girl with the only and truly ultimate act of friendship. By teasing the hell out of her."Hey Hermione, when is your next 'study date' with your girlfriend again?" she made air quotes with her fingers while saying this."Tuesday and she is not my girlfriend.""Yet." said while touching Hermione's nose with a bup sound.Trying to control the growing blush that wanted to come Hermione merely removed the girl's finger from her face and continued walking towards the class as if she had not heard the other one. Ginny just kept walking behind her with a grin on her face. As they headed for the next class together they noticed a suspicious commotion near the potions room.Harry and Draco were clearly arguing. From what the could observe it had something to do with a button? That said Potter stinks? Sirius? How people could be so immature was beyond her ability to understand.Draco, not satisfied with his childish attempt to humiliate the boy who live, still had the audacity to call Hermione a mudblond. And that was the last straw that made Harry pull out his wand causing them to hex each other. At least try too. The only ones affected were Goyle and the girl whose honor he was trying to defend. Why men have to be so emotional in their fights?And as if that weren't enough Snape still had the sinism to look at the girl's obviously unnatural growing teeth and say he saw no difference. Jerk. Hermione ran out in tears without even hearing her name being yelled by Ginny.Going straight to the infirmary would have been the wise choice. But the girl was not in the right emotional state to think straight at the moment. She needed to calm down before she could deal with Madam Pomfrey questions. Which was why against all logic she was crying in Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.Despite being a terrible place to do anything related to a bathroom due to the constant company of the ghost girl it was a great place to have a break down. You could be left to suffer and cry in peace. Nobody ever went there. At least no Hogwarts student went there.Fleur impatiently opened the bathroom door. Madame Maxime had been keeping her on a strict training routine since the first task was announced. The only thing she wanted was to take a shower and sleep until her next meeting with Hermione. The Beauxbatons carriage was great but apart from the students rooms, a common room and the eventual toilet it was not equipped with showers. They had to restrain themselves with Hogwarts's ones.The veela was irritated by the fact that the bathroom on the fifth floor had been closed due to some prank a suspected pair of twins had made. She would have to put up with the notorious ghost while cleaning herself.snif snif.Speaking of the devil. Fleur thought as she took her bath things from her bag. But, her heart was not prepared for what she heard next."Hello? Myrtle? It's you?"As much as Hermione's voice was squeaky and difficult to understand because of her new teeth, Fleur would recognize that voice anywhere. She could feel the anger rising for a completely different reason that the bathroom inconvenience. Who made my Hermione cry!She was so possessed with murderer feelings that she didn't register the box door opening."Fleur Delacour?" Oh, fuck just what I needed now.It didn't matter that at that moment Fleur didn't have her glasses. Nor that she had not yet had a single interaction with the other girl in this form or that she was more sweaty than a pig in the farm. The tearful girl was more important."What happened to you?" the soft question was an attempt to bring comfort to the situation.But Hermione didn't register the tone, quickly covering her mouth with her hands and trying to avoid the other girl."I'm Fine." said with a still very sob voice."You are clearly not." despite her direct words Fleur was very calm.At least she appeared to be calm. She still had possible murder plans when found out who clearly hexed the smart witch. Maybe it was this calm dementor that kept the crying girl talking."I just stayed unfortunately in the middle of a hex." she sighed "I't no big deal.""It is a big deal. You are crying." another direct answer."Well, it's hard not to cry when you have beaver's teeth wanting to come out of your jaw!" even this small conversation effort was enough to cause pain.She was ready to finally get out of that bathroom and visit Madam Pomfrey, as the girl should have done since the beginning, when the following sentence stopped her."I can heal you if you want.""You would heal me?" couldn't hide the disbelief in her voice."It's a simple reducto spell, I can cast It for you.""Why?" She wasn't sure what Why she was asking for.Why helping me?Why were you being so kind to me?Why even though we don't talk with each other I trust you?"Because you were crying." a simple and honest answer.It was enough to convince the other girl to agree."Ok, you can cast.""Are you sure?" She still asked while preparing her wand for the work."What more worst can happen?" that was Hermione way of saying I trust you.And Fleur spent too much time with the younger girl to be able to understand that. She indicated with her finger the bathroom mirror while speaking."I just need you to let me know when they get to the original size again, ok."Hermione nodded and Fleur began. Worked in silence, the teeth gradually reducing to the original size. The blonde noticed that Hermione missed a little more before indicating that her teeth were ok but decided not to comment for now."There you go. Felling better now?""Yes" she passed the tongue between her new teeth "thanks Fleur, you didn't have to do this for me""I know I didn't have to, but offered because I wanted to."How to decipher this girl. Known by all as the Ice Queen the cold heart bitch and yet showing an act of kindness just because she saw a stranger crying. They are wrong about her."I should go back to class." said scratching her head."Oh ok, I need to take my shower, that's why I was here anyway." momentarily remembered that she stink and was still close to the girl. She mentally curse herself.Hermione stopped in front of the door. Her back turned at the other girl, she added."Really thank you Fleur you was... are very kind." She did not wait for an answer while leaving the girl alone in the bathroom.You're the one who makes me kind.The training could have wiped out Fleur's body. Two twins were still running around making pranks around the castle. She has yet to discover the wand owner who hexed Hermione. But none of that mattered at the moment. Pretty Fleur had finally made progress.

A/N: Someone said potato! Here the chapter :v Hope you guys like ;) I promise a happy ending, but we have some misunderstandings that get in the way First.Madame Maxime discovered in a rather suspicious way what the first task would be. Dragons. It had to be dragons. Why couldn't they be butterflies instead?The good news was that with the physical training Fleur had been receiving she would have no problems in a fight. The bad news you don't fight with dragons. Like really, it's incredibly difficult with eight trained wizards locking one. A teenager with a magic stick has no chance. Crazy jurors and their stupid tournament. But before the girl could enter an endless curse spiral, her Headmaster had the decency to inform that she wouldn't need to fight per say. Just take something from the fire-breathing beast in an arena full of students watching. Great, just fucking great.At least Diana was making herself useful and was helping Fleur with her research."How the hell you beat something that has an impenetrable skin to magic and can turn you into a barbecue?" She said as closed the book with a bang. Diana was starting to get frustrated with this research. "There is nothing in these books that teaches you how to defeat a dragon!""I don't have to defeat It." Fleur didn't even take her eyes off her paper pile as answered."Well, running away is no use the flying beast will follow you." she pinched her nose while brainstorming "if you can't fight or run away the only solution is some kind of distraction." vaguely gestured with her hands as she said this."What do you suggest I do then?" Fleur finally faced her friend."I. Don't. Know." She raised her hands in a exasperation sign "I don't have to have all the ideas here, I am terrible with Magical Creatures Care! Honestly why they couldn't send you to sing a lullaby to It?"The brain is a curious thing. What people don't realize is that sometimes when they are bullshiting the things that come out of their mouth are not necessarily bullshit."That's actually a good idea." Fleur pointed."A what now?""Diana think about It, you said yourself that my only option would be a distraction. if I put the dragon to sleep I will simply have to recover what they sent me to without the danger of a wild magic animal trying to attack me!" Fleur clapped her hands in excitement "That's brilliant! I could kiss you right now!""Hey, save it for your girlfriend."But Fleur didn't stop to hear the last comment. The girl ran out of the carriage with the same elegance of a wet goose towards the castle. More precisely to her favorite meeting place with a certain brunette.Meanwhile in the library Hermione was not so lucky. Harry had figured out what the first task would be and he was screwed. Not only the boy have to defeat a fire-breathing giant beast the Hogwarts staff also did the favor of removing from the library any book that had the word dragon in the title. He was definitely screwed.Hermione, despite almost developing gastritis at that point, wouldn't give up so easily. She had already instructed the boy to learn numerous spells that could be useful before the announcement of the first task. She just needed a little push on the brain to find something useful against a dragon.That's how Ginny found her. Surrounded by scrolls and books. Hands covered in ink. Lost on a table in the corner of the library. A typical friday evening."Hey Hermione, I thought Harry would be here with you?" Ginny had a confused look as she spoke. Had Fred been wrong to say that the two had gone to study together?"He was but I kicked him out." said as she scrawled something on the parchment."Why you and not Madam Pince kicked him out?" Ginny crossed her arms waiting for the answer."Because" she closed her book "He wasn't helping me so I sent him to practice some spells in the meantime." Honestly sometimes it seems like he doesn't care about his own safety."Rude but understandable." The redhead could see a little the reason for the frustration. Harry tend to be a little to procrastinator "I think you need some time out of whatever this is." said pointing to the stack of books and scrolls on the table."I don't have time for a break Ginny.""It's scientifically proven that you can't keep more than forty minutes of focus on the same subject without your brain starting to divert attention." There were interesting curiosities at the end of some Muggle magazines her dad collected. Ginny just loved.Hermione couldn't argue with logic. And she knew this fact was true, but nothing stopped her from being stubborn."Your point?" She narrow her eyes in Ginny's direction."Chat with me for a fifteen minutes break and I Will bring you a sandwich so you don't have to stop whatever this is." the best way to get a workaholic to agree on a break was by making them think they weren't going to waste more time."Fine!" put her papers neatly aside before turning her attention back to the girl "About what you want to talk and remember you have a time limit." Hermione started to worry seeing the other girl's grin."Oh I don't know." She does " How about the fact that your letter friend is in the castle and so far and I don't even meet her yet?" She really does "Why are you keeping her all to yourself Hermione?" her voice almost sang with the amount of teasing involved.The smart witch, despite being used to her friend's teasing, cannot help but try to suppress a pink blush that was reaching by her neck."She has a tight schedule with all the advanced classes that she takes." Hermione mumble."But even with the tight schedule she always makes time for you, no?" she was very pleased that her friend's blush had hit her cheeks. It was time to talk seriously "I know that I am a mere spectator from outside but I believe that you should confess your feelings for her soon." her eyes found Hermione, extinct was the playful tone of her voice. This was the support friend."I…" she swallowed "I really have to ?""I don't say you have to." Baby steps "I spend a lot of time in the background seeing relationships you know? And by the way you talk about her It makes me almost sure that your feelings are mutual."Hermione had pondered that thought."Sometimes I believe they are."Another interesting curiosity: Being in the corner of the library on a Friday afternoon is not a privacy synonymous.Fleur in all her elegance was stuck with her hand still holding the book about magic songs off the shelf. She didn't mean to overhear their conversation. Her ears were just trained to pay attention to Hermione's voice on any occasion. The blonde didn't hear much in her defense. But Hermione was talking about the possibility of confessing to someone and as much as she wanted to respect the girl's privacy she couldn't convince her feet to move."So what are you afraid of? She doesn't strike me as the type who would reject and stop talking to you.""Perhaps the right occasion." The girl took a long breath "She is too special to me, I have to make It right.""Don't take too long, you tend to overthink things a little.""Just a little?" Hermione smile hearing this."I'm been nice." She gave the girl her tongue before adding "Honestly, I think you're going to do well, it's not like you're going to confess to Fleur Delacour." Ginny snort "Ok her fanclub is annoying I give this to her, but their Majesty doesn't even bother to answer.""She is not so bad." Hermione remembered the incident in the bathroom and how Fleur looked so kind with her. Ginny was giving her an incredulous look "Anyway It doesn't matter, she is certainly the last person I would confess too." Even if she intrigues me a little."Oh yeah, pretty girls are not your type right?""Right. A truffle, not my muffin."Fleur discreetly left the library with her book clinging to her body. Neither one of the two Gryffindor's saw her. Diana would find her friend later with a broken heart crying on her pillow. A phrase always repeating on her mind while sobbing. she is certainly the last person I would confess too.

A/N: Good news ! I planned the next chapters, apart from this I plan to write 7 more and maybe an epilogue. Hope you guys like :) Standing alone in the tent, Fleur wondered what she had done wrong. Madam Pomfrey was seeing her slight burns, apparently a sleeping dragon could still spit fire. Who knew dragons snore? But it wasn't the burns, let alone the tournament that invades her thoughts.Hermione.They hadn't spoken since Fleur had overheard the conversation with the redheaded friend in the library. Apparently getting ready to put a dragon to sleep took more of her free time than she expected. The rational part of her brain was using this excuse to try to convince herself. Fleur was not avoiding Hermione. The girl had Harry to worry about. They just didn't have the time.Lying on the stretcher while looking at the ceiling was the only moment that the blonde really started to process her feelings. This is what love looks like? It's so much warmth. How can a heart withstand so much heat? It burned more than the wounds on her legs. Love is this fire that burns acheless without seeing.I'm really in love with her. Fleur sighed. I'm in love. It was not a moment of epiphany. It was more than an evidence of a hypothesis and proof of a theory. It was finally a fact. Her, my Hermione. I'm in love with Hermione.The points were announced and Fleur's placement had not been so bad. Second place. Just below Cedrico. Everything was fine. It was not. Maybe her heart had to get used to second place in more than one field.Hermione was in the library again, but alone this time. After the first task and having ensured that Harry left alive she wanted some peace. So she went to her happy place. The only thing that could make the place more pleasant would be the presence of a blonde with glasses. Their meetings were short now, Fleur seemed to be keeping something to herself. Been more held. That worried the girl, but she would give the blonde space, if it's something that needs to be said she would give her time. She really knew what it was like to keep something and still not be ready to say it. I should…A cough."Hermione?" a heavy voice with a strong accent interrupted her."Viktor Krum." unlike the boy Hermione did not enunciate as a question. Everyone knew the champion. The doubt was how he knew her?"Yes that's me." he gave a nervous laugh."Right... Do you want something with me?""Oh, yes yes." scratching the top of his head he continued "I was wondering if you already had a date for the Yule ball?"Oh yeah, Professor Dumbledore announced a ball, I had entirely forgotten."I actually don't have a date for the ball." should I invite Fleur? It looks like a great opportunity to confess. Wait, he's still talking. "Sorry, could you repeat that please?""I asked if you would like to be my date." seeing the girl's blank expression he added "to the ball, my date to the ball I mean."A famous Quidditch player was inviting her to the ball. Not even in the most absurd moments of her life could she imagine anything like this. There was only one answer she could give."I'm flattered." she was not "Unfortunately I already plan to ask someone else so I will have to say no Viktor." despite the harsh words she was really trying to make the rejection sound gentle as posible.The boy looked sad with the answer, but a no was a no. He would respect that, his male pride was not that fragile."It's ok, I had to try at least." his smile didn't reach his eyes "I hope you two have a great time.""Thanks Vikto, I hope that anyone else you take have a great time with you too."The player left after that trying to keep his head up. Hermione was going to go back to her books on the table when she was interrupted again."Was the one who just left Krum?" Ginny had to stop showing up behind people without making a noise. Hermione would have jumped out of her chair if she wasn't already used to it."It was.""What did He want?" asked as she sit and placed her potions book on Hermione's table."Nothing important, he just invited me to the Yule ball." said in a disinterested tone. Ginny However…"He ask what!" the redhead shouted."Shhh, I don't want Madam Pomfrey kicking us out." just thinking about getting thrown out of the library made her body shiver."Sorry." lowered her voice "But Krum? Serius? Man, what you even said to him?" she knew very well what the answer had been but still needed to ask."I thanked and said no obviously." Who she think she is? A straight person? "Anyway I already plan to invite someone else.""Oh, don't tell." the conversation had become more interesting "Finally found the courage to confess and what a romantic way to do it if not with the excuse of the long-awaited dance of the year." She was grining " Teasing aside I'm happy you are doing this.""Thanks Ginny, I think in the end your teasing help a little.""Well, If It helps that's mean I should tease you more.""Don't push It."Despite the decision, she only managed to meet Fleur briefly throughout the week. And since Hermione didn't want to leave until the last minute to invite the girl. It seemed kind of rude, as if she thought no one else would invite her. Fleur is super cute who whouldn't want to invite her! No, she had to do it in the next opportunity. Which apparently was right now.Bang.For the third and not the last time she was thrown to the ground by the person who held her affection. The only difference would be that this time it was in the castle halls on her way to the library."Merde, Hermione are you ok?""We should stop meeting like this." said in a flirtatious tone while helping the blonde to get up."I'm clumsy unfortunately I can't promise." if Fleur noticed the flirt tone she didn't show "But I'll try to pay more attention, I really don't like to hurt you in the process.""It's ok I don't mind as long as it's you." her tone was hopeful. As if being thrown on the floor was something she waited to happen again. It made Fleur's stomach turn."Want my company to the library?" diverting attention was the best strategy for Fleur's weak heart."Actually, can we talk first?""Sure." Fleur had no idea what this conversation would be. It made her hands sweat."Here, follow me." Hermione took the girl's hand and led her to an empty class. Making sure they were safe of prying eyes inside the room, she closed the door and continued."So…" or tried to continued.Came on Granger, she is staring at you! Say something! I even had a plan… wait my plan of course!Hermione began looking for something in her bag. When Fleur was starting to get confused the smart witch found what seemed to solve his nervousness problem. A folded piece of parchment."I thought it would be more symbolic if I gave you a letter instead of just saying what I feel." She said, handing the parchment for the girl to read.What you feel? It could be?Fleur unfolded the letter delicately trying to hide the nervousness she felt. This was not the first letter she received but by far it was the most important and the blonde would treat it as such. Running her eyes over the delicate handwriting Fleur could hardly believe what she was reading.Dear Fleur,I should warn you beforehand this is not a usual letter. It's a love one.Because yes Fleur I love you.I crave your company more than I ever crave another person presence.When I first saw you I could only think that you were the cutest girl I had ever met. But I fall in love with you because you are so more too.You have such a big heart.Are very very clumsy.Love books as much as I do, sometimes I think more than I.Even if you are not afraid to show your opinion you are willing to listen to others.You eat the shell of the sandwich first.Prefers pens to feathers for writing.Always try to convince me that coconut shampoo is great for the scalp.I could spend hours citing all the qualities that I see in you but I want to finish this letter one day.So Fleur If you accept my feelings. You would make me the happiest girl in the world and go to the Yule ball with me?forever yours,Hermione.The confession was for her. Fleut couldn't believe it was for her. Here she was reading all the sweet words she wanted to hear. All the little things that made Hermione love her. And she couldn't stop crying.The love of her life was confessing to the one part of her that couldn't take her to the dance. Because Fleur Delacour was a champion of the triwizard tournament and should attend to the ball. Not Fleur Isabelle. Fleur Delacour, the girl who according to Hermione had no chance of inviting to the ball. As much as she longed to say yes…"I can't." holding the letter to the body sobbed with the pain the words caused.Hermione had not yet registered the rejection. I was more concerned with the state of crying that the girl was entering. She was her friend first."Fleur are you ok…""I can't go with you to the ball, I'm not who you think! I'm a fucking lier unworthy of your love!" shouted what was almost her confession."What are you talking about…" Fleur took off her glasses and untied her hair, making Hermione stop in the middle of the sentence.Fleur is Fleur. Hermione stood there in shock, unable to do anything else. Rethinking all of their interactions, how had she not realized before that the two were the same person?"I'm sorry." was the last thing Fleur said before running out of the room. Not even hearing Hermione's cry pleading to wait.A/N: Everything will be resolved in the next chapter, I think our two idiots have alredy suffered too much. I'm not sorry though this had to be done. 

A/N:Here the chapter you are all waiting for ;) Hope you guys like. Coments are always appreciated. A auternative name for this chapter was: The best friends support grup. Three days.Despite popular opinion to the contrary, Diana was incredibly patient. She has already waited four hours in the muggle subway just to be able to go to her sister's graduation party. She waited three months of Hiatus from Wizardcomic's to re-publish her favorite series. And except for the eventual curses, she never complained once. Diana is patient. But she had a limit.So she decided to wait exactly three days after Fleur's breakdown to do something about It. Because clearly the blonde was going to continue moping around without taking action on a situation that may well be resolved. Only needed the right ally for the issue."So, let me see if I got it." despite reluctantly agreeing to talk to the Beauxbatons student Ginny was starting to see a wisp of hope " You want me to help you with this plan, which I loved by the way, because you believe that our two morons need to get their heads together and just talk with each other?""Yes." her answer was short and to the point."Ok, I will help you." honestly if Diana hadn't shown up she was already ready to make an intervention "Just for curiosity how did you know I was the person who could help you?" Ginny had never exchanged a word with the Beauxbatons student, let alone Hermione. How she knew they were best friends was some how curious."Because." Diana sighed, she was already tired "Fleur doesn't shut up when she starts talking about Hermione and Hermione talks a lot about you so Fleur talks a lot about you so I knew exactly who to turn to."Ginny, seeing the girl's exhausted face, did not insist on the matter.But what exactly was the brilliant plan you reader must be wondering. It is exactly what the author believes that many if not almost all of you wish to do with this two useless idiots. Lock the two of them in a room and make them talk about their feelings. The perfect plan. Shock therapy.Ginny's role was simply convince Hermione that Professor Flitwick wanted to revise a new material on unusual applications of charms with her. After the emotional turmoil the girl had gone through, that would be a good distraction.Little did she know that as she made her way to class, Hermione steps were being watched closely. When opening the door it was strange not to find the little man in the room. Stranger yet was the door abruptly closed. And locked."What the hell is going on?""Oh, Hello Hermione my name is Diana is nice to finally meet you." a calm voice echoing behind the locked door spoked "Answering your question this is an intervention and the two of you will only leave this room when you resolve everything in a mature and civilized way."Said the girl who locked two people in a classroom… Wait two people?Slowly as if in a trance she looked better around the room. Facing a pair of blue eyes that Hermione didn't think she would find anymore. Fleur Delacour. Her Fleur was sitting on a chair in the middle of the room with an expression of marked irritation on her face. She was pissed."Diana!" The blonde shouted as she headed for the door "Open this door right now I don't have time to deal with your antics!" Yeup, definitely pissed."No, I'm not open It." the calm voice that had spoken to Hermione vanished and at her place was an equally pissed Diana "I had been patient enough, you have been more ridiculous than a boggart spell and I refuse to continue watching it happen and doing nothing about It." she paused for breathing a little "Look, I know you need your time to process things and whatever but you are walking on a self-destructive path and avoiding the problem! I'm only doing this because I know you can take It, you take more shit at school without even flinch a dame muscle!" Even if Fleur could see her friend wasn't the one been difficult she wouldn't admit it out loud "You need a push, this is not a problem just talk with her ok." Despite lowering her voice Diana leaves no room for disagreement.Silence filled the room. Fleur was still facing the door, her back was the only part Hermione could see. She was avoiding the problem, of course she was. But even If she wanted to talk to Hermione was the other girl willing to talk? She was basically thrown into a room without her consent, what If.. A tentative touch on Fleur's shoulder broke her thoughts."Let's sit on the chairs for that." For her surprise Hermione didn't have a drop of anger or resentment in her voice. She was gentle. Even keeping an inviting smile while taking the older girl to sit. This was confusing."You are not mad with me?" Fleur not even try to hide the vulnerability in her voice. Moving her hands in a nervous gesture the blonde could barely face the girl."Mad it's not the word I would use." She sighed "I'm more confused and sad, but not by discovering that you are well you, it's more because I know you were avoiding me than anything." assured the other girl.Fleur's stomach turned. The last thing she ever wanted was making the joy of her life sad."I… I'm not good... dealing with my emotions. Using Diana's words I have a self-destructive way of dealing with them." I repressed them, was what she was trying to say "I'm not even sure how to start explaining myself to you." a dry laugh come out."It would help If I make some questions and you go answering?" searched for the other girl's hand as saying I'm here. I'll hear you. With the warmth now present in the palm of her hand Fluer nod in agreement "Ok, first you even need glasses?""No, I actually delighted them not to be prescription ones." if this was going to happen better it would be with total honesty "I actually use them to have peace.""Elaborate more please.""I have veela blood Hermione." After Rita Skeeter article this had become common knowledge "Even though I'm only a quarter it's still enough to give me a thrall. It affects everyone and it's incredibly frustrating." She growled "I'm not exactly the friendliest person in the world and that's part of the reason. I'm not a trophy that they can just try to win, I'm a person and I want to be treated with respect but most importantly sincerity." said this while searching for the girl's eyes. Fleur needed Hermione to understand the weight of her words "I'm cold and push people away because I want something genuine and the glasses and the ponytail was a way that I found after a lot of research that decrease the efficiency of my thrall. Is... the way I found to have a moment to be myself without needing a mask all the time." You know the real me.Hermione wanted to hug the girl in front of her. She could see the years of pain and hurt on the veelas face. You kept your heart so high protected in a tower that you didn't realize you couldn't see the sun anymore. Never leaving Fleur's hand she continue asking."I don't think your thrall affects me though." I don't go into a trance or talking nonsense like Ron. She pondered the question " How It's work?""The thrall may lure the eyes to see a desirable being. But actions are their own burden to charge. Show the desire. Never control the body. For nothing can create love but a human heart." Fleur recited her grandmother's words "It's a veela saing, we don't… we can't create emotions we only show what the eyes want to see. It's a defense mechanism for the most part, nobody attacks something that they think is beautiful. ""If it's a defense mechanism why I'm not affected by It?" this was incredibly curious."Some people are naturally resistant, it's rare but it's a possibility."Throughout the conversation the blonde seemed to be getting more comfortable. Now that she realized that Hermione was receptive to listening her nervous tics decreased. Difficult question time."Why didn't you tell me who you were when I didn't recognize you?""I was afraid." She bit her lip "You were one of the few people who really wanted to meet me and when I tried to approach the first night here you had no reaction." quickly added " This is not me trying to get rid of the guilt, I should have said something when we bumped into the library.""And why you didn't?""Because… Because I'm a bitch, like they call me The Ice Queen for a reason. I was afraid… No I was terrified that you would hate me if you found out. But I never wanted to continue to lie to you." I love you "I put the idea in my head that you had to like both parts of me before I could told you the truth." She laugh "It's stupid when I said It out lout now, you are my Hermione you always want to know what's under the book before giving an opinion." Her eyes sparkle "I thought I made progress before the first task and I was ready to confess but I overheard a conversation you had in the library one afternoon saying that I would be the last person for whom you would confess and chicken out." She was ashamed of her cowardice."I was wrong however." a look of confusion followed her "I did confessed to you in the end and even now I wouldn't change a single word of that letter."Fleur's heart began to pound fast. This girl was looking her in the eye, hearing all the excuses she gave for lying and still felt the same. This is a dream."You still want me?" Hope. She feel hope.Hermione was grinning from ear to ear."Why wouldn't I? For everything you told me you are still my Fleur… that is If you would have me.""I want." her response was instant "I wish nothing more than that, Merlin, Hermione I'm in love with you too." You are my sunshine.The class was once again silent. But not as uncomfortable as the first. It was the silence shared between two lovers who didn't need words to demonstrate what they felt."We still need to talk." by the way Hermione spoke it didn't seem like she intended to continue talking."I know." was Fleur only response.Their faces began to slowly approach the other's space. Fleur gently took the girl's cheeks in her hands. Their noses were almost touching now. Hermione could feel the other girl's breath joining her own. Her heart beating like crazy with so much warmth. They only needed a few inches to finally…"Oh, good you two are making out." nobody had realized that Diana, concerned about the silence opened the door to spy on them.The two witches, very embarrassed about be interrupted, immediately move away."Diana, my dear friend, go to hell." Fleur words only had the effect of making the girl laugh."If you are cursing again this means you are ok." clearing her throat she continued "But, if you have already solved everything, you need to get out, this room is not technically allowed for students at the moment.""Are you kicking us out of the very class you locked us in?" Hermione's eyebrows lift with the question."I like this one Fleur.""Me two, very very much." turned her face, sweetly smiling, at the smart witch."Stop using your french romance genes, we don't have time for this, move move."They didn't mind being thrown out of the class. If their linked hands confirme anything they are just happy.
