A.N. / i am in no way affiliated with jk rowling nor would i ever want to be.EXTENDED SUMMARYPeople know of them, but they don't know them; That's the mystery of the green trio. As Hogwarts' only drug dealers, Cersei, Diana and Luka are kind of notorious at this point even if they aren't that well received amongst their peers otherwise.They prefer to keep to themselves anyways, so who cares? They have more important things to focus on.Like Luka's absent father.Like Diana's Deatheater parents.Like Cersei losing her first love.Like the inevitable return of You-Know-Who.Beginning at the start of Goblet of Fire, follow the Green Trio as the expansion of their 'business' brings them way more trouble than they were ever looking for.Chapter 1September 1st, 1994With the clicking and chugging of the train's engine and wheels, and the heavy patter of rain against metal, the young witch's mumbled incantations could barely be heard. She waved her wand over the silent stereo system once again. From arguing with her mother over why she had to bring it to school to carrying it from home to the platform to the Hogwarts Express would not be for nothing and by Merlin's word, Luka would make this stupid machine useable at common room parties.Why for all magics advantages, it was one hell of an inconvenience when it wanted to be. How the hell did it interfere with technology? Wasn't that just supposed to be something ghosts did?"It's okay if it doesn't work." Cersei said, leaning back against her seat with a pout. The parakeet perched on her shoulder nipped at her neck when he was forced to shuffle down, closer to the two cats watching his every move. "I'm—ow, Henry!—sure we could find something else."Luka didn't look up. "Shut up, I'm trynna focus."She remembered the words etched in black ink on creased parchment only just weeks ago, the same words sent to the same two friends, Cersei and Diana, sat with her in this compartment. The promise of music at any and all hours. She wasn't letting those plans fall through. Taking a deep breath, she steadied her heart, tightened her grip on her wand and spoke.The stereo whirred. Cracks of static spilt through for a long second. And then—finally—music.The smooth harmonies of Boyz II Men filled the space around them, overshadowing the sounds of the train and Luka pumped her fist in the air. She looked between both her friends, a triumphant grin breaking across her face as they clapped.She set the stereo on the floor and relaxed, watching as one of the two cats—Salem, the black one—was momentarily distracted by the contraption. "The hat didn't shout Ravenclaw for nothing.""I'm still not sure on that one," said Diana with a snort."Well, we're five years in and I haven't heard word that it's changed its mind yet." She straightened the stereo with her foot. Salem jumped back. "Salem, the stereo isn't going to hurt you—actually, has anyone ever switched houses? I mean, we were kids. People change.""I don't think so." Diana said."Don't think people change or don't think anyone's switched houses?""I don't think anyone's switched houses. The Sorting Hat's the most powerful Legilimens in the world.""Yeah, but that's the thing though," Luka said thoughtfully. "It's a Legilimens, not a fortune teller."Diana gave a small shrug and Cersei, who'd been staring out the window, looked back to her friends and furrowed her brows. "Wait, aren't you supposed to be in the Prefect cart right now?"Luka's eyes widened, realization dawning on her. Right, that was something she was now. Something which she imagined was Flitwick's veiled attempt to get her to participate more often.Sharp as a Kneazle you are, he'd told her a handful of times before. I only wish you'd raise your hand more often in class.She stood quickly to leave, but her path was at once blocked by the trolley woman. Curiously, the trolley woman glanced at the music player before blinking and staring at the girls."Anything from the trolley, dears?""Oh, yeah!" Cersei stood, taking the few steps to the threshold. Fluffy, the other cat—a sphinx belonging to Diana—watched intently.Luka waited patiently as the brunette fished through her pockets for spare change as she made orders for a number of different sweets. The trolley woman handed them off easily, though Luka was having trouble keeping up with the order as Boyz II Men sang about fulfilling their lover's needs. It was a great song, but she'd need to figure out a way to get the contraption to play specific tracks on command. The radio was absolutely not a reliable playlist.After dropping a few galleons in the palm of the woman, Cersei sat happily back in her spot, dumping all her food out on the bench."You get any chocolate frogs?" Luka asked.Rifling through her pile, Cersei let out a deep sigh. "Fuck.""'S alright. I'll grab em as I go and bring some back after the stupid meeting."The trolley was parked outside the next cart, the woman repeating the same phrase to whoever resided inside as she always did. Luka came up behind, black hair falling in thick curls over her face as she counted out the sickles in her hand and waited for the student to make their order. Salem was at her feet having followed her out."Got any Liquorice Wands?"Her nerves shuddered and froze entirely at the first note of the voice. The person with which it belonged to came to form in her mind, a memory of his laugh playing along to the music drifting out of the cart she was just in. Somehow she could still hear her heart beating out of her chest. She wasn't even sure it was him and not his twin. Their voice alone wasn't enough of a tell. How many sickles did she have again? She'd lost count—actually she'd lost the ability to count entirely. Slowly she lifted her head, flicking her hair out of her face.The difference between the twins was so slight, and somehow she knew that not a meer metre away from her was none other than George Weasley waiting patiently for his candy. When he noticed her, he smiled.She gave a small smile back and looked away."Something you need?" The trolley woman asked, turning to face her."Ch-Chocolate frogs, please!" Luka said, inwardly cringing at her over-enthusiasm. "Forgot to grab them before…""Dyer, right?"Her gut clenched as she met George's eye. She nodded."You and your friends got, er, the stuff for this year?"She nodded again. "Yup. Cersei's been growing 'em all summer.""Wicked." He said, his smile growing. "It's made"—he glanced at the trolley woman handing Luka her frogs—"get-togethers all the more exciting."Again, she nodded. "Yeah. Agreed. Well, I'll be seeing ya then."God, he must think she had a head injury.Awkwardly and quickly, she paid and darted in the opposite direction to the Prefect cart, only slowing to check her reflection. It wasn't the worst, but she certainly could've looked better.She certainly could've acted better too.—"It probably wasn't that bad." Diana said as their carriage stopped and they readied themselves for a run to the main entrance of Hogwarts.Cersei agreed. "And you have the rest of the year to talk to him again.""I just wish I didn't shit myself every time he looked at me." Luka said. "It's like having a miniature stroke.""Him and Fred are fit as fuck." Diana said, brows raised and launching herself out into the rain.Luka did the same, Salem tucked in her robes, shouting, "You know?!"As quickly as they could, they raced to the school, climbed up the steps and ducked inside. In such a short time, however, they still found their robes soaked and their shoes all caked in mud.Wringing out her robe, Cersei made a disgusted noise. "Ugh—You could always get absolutely pissed if you need."Luka nodded as Salem climbed out of her soaked robes and sat comfortably on her shoulders. "Honestly, that might be my best bet—you have been growing the Magic Caps, right?""Of course. Who do you think I am?"The trio followed the crowd into the Great Hall, barely dodging Peeves and his free-falling water bombs. Water splashed against their robes and Cersei had to grab onto Diana to keep from slipping on the wet floors. As the crowds split off to their House tables, the three fifth year girls felt much less inclined than their peers to do such a thing.It wasn't shocking to anyone that they were all in different houses—Cersei in Hufflepuff, Diana in Slytherin, and Luka in Ravenclaw. Truly, even on a physical level, the trio looked slightly mismatched but each, with reasons of their own, had never understood the distinct sense of belonging their peers had achieved in their Houses until they'd befriended each other.It was halfway through first year at the back of Potions class, shared between Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw, that Luka's snide remarks finally found way to a pair of listening ears. Cersei had approached her after class eager to chat shit about Professor Snape. He's a git, isn't he? Not a week later, Cersei brought along Diana for lunch after an incident in Flying class. Apparently, it involved Cersei swinging upside from her broom but otherwise nobody was hurt. At the time, it'd all seemed like a happy accident that'd led to the trio forming, but according to Cersei, it'd been purposeful.She'd actually spent weeks watching Diana and Luka, two plain-as-day outcasts, before finding a way to approach either of them. Nevertheless, they'd been friends ever since."Aspen!" called Cormac McLaggen from beside the Gryffindor table just as the girls were about to split off."If we ignore him, maybe he'll go away." Luka said.Cersei clicked her tongue indignantly. "Not bloody likely.""Aspen, tell me," he said as he got closer to Diana. "At the World Cup, who were you rooting for? The Irish, the Bulgarians, or the Deatheaters?"After the events from two weeks ago, it seemed everyone was more on edge—the mere mention of Deatheaters had already drawn the attention of nearby students—and despite not saying anything, Cersei and Luka knew it must've been eating at Diana. Her parents might've been locked away in Azkaban, but the surname Aspen ensured their notoriety followed her everywhere.Diana glared, hand on her wand. "Piss off, McLaggen.""But you haven't answered my question."Cersei stepped between them. "Did you not hear her? She said piss off."Cormac grinned. "And what are you going to do if I don't, Crane?"Both Diana and Cersei were raising their voices and wands now, poising themselves for a fight as McLaggen stood there looking far too pleased with himself."10 points from Gryffindor," Luka said, forcing herself into the middle and raising her voice for others to hear. Cormac fumbled for words when some of his housemates began to berate him."You can't—"She tapped the badge on her robes. "Would you like detention too?"Begrudgingly, he returned to the Gryffindor table, complaining under his breath the whole way as Cersei and Diana taunted and waved him off."What a prat. I vote we blacklist him and his friends," Cersei suggested. "Gryffindors are already obnoxious enough without Magic Caps in the mix."Hesitantly, the girls finally took a seat at the very end of their respective House tables, where there were fewer students, as they always did. It was easier to shout to one another that way or throw notes.The Sorting Hat came and went as first years clamoured to join empty seats. Luka stared unamused at the enchanted ceiling and counted stars when a paper ball hit her head. She swivelled to glare at Cersei, but the rusted creak of the doors to the Great Hall distracted her. New Professor, she thought. Let me guess: Defence against the Dark Arts?She was still quite bitter about Professor Lupin's departure at the end of last year. Werewolf or not, he'd been her favourite so far. By far the most competent too, and with this year being her OWL year, the disappointment dug its talons in deeper. She hoped he was doing well—or at least as well as he could.Hopefully Moody knew what he was doing. He certainly looked like he did what with his wooden leg and strange mismatched eyes."—the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year.""The Triwizard what?" Luka mumbled, looking between her friends.A mere muggleborn—presumably as she'd never known her father—Luka had always learnt as she went along. Every year came with new surprises. Cersei and Diana, on the other hand, were Purebloods and if not for them, Luka would've had to rely on books and the news entirely for explanations. During summer vacations, they'd been her only consistent communications with the wizarding world, but now as she looked to them for unspoken answers, both were watching their Headmaster intently.As Dumbledore droned on, Luka understood why. She grew more enticed at the prospect of a tournament. Two guest schools. Mortal danger. Glory. A thousand Galleons."—no underage wizard—"She huffed, throwing down her fork. "Shit."—It was all anyone could talk about. The Triwizard Tournament. Not for the faint of heart and not for the weak of magic, but everyone seemed convinced that they were exactly the ideal candidate. Luka was mostly mad she didn't have the slightest chance of taking home the grand prize and after listening to Whitney Burbank repeat the same question to every single person, including third years, who came close to her vicinity—Are you going to try putting your name in the goblet?—Luka rightfully felt the overwhelming need to drown herself. By dinner, she was surprised she hadn't already.She wheeled her way through the crowd and found her friends already waiting for her at the end of the Hufflepuff table."I'm starting to think Burbank can speak English, but not quite understand it." Luka said, sliding into the seat beside Diana. Her friends fell unnaturally quiet. "Shit, did I interrupt something?"Cersei made a sour face. "Nothing.""Cedric walked by." Diana said.Luka's mouth formed a small O. "How was that?""Fine," Cersei said, though her tone suggested anything besides that. "I don't even care anymore.""Didn't you break up with him?""That doesn't mean he can find someone else.""You don't even know if he has," Diana said. "All he did was look at Cho."Luka furrowed her brows. "Cho Chang?""Yup.""If you want, I could hex her." Luka offered.It was her unfortunate luck to have both Cho and Marietta Edgecomb for roommates. Marietta more so than Cho as Marietta was particularly stuck-up and recently sour about losing out on being Prefect.Cersei's eyes lit up. "Can you?""We should—"Yelling was spilling in from the Entrance Hall and at once, the three girls rose to see what the ruckus was about, only to find the crowd was too dense to push through. Luka being the tallest—although still of average height—got on her tiptoes. The most she saw was the towering figure of who must've been Mad-Eye Moody."Oi," Cersei said, tapping a fourth year in front of her. "What's happening?""Moody turned Malfoy into a ferret!""He better turn him back." Diana said.Luka snorted. "Yeah, he's a lot harder to admire as a rodent, isn't he?""Says the one who can't look George in the eye."Other students trickled away from the crowd, creating a small opening to peer through, but by then, the most interesting events had already passed. There wasn't a single ferret in sight and McGonagall stood there berating Moody.Disappointed, the girls returned to their seats and watched as countless others found their own. The Great Hall was filling up quickly as usual."Oi! Cersei!" Someone called from down the Hufflepuff table. Justin Finch-Fletchley had gotten up, left his friends in the middle of the table and approached the trio. When he was standing before them, he spoke much quieter. "Have you got any of the, you know… with ya?""Right now?" Cersei said, staring at the boy like he'd absolutely lost his mind. "Yeah, let me just pull it out in front of our professors."Luka chuckled, but quickly shut herself up when Justin's cheeks went rosy.Beside her, Diana who looked as if she had a headache coming on, said, "We'll meet you in the Hufflepuff Common room after dinner."Justin nodded, quickly apologized and went back to sitting amongst his friends, who'd been unabashedly staring. Truly nobody knew anything about what it meant to keep something on the low. After the whole "murderer on the loose" fiasco in the previous year, the last thing Hogwarts needed was to start administrating drug tests to every student—or even have its professor at all aware of drugs on school grounds.Cersei swiped a finger across her forehead as if she were sweating. "Being the school's only dealer is hard work.""Imagine how hard it'd be with McGonagall on your arse." Luka said.Cersei scrunched her nose in disgust. "McGonagall? No. Now if it were Dumbledore—""Stop." Diana said, covering her laugh."—The things he could do with his wand—""STOP."Cersei took out her own wand, drawing a heart towards the Headmaster. She ducked quickly when Dumbledore's head shifted towards them. Luka howled. Her gaze darted from the Headmaster, and casually swept over the Gryffindor table as she laughed along with her friends, a warm feeling bubbling in her chest.It erupted when her dark eyes found blue staring back at her. Clearing her throat, she focused on the table instead."Don't look," she said, "But the twins are staring at us."Cersei spun right around to check. "Want me to call them over?"Luka lifted her head immediately. "No!"When she glanced at the twins again, they'd already turned around and gone back to chatting amongst their friends.AUTHORS NOTESso there's the first chapter. my goal was mostly to set up the girls and their place in the wizarding world, and then next chapter starts to get into more where the story is going—although there's still inklings in this one.and just to put it out there, this story is going to be closely following canon. i kind of want this to read like it could actually be a spin-off to the books as a challenge to myself with writing and as a way to explore some beloved characters with a lot more depth (i.e. the twins, draco, cedric, etc) bc oh god ive written so many notes prior to writing anything ripANYWAYS, hope you enjoyed. chapter 2 should be up soon (it's actually done; i just have to edit)

Chapter 2September 15th, 1994Becoming the school's drug dealers had, by all accounts, been just a happy accident, but the creation of the plant itself had been Cersei's passion project for the first half of their fourth year. As Luka could vividly recall, the girls had spent weekends in the Greenhouse up until Christmas when Cersei had finally been able to find the perfect combination of herbs. A combination that, unlike regular weed, negated the chances of experiencing a bad trip and threw in a slight amount of hallucinations just for the fun of it.For a few short weeks after, it'd been entirely for the trio. They'd smoked in the courtyard at lunch, tucked away from the view of nosey professors and rats disguised as students, and gone to class giddy. During Divination, Magic Cap had turned quite useful. On multiple occasions, Trelawny had praised Diana for her ability to read the crystal ball so precisely and nobody was really the wiser. Rumours had flown around about what the girls were on, but it was only on the first trip to Hogsmeade after winter break that anyone actually approached them about it."How much are you selling it for?" said a sixth year Slytherin."What?""Off it," he'd said. "Everyone knows what you lot have been up to."Without missing a beat, Luka had answered, "Two galleons for a gram."Like most things at Hogwarts afterwards, everybody knew—or rather everyone who wouldn't go snitching to the staff knew. There'd been a few veiled attempts to get the girls caught, but they had loyal customers and ears in every social group.Besides, what teacher would really believe the trio were actually capable of doing what they were doing? Cersei was well liked and on the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, Diana had never set a toe in detention or spoken against a teacher, and Luka gave the appearance of a model student to the point of being made a Prefect.It was the perfect alibi.Sitting on a stone ledge in the courtyard, Luka couldn't help but smirk to herself as she counted out galleons. They'd made well over a thousand galleons in one semester last year; it'd been two weeks and they'd already made over a hundred."Someone's coming," Diana alerted, and Luka promptly slid the money into an enchanted coin purse, dropping it in the inside pocket of her robes.As the person got closer, Cersei stood, "It's Seamus."Luka looked up. "Honestly I thought he forgot.""'Ello there, ladies!" the Gryffindor said, stopping in front of them. "Business going well for ya? I'm fourth year now, ya know?"Luka sighed; a hint of amusement laced through her breath. "We know, Seamus.""I can buy from you now, can't I?""We were hoping you would." Diana said.When they'd started selling, the girls had laid out rules for themselves, barring anyone under fourth year from purchasing Magic Cap for obvious reasons (getting eleven-year olds high wasn't exactly something they wanted to partake in). The Gryffindor standing in front of them had been one of many third years who'd tried to find a way around it and failed.Seamus grinned from ear to ear. "Alright, how much can 4 galleons get me?""Two grams," Cersei said, reaching into her robes and pulling out three baggies. "For you, we'll make it three."His grin grew as he passed her his coins. "You know, you have to get your reach out to Gryffindor," he said, nervously glancing at Luka before shifting his attention back to Cersei. "Some of 'em are just too scared of being caught out here.""Give us the Gryffindor password then.""Now I can't go doing that. You lot in Gryffindor would just draw attention. It'd be a right shame if you got caught." He shoved his Magic Cap into his pocket. "I better get going then. Be seeing you."From where Luka sat, she swore she saw Cersei's eyes twinkle. "Say hi to Dean for me."A look of annoyance flashed across Seamus' face. He smiled quickly to cover it. "Ai, I will."Luka waited, watching the boy walk away, and when he was out of earshot, she shook her head. "You do realize Seamus has a crush on Dean, right?"Cersei furrowed her brows, deep creases carving themselves into her skin. "What?""Yeah. And I'm pretty sure Dean likes him back.""Are you sure?"Diana snorted. "To be fair, I don't think they've realized it—and he's right, by the way.""He is," Luka said. "It's the one house we don't have consistent customers with—aside from Seamus now, and Fred and George. Everyone else only comes to us for parties."Cersei huffed, but quickly looked to her friends with eyebrows raised. "You think Potter would sell for us?""You hate Harry.""I do," she shrugged, probably recalling the multiple occasions she'd badmouthed the boy after a Quidditch match, "but honestly with his long hair, he's starting to grow on me."Diana nodded. "Agreed.""He would bring up sales," Luka said after a moment. "Maybe we should ask."They didn't end up asking Harry Potter for a hand. The Boy Who Lived had better things to do, and the girls couldn't bargain their business on a newfound, erm, admiration for the boy over something that could easily be changed with a pair of scissors. One haircut, and both Cersei and Diana would be back to asking what the hell was so special about Potter.Luka could understand their annoyance even if she didn't partake in it. She felt bad for him more than anything else and Harry was probably just as annoyed by the fact that everyone always had his name in their mouth.The rest of the afternoon had been quite quiet. The girls had gathered in the Hufflepuff common room and chatted about, making a sale here and there, before and after dinner until it was getting dangerously close to curfew. Knowing that she was supposed to be patrolling the halls, Luka walked Diana down to the Slytherin common room and then went on her way.Of all her new responsibilities, hallway patrol had quickly become her favourite. It really was just roaming the castle without having to shimmy her way through packs of students at every corner. She could prance straight down the middle of the corridor or set up a dungbomb in a classroom for it to go off the next day. She could chat with the ghosts or wandering pets. There were too many advantages without anyone to bother her and it was on her second night she'd decided she'd use her time to go about finding secret passages.Thank you, Flitwick.She started her climb up the Grand Staircase, hoping for the stairs themselves to decide where she'd go tonight. Directions were not her strong suit, so it was pointless for her to choose at all.As she skipped over a step, a brown spot dashed to the landing above her. Mrs. Norris sat eying her as Filch joined at her side. He stopped, watching Luka suspiciously."What are you doing out of bed?" he shouted.She pointed to the badge on her robe, moving closer. "I'm patrolling tonight."He huffed, complaining under his breath and starting to walk by her."Wait, hold on," she said. "Does Mrs. Norris like treats?"The same suspicious look returned to his face. "You wanting to poison my cat, do yah?"She shook her head. "What? Jesus, no."From inside her robes, Luka pulled out the bag of cat treats and shook a few out into the palm of her hand. "Here. You can give them to her if you want.""No, I don't want to give them to her!" he screamed, knocking the treats out of her hand and sending them flying down the stairs. "Now I have to sweep that up! Students… Privileged students always trying to pull one over my eyes… I'll be in need of a dustpan. Can't be touching poison…"Luka watched dumbfounded as the grubby janitor stalked away, still complaining loudly and unable to see that Mrs. Norris had bent to sniff a stray treat and picked it up with her teeth before following after him. Well, a cat is a cat, Luka thought to herself as she continued on.She admired the portraits decorating either side of her and tried to move as quietly as possible. Most of the painted images were sound asleep; those that weren't whispered to one another, dealt cards across a table, or tiptoed carefully across canvases to get back to their rightful homes. Luka nearly snorted as she came across a knight snoring whilst standing."Psst."She turned, searching for a wandering student."Girl. Bloody hell—over here!"She swivelled again and came face to face with the portrait of an older wizard with a receding hairline and a pocket watch."Yes?""Ah, I thought I was seeing correctly," he said to her. "A young Ravenclaw prefect. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant."She gave him a small smile. "Were you a Ravenclaw yourself?""Were? I am! Through and through!" Three frames down, a woman shushed them, and the man's face went pink. His voice dropped to a whisper. "Basil Fronsac, and you are?""Luka Dyer. I'd shake your hand, but that'd prove rather difficult."Basil laughed. "Right, you are.""Say Mr. Fronsac," she said, looking behind her to make sure Filch was nowhere near. "You wouldn't happen to know the locations of some of the secret passages?""Curious, you are, of course, but you wouldn't be looking to cause trouble with them, would you?"Luka smirked. "Do I give you that sort of impression?"Piecing together his verdict, Basil squinted and glanced over her as if there were any sort of tell in her appearance.There was nothing particularly special to her face—at least in her mind, there wasn't. Dark eyes, dark unruly hair (although she had invested in some necessary hair products with her drug money that was making it more manageable), and a snub nose. Most of her looks had come from her mother, although there was a strange edge to her face where her mother was much softer. Luka assumed it was the hints of her father peeking through, but what did she know? It's not like she had a reference photo.She sighed and began walking away. "I'll be on my way then.""Wait!"Luka took a step back, eyebrows raised."Well, alright, alright," he said with a dramatic wave of the hand. "As it so happens, I'm actually guarding a passage. I'll open it this once for you, but next time do use the password.""And what would that be?""Studious Success."As the portrait swung open for her, revealing a smaller corridor, she smiled. "Thank you, Mr. Fronsac. I appreciate it.""Right, you should, dear girl."With a small click, the opening closed behind her and darkness enveloped her. She pulled out her wand, mumbled Lumos and exhaled deeply as the tip lit up.She walked casually, dragging her fingertips across the wall and making note of the odd details left behind by students—most of which was simple graffiti. Plain stick figures danced gleefully, and letters bounced in their spot forming names and signatures.Magic amazed her in the smallest of ways. Muggle graffiti could never do this, she thought as she stepped closer to read a few names. There was a whole history of students like herself just laid out for her to discover. Some names she recognized as people who'd only been a few years older than her, but others were exceptionally faded. She stretched, going on her tiptoes to read more.The Marauders were here."Interesting…" She whispered, her hand falling on the silver dog-tags hanging around her neck. Her thumb ran over the portion of its engraving that read MARAUDER.As a child, she'd invented so many stories of who her father could be; the dog-tags made it easy for her to think of him as a solider lost too soon to the cruelty of war since her mom never offered anything to help or hurt the theory. Anytime Luka asked, her mom either shifted away from the subject or said he was just someone she once knew, and the older Luka got, the more taboo her father became—especially when her mom got a new boyfriend. The dog-tags were all Luka had.Sometimes she wondered if it was healthy to wonder so much. He'd abandoned her after all and finding him was nothing short of a dream.It's just a word, she thought as she fell back on her heels, Marauder is a common English word. It's not specific to wizards."BOO!"She stumbled backwards in the dark, the rough jolt of a hand on her shoulder causing her to snuff out her light and immediately scream out, "STUPEFY!" at her attacker.There was a series of pained grunts, complaints and hurried footsteps from two separate voices. Luka lit her wand again and so did someone else.Beside her was a wide-eyed Fred Weasley and on the ground a few feet in front of her was a dazed George clutching his side. Fred had opened his mouth and began to say something, but she ignored him and rushed over to George."Oh my god, I am so sorry," she said, words falling out of her mouth as she put his arm over her shoulders and tried to help him to his feet. "I didn't—why did either of you think that was a good idea?"Fred joined on George's other side, retrieving his fallen wand. "We didn't think you'd attack us!""Well, you thought wrong 'cause I thought you were going to attack me!""Oi." George mumbled."What attacker says 'Boo'?""A sick one!"George raised his voice. "Oi—ow."A silence fell over the group. In the distance, they could hear footsteps echoing through the Grand Staircase and in their direction."It's Filch." Luka said as her and Fred helped George shuffle forward."Yeah, we saw that earlier." Fred said."How he knocked your hand away." George added, a pained note to his voice."Rude git, isn't he?""What were you even trying to do?"Luka sighed. "I just wanted to give Mrs. Norris a treat—Here! Hide here."Together, they tucked themselves away into a shadowed corner and turned off their lit wands as Basil Fronsac's portrait creaked open and Filch poked his head through.Luka pressed herself firmly against the wall, acutely aware of George Weasley at her side and the way his arm was still around her shoulders. When Filch's complaints were shut out by the closed portrait, she used the excuse to rush out and re-lit her wand."It's clear." she said with a deep exhale.The twins looked out into the corridor and then completely remerged, eying Luka the same way Seamus had done earlier on. Like they weren't understanding something.She squinted. "What?""How come you didn't rat us out?" George asked, still leaning on his brother for support."What?""You're a Prefect." Fred said as if it was the only necessary explanation."And?"George half-shrugged. "McLaggen's been telling everyone you docked points from him for no reason.""Says you're worse than Percy 'pparently."Sparks flew from Luka's wand. Her anger was boiled at the centre of her stomach, transforming into a volcano ready to erupt."That fucking prick," she said, gritting her teeth. "I docked points from him because he was being an ass to my friends. It was his own fault. We told him to piss off."The twins looked at each other, reading each other's mind as they always seemed to do. Watching them, Luka wondered what it was like to share so much to the point where even thoughts were hardly private. They only ever looked like they enjoyed it, but it had to get annoying at some point."That makes a lot more sense." Fred said.George nodded. "It'd probably hurt the business if you were a pratty Prefect, wouldn't it?""Which reminds us—""—we have a proposition—""—for you—""—and your friends."AUTHOR'S NOTEaaaannnddd there's chapter 2. i'm trying to nail the different ways character's speak but i am human and will fuck up even with my friends reading ahead of time and giving me feedback.if you found this through tiktok, HELLO WOW HOW ARE YOU YOU ALREADY KNOW WHO LUKA'S DAD IS but im gonna be real im not really treating it as a secret for the reader; it's more about the emotional toll her father has on her. we just love daddy issues.anyways hope you enjoyed that. any thoughts and feedback are welcome. might link some playlists at some point bc those do currently exist ha.
