AUTHOR'S NOTE: I do NOT own Harry Potter! If you recognize it, it's not mine. Some things may be graphic. This is my first published story. It's still a work in progress. I hope you enjoy and happy reading!Ch. 1"Albus, you called us here?" Remus Lupin asked his former headmaster as himself and Sirius Black went into the office."Yes, I have, please sit down," Albus Dumbledore greeted the men offering them seats. There was something that the headmaster needed to tell them. "The Order had previously been to Godric's Hollow to see if we can find information about that fateful night. Well, long story short, we found James' and Lily's will. I've looked over it, and due to their will, Harry will be coming to live with you," Dumbledore informed his former students.Really?! Was Prongslet really going to be theirs?! Sirius could barely believe what he was hearing and Moony the same."That's awesome, when will we get to go get him?" Remus asked."Well, due to the fact that both of our laws are involved, we'll have to wait for tomorrow at eight in the morning. I have a place for you three to live, it's located in Wales. It's a two-story house with a basement and an attic. It's surrounded by a lovely forest. I have furnished it for you, but I think you may want to personalize it. I need you to have everything ready for Harry tomorrow, so I recommend you get a move on. I shall see you two tomorrow, we'll meet here before we head over to get Harry," Dumbledore told the two men.Remus could barely believe it. Harry was going to be his and Padfoots! What about the full moon, though? Well, there's no time to wait, especially knowing Padfoot."Boy! Get up and get dressed! You must look decent!" Uncle Vernon yelled at him. How was he, Harry, supposed to look decent, whatever that was, in these clothes? He just guessed he could wear the clothes that were currently on him. Uncle Vernon hadn't exactly told him why he had to be up that early (The Dursley's usually woke up at ten on a summer's morning, and it was currently seven-thirty), but Harry didn't dare ask questions. He didn't want another beating.The following morning, Remus and Sirius met up with Dumbledore, outside of the apparating wards at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Today was the day that Harry was going to become his and Moony's. "Good morning, now before we go. I have to warn you, whatever you do, do not, and I repeat do not lose your temper, now let's go," Dumbledore warned before apparating. What? What kind of conditions was Harry in? Well, better find out sooner than later.Sirius and Remus breathed in and apparated.Harry was sitting on the floor waiting with the Dursleys for someone by the name of Ms. Alex Carmen. There was a knock on the door and Harry moved his emerald eyes from his lap to his uncle then to his aunt then to his cousin, back to his uncle and then at the door. "Don't just sit there! Get it!" Uncle Vernon yelled at his nephew. Harry immediately stood up and walked to the front door. He opened it and saw six people standing there. There was a young woman with blonde hair and hazel eyes. She wore her hair in a bun. She was wearing a long, knee-length black dress and black heels. She had a bag and a clipboard in her hands. There was a young man with sleek black hair, and blue eyes. He was wearing a black tuxedo with a diagonally striped tie, the stripes being in white. The people behind them were very interesting. The two young men behind the front two people looked very familiar, but Harry had no idea who they were at all. The man behind them had a silver beard and half-moon glasses."Well, don't just stand there! Let them in, boy!" Uncle Vernon yelled."Sorry, come in," Harry apologized and stepped aside to let the six adults come into the sitting room, before closing the door."First of all I wanted to say thank you for welcoming us to your home Mr. and Mrs. Dursley. I'm Ms. Alex Carmen from the CPS, and this is Mr. Jamie Coolman," the woman, Ms. Alex, thanked Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. What's CPS? Why haven't I ever heard of it before?"You're welcome, would you like some tea or something to drink?" Mrs. Dursley asked in a mean voice."No, thank you, I had a latte on the way over. May I please have you and your family leave us with Harry?" Ms. Alex asked. Why? I mean, I don't mind if the Dursleys leave, but why not me? The Dursleys agreed and left the room. "Alright, Harry, I have a few questions to ask you, okay?" Ms. Alex asked."Kay-kay, Ms. Alex," Harry responded, fear evident in his small voice.When Dumbledore, Remus, and Sirius arrived, there were already two people waiting for the Dursleys. "Ah, Ms. Carmen, I would like to introduce you to the people on the will, Remus Lupin and Sirius Black," Dumbledore introduced Remus and Sirius to the lady, Ms. Carmen."Good morning, Professor Dumbledore. It's very nice to meet you Mr. Lupin and Mr. Black," Ms. Carmen greeted the three. "May I introduce you to Mr. Coolman, he's still in training and henceforth following me around today," Ms. Carmen introduced the man, Mr. Coolman to the three. "Well, we can't stand here all day, let's get this show on the road, shall we?" Ms. Carmen told the group before knocking on the door of number four Privet Drive.The group didn't hear much at first until they heard a male voice yell "Don't just sit there! Let them in!" How dare they yell at Harry like that?! Why I ought to! Sirius thought to himself after hearing the yelling.How can they? Poor Harry Remus thought to himself.The door opened, jolting the group out of their thoughts. There he was, Harry standing there, super skinny and bruised and bleeding. James definitely would not approve at all. "Well, don't just stand there! Let them in, boy!" the man, Vernon Dursley, yelled once again. How dare he! Just wait 'til I get my hands on him!Harry apologized at once, and let the group in. Why did he apologize, he had nothing to apologize for? What did they do to him?They came into a sitting room. In this room there was a sofa, two recliners, a television, and a tea table. To the left were the stairs with a cupboard underneath."First of all I wanted to say thank you for welcoming us to your home Mr. and Mrs. Dursley. I'm Ms. Alex Carmen from the CPS, and this is Mr. Jamie Coolman," Ms. Carmen started off, when the CPS was mentioned Mr. and Mrs. Dursley shot nervous glances at each other and tensed up quite a bit. They must have been treating Harry miserably, because at once, Petunia Dursley changed the subject, but Ms. Carmen had none of it.After introducing herself and Mr. Coolman, Ms. Carmen continued by having the Dursleys leave, which did after a quick stare down between Ms. Carmen and the Dursleys, except for Dudley Dursley, who was oblivious to the entire situation. When they were left alone, Ms. Carmen told Harry what was going to happen before continuing with her questions."Alright, Harry, have the Dursleys ever hit you?" Ms. Carmen asked."Yes," Harry responded."Have they ever not given you food?""Yes, ma'am""Have they ever punished you for being you?""Yes, a lot""Where do you sleep?"Harry pointed over to the stairs. Did he sleep upstairs? "Upstairs?" Ms. Carmen asked.Harry shook his head "no" and continued to point over at the stairs. Did he sleep in the… the… the cupboard?! Dursleys! How dare they?! Sirius could feel his rage boiling up."Harry, do you sleep under the stairs?" Remus asked, being the first to figure it out, making sure he was eye level with Harry."Mmhmm, don't be mad with me," Harry shivered.Ms. Carmen wrote down a note on her clipboard before continuing."Harry, do they hurt you?""Yes""Can we see?""No!""Alright, Harry, have the Dursleys ever hit you?" Ms. Alex asked."Yes" He got hit for anything and everything that Dudley did wrong and for anything "freakish"."Have they ever not given you food?""Yes, ma'am" He usually didn't get to eat, only the Dursleys got to eat."Have they ever punished you for being you?""Yes, a lot" He usually got punished for being a "freak", when he was just trying to be himself."Where do you sleep?" Ms. Alex asked.Harry pointed over to his cupboard. Everyone looked questioningly at the stairs. What was so difficult about seeing where he slept?"Upstairs?" Ms. Alex asked.He didn't get to sleep upstairs only Dudley, Uncle Vernon, and Aunt Petunia slept upstairs. Harry shook his head "no" and continued to point over at his cupboard."Harry, do you sleep under the stairs?" one of the men that seemed so familiar yet Harry didn't know who he was asked him looking him in the eyes. Now that they knew where he slept, were they going to be mad with him?"Mmhmm, don't be mad with me," Harry responded once again bracing himself for another beating, but none came."Harry, do they hurt you?" Ms. Alex asked. Yeah, they punish him if he was being bad or making things happen that he didn't have any control over."Yes" Harry responded."Can we see?" Ms. Alex asked kindly. NO! No one ever, ever, ever can see his ouchies. They will get mad at him. Only he could see his ouchies. No one else can ever ever ever find out."No!" Harry yelled. The adults looked taken aback. Why did they have to see them? Harry thought to himself as tears started to swell up in his eyes.Why couldn't they see? Were they really that bad? Dursleys! Remus thought to himself, he usually didn't lose his temper, but when it came to things like these, well that's a completely different story.He had to find out. Bending down onto his knees so he would be eye-level with the boy, once again, Remus asked "Harry, why can't we see?"Harry began to cry and wrapped his arms tightly around the man.The familiar man bent down again so he would be eye-level with the boy, Harry, he asked "Harry, why can't we see?"This was the breaking point for him, he didn't care that the man was a complete stranger, he felt comforted by the man so he threw his arms around the man, as he sobbed into his shirt. The man didn't seem to care that he was getting his shirt wet. He put his arms around Harry and drew comforting circles into his back. They hurt like crazy, but they were nice.They were like this for a while before breaking apart. "Harry, can I see?" Remus asked the young boy."Yeah, but only you, no one else," Harry told the man, Remus. He was perfectly fine with this, so Harry led him to a small half bath that was down the hall from the sitting room.Harry sat down on the lid of the toilet, as Remus shut the door."Okay, ready?" Remus comfortingly asked.Harry nodded and took off his shirt. Holy Merlin's Beard! How could they?! Especially to an innocent child! Especially to a boy as young as Harry! Especially to your deceased sister's son! How dare they?! All these thoughts and more ran through Remus's head as he took in what he was looking at. Harry had really nasty bruises, cuts and scrapes all around his body! Though that wasn't the worst part, the worst part was a massive cut so bad you could see Harry's muscle. It was right in the center of his stomach."Is… is… is this all?" Remus asked, stumbling for words. He already knew what the answer was, but didn't want to see what else they had done to Harry. Remus's number one goal right now is to get Harry out forever!Harry shook his head, and stood up from the toilet to show Remus his back. It had all the same bruises, cuts, and scrapes (including the massive one that was showing muscle), but it also had a cut on the muscle that was so bad that you could fit your hand in and touch the bone. How on earth did the Dursley's do this, Remus had no idea, but he despised them for it."Wow. Okay, Harry, put your shirt back on and we can go talk with everyone, okay?" Remus gasped. Harry nodded and did as Remus had told him to do. The young boy grabbed the older ones as they walked out of the bathroom and towards the rest of the group.

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Sorry that I haven't posted in a while. I've been busy with midterms and finding publishers for my own book called Taylor or Taylor G. Martinez. I do NOT own Harry Potter, the fabulous J. K. Rowling does. Anyways, happy reading!!!Ch.2They reached the rest of the group in no time. "Remus, what? What is it? Is anything wrong?" Sirius asked the shaken up man with terror in his eyes as soon as he came back from the bathroom with Harry."There is most definitely something wrong. Something majorly wrong. We need to get Harry out now!" Remus yelled with urgency in his voice."Mr. Lupin, what did you see?" Ms. Carmen asked."Something bad, but I won't tell unless Harry's fine with it, Harry, are you okay with me telling them?" Remus responded while asking Harry a question. He shook his head, at first, but after a little bit of reassuring from Remus, he finally agreed. The group closed all the blinds that way no one walking by could see, and stood all around Harry."Ready?" Remus asked soothingly. Harry nodded and took off his shirt. The entire group gasped and when Harry turned around they gasped even louder. To say, everyone was shocked was an understatement. Harry pulled his shirt back on (after Ms. Carmen took a few pictures while Harry held Remus' hand) and the group went back to their positions."Okay, we're ready to talk with Mr. and Mrs. Dursley again. Don't worry, Harry, we'll all be right here," Ms. Carmen told the group while Mr. Coolman went and retrieved Mr. and Mrs. Dursley from the kitchen.When the Dursleys came back, Harry was sitting on the sofa in tears with Remus and Sirius on either side. "Mr. and Mrs. Dursley upon further investigation, we have concluded that you are unfit to be Harry's guardians. Is that understood?" Ms. Carmen asked the Dursleys who looked shocked and angry at the same time."What proof do you have?!" Vernon Dursley yelled, which made Harry retreat back into the couch and against Remus' side."I have plenty of proof, here, these are pictures of Mr. Potter," Ms. Carmen showed the Dursleys the pictures, which made them even angrier.Finally after a long moment of awkward silence, the Dursleys finally agreed. They weren't happy about it, not at all."Alright, if that's it, Harry, Mr. Lupin, Mr. Black, and Professor Dumbledore, please meet me outside," Ms. Carmen said as she stood up and walked outside while the rest of the group followed suit.Once everyone was outside, Ms. Carmen turned and waited for Dumbledore to speak, her turn of being in charge of the ordeal was over with. "Okay, so, now all that needs to be done on our side is for both parties to sign the contract, and we'll be good, thanks once again Alex," Dumbledore informed the group."Not to mention it, Albus, after all I am the head of that apartment at the ministry. So, I'll be signing for the former party, since they are no longer to be involved," Ms. Carmen or Alex, informed the group, who then signed the contract (which she already had on her clipboard). After Remus and Sirius signed the contract Alex left with Mr. Coolman and Dumbledore turned to talk with both men."Now, before I saw the extent of Harry's injuries, I was planning on having Madam Pomfrey check him over, to make sure nothing was wrong, but seeing all of his injuries I believe it would be best if you take him to St. Mungo's immediately, once he's released come see me, well till then," Dumbledore informed the men before apparting. St. Mungo's! How dare those Dursleys! Well, in the end, I guess they deserve what they got. I just hope Harry will be okay, Remus thought to himself. "Harry, are you okay?" Remus asked. Harry nodded and tightened his grip on Remus' hand before he started crying."Hey, hey, hey, shh… shh…. It's alright," Remus comforted the boy hugging him, but not too tightly."Remus," Harry whispered into his ear."Yeah, I'm here, I'm here. What's wrong?" Remus asked."I…. I…. I hurt," Harry cried."I know kiddo, but the place we're going will make you all better, okay? Can you be brave for Moony and Padfoot?" Remus comforted. Man, I really hope the Healers can help."Moony? Padfoot?" Harry asked, confused."Yeah, that's what Sirius calls Remus, and you too. I'm Moony. Sirius is Padfoot, and according to Sirius, you're Prongslet, okay?" Remus clarified for the young boy."Mmhmm," Harry understood. With that the trio were off.A few moments later, Remus, Sirius, and Harry found themselves sitting in the waiting room of St. Mungo's. "Moony?" Harry asked."Yeah," Remus responded."I'm scared. What is this place?" Harry asked. Poor Harry."This is St. Mungo's Hospital, okay?" Remus comforted Harry as he snuggled up against him."Howspitail? What's that? I never been to a howspitail. I'm scared, Moony," Harry asked confused."A hospital is a place where people go to get better. It's okay, here, here, Moony's got ya," Remus tried to comfort the small boy. "Potter," a young Healer with brown wavy hair and blue eyes called."Ready?" Remus asked standing up while Harry and Sirius also stood up."No, do I have to Moony?" Harry asked."Yeah, I'm sorry cub, there's no getting around it," Remus answered the young emerald-eyed boy. They walked hand in hand towards the young Healer. Harry was in between Sirius and Remus."Hi, I'm Remus Lupin and this is Harry Potter," Remus greeted the Healer."It's nice to meet you, Mr. Lupin, and Harry. I'm Healer Amanda Showstice," the Healer, Amanda Showstice, greeted them. "Follow me, Harry, but first Mr. Lupin or Mr. Black, can you sign this form giving us permission to treat Harry?" the Healer instructed Harry, and asked Remus and Sirius. Remus signed the form before Harry asked something."Can Moony and Padfoot come?" Harry asked."I'm afraid not yet, but as soon as they can I'll come get them, okay?" Healer Showstice answered.~~~The only way Harry was going to go with this lady was if Moony and Padfoot came. "Can Moony and Padfoot come?" he asked, unwilling to go with the lady if the answer was "no"."I'm afraid not yet, but as soon as they can I'll come get them, okay?" the lady answered. No! No, no, and no. I will not come with you if Moony and Padfoot can't come! Harry thought to himself, after all this was his first time at a hospital."NO! I WANT MOONY AND PADFOOT!" Harry yelled at the lady. He wasn't going to go without a fight."Harry, shh…, shh…" Remus comforted the three year old. Harry hugged Moony as hard as he could and started to cry into his shirt."I sorry," Harry whispered into Moony's ear."There's no reason to be, hey, can I tell you a secret?" Moony responded tenderly."Mmhmm," Harry agreed."The first time I had to see a Healer, I acted the same exact way as you are right now. I know it's scary, but believe me, they're the nicest people ever," Remus told the young boy. No, they're not! If… if… I guess Moony's right. Moony doesn't lie. Fine. I'll go only if Moony and Padfoot come see me as soon as they can. Harry thought defeated."Moony? Padfoot?" Harry tried to get his new guardians attention."Yeah, what is it, Prongslet?" Padfoot questioned coming down to Harry's level."Promise you come see me as soon as you can?" Harry cried."Yeah, of course, we wouldn't leave you alone if we can help it," Padfoot responded. Harry gave both Moony and Padfoot big hugs before going with the lady.The lady led him to a room with a bed in it. "Alright, can you please get changed into this?" the lady asked, handing him a funny looking dress. Harry looked questioningly at the lady."Do you need some help?" she asked. Harry nodded his head and the lady left to go get a male Healer to help. Soon, the lady came back with a male with short brown hair and grey eyes."Hi, I'm Dylan Vestio, what's your name?" the man, Dylan, asked."Harry," Harry answered scared."Well, it's nice to meet you, Harry, do you need help?" Dylan asked.Harry nodded and together Dylan and Harry got changed into the hospital gown. "Alright, why don't you climb onto the bed, and the Healer taking your case will be in shortly, okay?" Dylan asked before leaving. Harry agreed and climbed into the bed. I'm scared. I want Moony and Padfoot! Harry thought to himself before a young woman with light sandy brown hair and blue eyes came into the room."Hi, Harry, I'm Healer Katasha Peorana, and I'll be your Healer, so can you tell me what's wrong?" the lady, Healer Peorana, asked."No! At least not when Moony's not here. You can't see," Harry yelled. No one can see, except for Moony and Padfoot. I want Moony and Padfoot! I'm scared."Okay, um… let's see, can you maybe tell me why that is?" Healer Peorana asked."Because I scared, and I want Moony and Padfoot," Harry cried."Harry, there's nothing to be scared of, I can make you feel all better, okay?" Healer Peorana tried to comfort, but it didn't work. I want Moony and Padfoot!!! I want Moony!!! I want Padfoot!!!"NO! I WANT MOONY AND PADFOOT!!!" Harry yelled before jumping out of bed and running out of the room and into the hallway before proceeding to the waiting room. Tears filled the three-year old's emerald eyes as he ran. Adults kept trying to get him, but none prevailed until two very firm and gentle hands grasped his wrists. He tried to struggle away, but was unsuccessful.~~~Harry came running out into the waiting room, with tears in his eyes. Poor Harry. Remus gently yet firmly grasped his charge's wrists."Cub, shh…, shh…, there, there, Moony's got ya. Moony's got ya," Remus comforted the boy, rubbing comforting circles on his back where he wasn't injured. What happened? What's the matter? Poor cub.When Harry finally stopped crying Remus asked "What's the matter, cub?""Too scary. I don't like it, Moony. Please, Moony, can we go home? I want to go home," Harry cried. Poor Harry. I wish I could go back there with him."I'm sorry cub, but we can't go home, not yet anyways. Hey, I know, what if we talk with your Healer and see if either I or Padfoot can go back there with you? How does that sound?" the lycanthrope asked the young boy in front of him. Harry agreed, and while Sirius went to talk with the Healer, Remus had Harry on his lap, comfortingly hugging him."Mate, the Healer said she's fine with it, but just one of us for the meantime. So, let's have Harry choose," Sirius informed his lycanthrope friend."Harry, only I or Padfoot can come back with you, who do you want?" Remus asked, holding his charge."Moony, but Padfoot come back soon, too," Harry decided. So, with that Remus and Harry held hands and walked together back to Harry's room.

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Sorry, that I haven't uploaded in a bit, college life can get really busy at times. Thank you for all of the comments, likes, and follows. DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Harry Potter! Anything that seems familiar is not mine, but J.K. Rowling's. Happy Reading!When they reached Harry's room, there was already a Healer in there with a look of shock on her face. "Hi, um… are we in the wrong room?" Remus asked the Healer."No, no, not at all, hi, I'm Healer Katasha Peorana, and I'm Harry's Healer, and you must be Mr. Remus Lupin, am I right?" the Healer greeted them standing up from the bed as Harry climbed into it."Yes, that's me, so what happened?" Remus asked, taking a seat in the chair on the right side of Harry's bed."That's what I'm trying to figure out myself, all I know was that I asked to see what was bothering him and he yelled no at me and that he wanted Moony and Padfoot. I don't know why he did that, but the next thing I knew was that he was running away," Healer Peorana informed the lycanthrope."Okay, um… all I know is that Harry came running out crying and I caught him before he left. I asked him what was wrong and he said it was too scary, but from what you told me, I have no clue why it would be scary, sorry about that," Remus apologized. What in Merlin's name was truly going on?"It's fine, let's try this again, Harry, can you show me what's wrong?" Healer Peorana asked.Harry looked at Remus, sighed, then turned around to show the Healer the massive cut on his back. She gasped and asked "What? How? Who?". She was truly shocked."Don't take me away from Moony and Padfoot, they are good not mean. My aunty and uncle are the mean ones. Please don't take me away from Moony and Padfoot," Harry cried, making it all the obvious why he was scared. Poor Harry, don't worry buddy, Moony and Padfoot are here to stay."Don't worry, Harry, now that you're away from your aunt and uncle there will be no need to take Moony and Padfoot away. Is this all?" the healer asked. Harry shook his head and proceeded to show the healer his front, the same response came, but without the "who?"."That must really hurt, okay, so here's the first step, I'm going to get you a pain relieving potion drip, and I'll do a spell to make sure there aren't any broken ribs in there, okay?" the healer asked, Harry nodded his head, and the healer left the room."Moony, what's a poshin?" Harry asked as soon as the healer left the room."A potion, Harry, is a liquid that can have various effects on your body, for example the one this lady's going to give you will help relieve your pain, okay?" Remus explained."Okay," Harry responded as the healer came in with a sparkling purple potion in a bag with tubes and a machine and needles. Harry looked petrified.The lady from earlier came in and had a machine with her and something sparkly purple in a bag with tubes, this must be the poshin, and needles! No! No, no, and no! Not going to happen! I don't care whether Moony's here or not, this isn't going to happen!"Harry, this may hurt a little, but just a pinch okay?" the healer asked. No, not okay. Harry nodded his head even though he wanted to shake it."Harry, make a big fist, like you're going to hit your aunt and uncle, okay? Then, look at Mr. Lupin, okay?" the healer asked. Harry did as he was told. Moony grasped his free hand and Harry squeezed it, he wasn't going to let go even if his life depended on it. The lady poked her finger at his arm, then she cleaned it, and finally, owwie! Owwie! She didn't make it better, she gave me another boo-boo. Harry tightened his grip on Moony's hand as the lady completed what she needed to do."All done, you were very good," the lady told him. Really? All done? No more owies from these people?"Good job, kiddo. I'm so proud of you," Remus congratulated him. I made Moony proud! "All right, this spell may tingle a little, but nothing else," the lady told him. After that, I don't care about tingling. I can do it! I can do anything, even conquer the world, if I was a meanie like Dudley! Harry nodded and the healer waved her wand over him. Soon, a picture came out of the end of it, Harry had seven broken ribs."I'm sorry, but it appears that you have broken your ribs, but I can't fix them until we get those big boo-boos fixed, okay?" the lady asked. Harry was fine with this and he nodded his head."Mr. Lupin, may I speak with you out in the hall?" Healer Peorana asked. What's the matter? Is there anything worse? Will Harry die? Can they not fix something?"Sure. Kiddo, I'll just be out in the hall speaking with your healer, okay? Why don't you try to get some sleep?" Remus asked. Harry nodded before dozing off to sleep. Remus quietly stood up and followed the healer out into the hall."Alright, so there's something I need to tell you and Mr. Black," the healer started before Sirius showed up. What was wrong with Harry?"Alright, about Harry, upon further investigation, we've come to the conclusion that he'll need to see a specialist who will then perform a surgery to fix the massive cuts, as soon as there's room available on that floor, we'll make sure to bring him up," the healer informed them. What? Surgery? But how? A specialist? Dursleys! Why I ought to… "Okay, when will he be informed?" Remus asked, running his hand through his hair."As soon as he…" the healer started before being interrupted by Harry."Moony!" Harry called from his room. The three adults went into the room and saw Harry laying in his bed."Hey, Prongslet, how are you doing?" Padfoot asked Prongslet."Padfoot!" the young boy yelled in excitement."Yeah," Pads responded."Moony, Padfoot, I'm sore," Harry told the two men."I'm sorry to hear that, Prongslet, is it any better?" Sirius asked."Yeah, a little," Harry sighed."Harry, I need to tell you something," Healer Peorana started before being asked to go out into the hall.The healer came back in and continued what she was saying, "Harry, you're going to need to see a specialist and have surgery to fix your massive boo-boos, in fact we're going to move you up there right now," the lady told him. A what?! Surgury?! Dudley had to have a surgury once, he didn't like it very much. Several minutes later, they were on the third floor of St. Mungo's. Moony had never been to this floor before, but Sirius did. In fact, this was where his fear of Healers first stemmed from. He was six or seven years old and his blasted mother insisted that he get a surgery that he refused to. She made him have a surgery that made his legs paralyzed for several months, she was a nasty woman, and this was all because he had the dignity to stand up for what was right. He hated having to see Healers ever since."Moony, why do I have to? I'm scared," Harry questioned the lycanthrope who was sitting next to him reading a book."Well, don't you want to feel better?" Remus asked."Yeah, but why surgury?" he asked."There's no other way, sorry, cub," Remus responded. Man, how I wish there was another way. Soon, after a middle-aged male Healer with green eyes and brown hair came in."Hello, I'm Healer Jackson Danktos, and I'll be Harry's surgeon. What's going to happen is that I'll put Harry under the anesthesia spell and fix his injuries," Healer Danktos asked before walking over to Harry's gurney bed and asking "Ready?""Mmhmm," Harry answered as Healer Danktos rolled him off to surgery.Remus and Sirius paced about the room for a good solid hour and a half. Before, Healer Danktos returned. "Alright, so I have good news and I have bad news. Good news the surgery was a success. Bad news, Harry will most likely not fully recover for at least another several months. Though some more good news is that when he's awake, after making sure everything's okay, and giving you at home instructions, you can take him home. Alright, that's enough talking I'm sure you want to go see him," the Healer told them as he led them to the recovery room Harry was in.When they got there, Harry was already awake and sitting up. "Moony! Padfoot!" Harry yelled for them."Hey, kiddo, how are you doing?" Moony asked."Sore, can we go home Moony, Padfoot?" he responded groggily."Sorry, Prongslet, not yet your healer hasn't released you yet," Padfoot answered.Soon, Healer Danktos came back in with instructions and supplies for the two men. "Alright, so everyday before Harry goes to bed and first thing in the morning, have him take a bath with these bath salts. They'll sting him a little, but the results are well worth it. Also, wash his body with this potion as well as a gentle soap. I recommend asking Madam Pomfrey for her homemade soaps or at least the recipe. She makes the best in my opinion, though she does come in a close second with Mr. Lovegood's handmade homemade herbal soap. Do the bath salts for three days and the potion for eight. When he's out of the bath cover him with this salve, it will also sting, but just a little, then cover with soaked dittany and let the dittany dry for thirty-five seconds before bandaging it and putting the brace on, do this for eight to twelve days three times a day. No horseplaying until he feels 100% better. Also, give him a pain reducing potion three to four times a day. No apparting at all until a week after he feels 100% better. If it doesn't get any better within three days or if it worsens, floo call me immediately, any questions?" Healer Danktos instructed. They didn't have any, so Harry changed back into his normal day time clothes and they left St. Mungo's together hand in hand. They were going to take a taxi back to their new home.
