Harry Potter and the Wand of GryffindorBook One of an ongoing 'Gambit in Time' Saga.Chapter 1: The GiftHalloween had never been the happiest of holidays for Harry Potter. During his early years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the date had often brought ill omens with it. A mountain troll had broken into the castle in his first year. A murderous basilisk let loose in his second, not to mention the memories that day conjured up for his wife, Ginny, who had been possessed during the incident. It also marked the day his name had been drawn from the Goblet of Fire in his fourth year, creating a magical contract which had obliged him to enter the Triwizard Tournament, to the ire of the majority of the school, and which had ended tragically with Cedric Diggory's death.Of course, all of these events paled in comparison to the night of Halloween, 1981, when the dark wizard Lord Voldemort had murdered Harry's parents, and then attempted to murder an infant Harry Potter in his crib. That one action, failed as it had been, was the single most influential moment of Harry Potter's life, and the one that caused him the most pain to think about.Without the events of that one day, he often decided when he forced himself to consider it, none of the other events that came after would have happened. His life would have been boring, but happy.Probably.All in all, whenever the 31st of October came around, Harry Potter was thankful for an excuse to distract himself, if only to avoid dwelling on the past too much.This year was no different, and as evening came, Harry was safely engrossed in a task that he normally put off at long as possible – paperwork. Tucked up in his home office, on the topmost floor of Grimmauld Place, he diligently worked through a pile of parchments which had been sitting on his desk for more than a month. As the recently promoted head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Harry's workload had increased significantly and the in-tray on his desk, magically linked to a similar one on his desk within the Ministry, had grown steadily to the point that even Harry had acknowledged needed dealing with.And what better opportunity to do so would there be than the one day each year that Harry Potter needed busywork to distract him.The room in which he sat had once belonged to a young Sirius Black, Harry's godfather. In Sirius's youth it had been his bedroom, festooned with the bright red and gold banners of the boy's school house, in direct defiance of his family's traditional Slytherin sensibilities. It had been for that feeling of warmth and rebellion, along with the close connection to his godfather, that Harry had decided to convert the room into the finely appointed office it was today. It was a comfortable size for a home office, with an oversized oak desk, and a large window that Harry had enchanted to show a picturesque view out of Gryffindor tower. One entire wall was taken up by a massive bookshelf that housed books that Harry never intended to read, whilst the wall opposite his desk was mostly taken up by a large sofa that his children had made more use of over the years than he had. The office was probably much grander than it truly needed to be, but the Potters had never been short on Galleons, especially given his position within the Ministry of Magic, and Ginny's former profession as a professional Quidditch player.With a flourish, Harry signed off on the latest series of bills sent to him by Hermione for approval. He smiled as he considered how well his friend had done for herself. Born to non-magical parents, Hermione Granger had been the poster-witch for what Muggleborns could achieve. Then again, with the drive that she had, coupled with her thirst for knowledge, perhaps it wasn't all that surprising that she had become the Minister for Magic eventually. That accomplishment, coming only a mere ten years after the campaign of fear and misinformation that had perforated the magical community during what people were now calling the Second Wizarding War, was a testament to her passion for justice, and her commitment to the magical community.Harry hoped, as did Hermione, that her tenure could usher in a new way of thinking into magical Britain, where the old ideals of blood purity could finally be put behind them, and the country could start to heal properly. It wasn't going to be an easy task, many of the old families that thought this way were still powerful and influential, but if anyone could do it, it would be Hermione.Somewhere in the house, a clock struck the hour. Harry put down his quill and rubbed his eyes with ink-stained fingers. Perhaps he was working a little too hard. It was meant to be a holiday, after all.The door to his office opened, revealing the visage of his wife. Not exactly tall, she maintained an athletic figure, a hangover from her days as a professional quidditch player, whilst her features, which Harry had always found extremely pleasant to look at, had matured well with age. Her freckles had sadly faded, and her once wildly orange hair had darkened, either with age or by more magical means, to an auburn shade, but Ginny wore both changes well, and Harry was just as enamoured with Ginny the mother and reporter as he had ever been with Ginny the girl.'Hey, you.' she said, backing her way into the room, a tray laden with two steaming cups of tea and a plate of biscuits in her hands. 'It's late. I thought you might like a snack.''Gin, you're an angel.'Placing the tray down on his desk, Ginny picked up her own cup and cradled it in her hands, breathing deeply into the steam. It swirled in magically emphasised spirals around her face, framing it prettily. 'How are you doing, Harry?' she asked, the tone of her voice clearly signalling her concern for her husband. 'Only, I hate to think of you holing yourself away up here in the dark.''It's not dark.' Harry countered. Indeed, light shone through the enchanted window as if it were midday, despite the late hour. 'And I had some work to be getting on with. You know me, Gin. I can't settle if there's work to be done.'Ginny shot him a withering look. 'Maybe not if it means waving your wand about like a child, but I can count on one had the times you've spent your personal time doing paperwork.' Her expression softened. 'Normally, I wouldn't mind this change in behaviour, but given the occasion…' she trailed off.With a sigh of resignation, Harry picked up his own cup of tea and took a sip. It was hot, and tasted mildly of cinnamon. 'Fine.' he said, 'Point taken. It's just-''I know, Harry.' Ginny said. 'Of all people, trust me. I know.'Harry smiled at his wife of twenty years, thanking his lucky stars that things had turned out as they had. As much as he often fantasised about the different decisions he could have made in his youth, he was painfully aware of how often he and his friends had survived by the skin of their teeth. Even small changes here and there might have upset that delicate balance, and doomed them all to a life under Lord Voldemort, assuming they survived at all.'Right.' he said eventually, once they had chatted amiably about nothing at all for a couple of minutes, 'Enough work. Let's do something fun! Fancy a game of gobstones? I think Lily might have forgotten to take her set to Hogwarts. It should be in her room.'Ginny scoffed. 'Now you really are being a child.' she said, heading to the door. 'When you're feeling more grown up, come down to the living room and sit by the fire with me. Oh, and bring that tray with you too.''How about exploding snap?' Harry called out as his wife departed. 'Hide and seek?'He grinned. Winding Ginny up had never gotten old. Chuckling to himself, he started to tidy his desk of the parchments, self-inking quills and other paraphernalia that had collected over the past couple of hours, setting them back into their designated stacks, drawer or locations around his desk by hand. He could have used magic, it would have been quicker, but Harry found something soothing about organising his desk manually, and he hadn't used magic to do so for years.Once everything was tidy, Harry quickly checked his in-tray before leaving, a habit from his Auror days where interesting cases might well move themselves to a less busy desk if they sensed their current assignee was ignoring them. He thumbed quickly through the stack, groaning at the sight of a number of reports from the Department of Magical Weights and Measures that needed review, until he came upon a small package, wrapped in plain brown paper.Curious, Harry pulled the parcel out. It was weighty, definitely not just another stationary delivery, but otherwise entirely benign looking. Turning it over in his hands, Harry could see no identifying marks except for where his name was written out in a neat, compact script, not even a return address. Something about the hand writing seemed familiar to Harry. He'd definitely seen it before, but couldn't recall where, or who it belonged to.It would soon become apparent, Harry reasoned, when he opened it in front of the fire. He placed it on the tray and departed the room with it.Hopefully, what was inside would be more interesting than the packaging.Grimmauld Place had changed drastically over the years that the Potters had inhabited it. The ancestral home of the 'Most Ancient and Noble House of Black' – now extinct except for Narcissa Malfoy (nee Black) – the entire building had once encapsulated what that family had stood for. Expensive ornaments and materials had been everywhere, most entirely excessive for their actual purpose. Floorboards of the darkest and rarest woods, picture frames made of solid gold or silver, silk hangings of exceptional quality used to such an excess that muggles might mistake them for wallpaper.All of that might not have been an issue for a new family moving in, except that the subject nature of all these things, the pictures, the ornaments, the shrunken heads of former house elves, was all so dark and contrary to both Harry and Ginny's personal values. From the aforementioned house elf heads and the cursed 'heirlooms' that would strangle, maim or otherwise attack any muggle within reach, to the many scenes of witches and wizards embroidered on the silken hangings, mostly showing them cursing, catching or wielding power over muggles and magical creatures. It was a temple to the superiority of magical blood, to 'purity', and that was a message that neither Harry nor Ginny, not to mention their friends and family, wanted to live in the midst of.Having made the decision to move into Grimmauld Place soon after leaving school, it was clear that they would have to completely strip out the old Black-family decorations if they were ever going to make it into a home fit for a family. The day they had finally gotten rid of the portrait of old Walburga Black from the entrance hallway had been particularly memorable. The old hag had been one of the Black household's most offensive hangovers, a very loud and brash blood-suprematist that had had the forethought to have her portrait stuck to the wall with a permanent sticking charm before her death. With the prospect of removing the portrait from the wall an imposable one, it had instead necessitated demolishing the entire wall to remover her presence from the building.Once she was gone, the rest of the process went rather more smoothly. The hangings were removed and either sold or put into deep storage, some of the more dangerous heirlooms safely destroyed. The issue of what exactly to do with the preserved house elf heads had been more problematic. Ginny's brother, Ron, had been of the opinion that they should be burnt along with some of the more offensive hangings, which had naturally outraged his wife, Hermione, who had been working at the Ministry specifically to further the cause for house elf rights at the time. At her insistence, the heads had instead been buried beneath a tree in the communal garden in front of the house.Over the next few years Harry and Ginny, with the assistance of their friends and family, had slowly renovated the Black residence, turning it instead into a proper home for a new generation of Potters. Dark wood had made way to lighter materials, oppressive wall hangings replaced with cheerfully painted walls, and loud and obnoxious portraits changed out with friendlier ones that didn't scream obscenities at you as you passed. By the time the Potters' first child came around, the building was almost unrecognisable.Those days seemed like ancient history now, given that their eldest child, James, would be graduating from Hogwarts later this year. Time, it seemed, marched ever onwards at such a relentless pace.As Harry reached the first floor landing he took out his wand and tapped the tray, sending it floating down towards the kitchen. He often told his children off for such a flippant use of magic, but what they didn't know wouldn't kill them. Package in hand, he entered the much improved space that was the living room.In the old Black household, the space had been a rather formal drawing room, housing some of the more valuable of the family heirlooms. Notably, one entire wall of the room had been taken up by an extravagantly detailed silk tapestry that depicted the Black family tree. Impressively, it had been charmed to update in real time, creating an accurate and supposedly permanent depiction of the Black family's magnificence. Notably, however, a couple of the faces had been burned away in retribution for sons, cousins and other disgraced members of the family who had the nerve to associate, or even marry, muggles. These holes somewhat diminished the impact of the tapestry, and demonstrated quite accurately, in Harry's opinion, the folly that it was to try and follow so strictly to the ideals of blood purity.Naturally, that had been the first thing to go from the room. Harry's godfather, Sirius Black, had been one of those scorched faces, and had confided in Harry that he would have liked nothing less than to see the tapestry gone before his untimely death. Harry had been more than happy to fulfil his late godfather's wishes. After that, stripping the room of all the other Black paraphernalia had been simple, and in its place the Potters had created a room full of warmth and easy comfort.Gone were the greens and silvers, replaced with golds and reds. The stiff furniture, designed to not be too comfortable lest the Blacks and their guests forget themselves, were exchanged for deep, plush sofas that a person could happily fall asleep in. Over time, their children had added their own touches to the room too, a wizards chess set here, a toy broomstick there, and Weasleys' Wizarding Wheezes strewn all over the place. It was a room for laughter and family, only accentuated by the roaring fire that could be lit at all times of year without ever overheating the room.Harry sunk into the sofa beside his wife. She looked up over the brim of her book, giving him a searching look, but said nothing. She had forgiven him for his childishness, then.'What's that you're reading?' Harry asked, settling into the cushions. 'Would I like it?'Ginny lowered the book and smiled. 'James's girlfriend left it here the last time she visited.' she said, regarding the book's cover. 'It's not bad, but I doubt you'd enjoy it. A little bit too much romance for Harry Potter. Not enough duels.'Harry bristled. 'I like a bit of romance!' he said defensively, 'I just prefer if it's interspaced with a good duel or two.'Ginny patted him on the hand. 'Of course you do, dear.' she said. 'That's why it's been three years since you've bought me flowers…''I buy you chocolate!' Harry countered, but that only made Ginny scoff.'You buy yourself chocolate.' she said with a grin. 'It's just a happy coincidence that I like chocolate too.'Harry shrugged. 'Yeah, I suppose. But, I mean well.''You do.' Ginny conceded. She brought up her book and looked to return to reading, but she caught sight of the parcel tucked under Harry's arm. 'What's that?''This?' Harry had almost forgotten he was carrying it. 'Oh, I don't actually know.' he admitted. 'It was buried at the bottom of my in-tray. No note, no name, except mine of course.' he handed it to his wife to look at.'A mystery package?' she said, turning it over. She peered at the script. 'The writing is very neat. Looks like a girl's hand writing to me. A present, perhaps?' she glanced up at Harry, 'Should I be worried about some younger witch trying to steal you away from me?'Her words were accusatory, but her eyes were sparkling with a mischievous glint.'You're hilarious.' Harry said, deadpan, snatching the package back. 'But why don't we find out? It could just as easily be a prank from Ron.''It's a bit heavy for a pair of his old socks.' Ginny said with a grin, 'but you're right. That is more likely than you having a secret admirer.'Harry grinned at the in-joke. In actual fact, both Harry and Ginny were famous enough, Harry because of the war and Ginny because of her former career as a professional quidditch player, that for a large period of their lives they were both regularly inundated with letters and 'gifts' from admires and fans. In recent times these incidents were becoming much more rare as people found others to be enamoured by, but it didn't stop the odd letter or two sneaking through. Fortunately, Harry's work correspondence was heavily filtered by his secretary, so there was little chance of fan mail getting through that way.Summoning the coffee table closer to him, Harry placed the parcel down on top of it. With a practised hand he waved a complicated pattern with his wand over the top of the package, weaving a spell designed to detect any malicious jinxes or curses within. Ron would have accused him of being over-cautious if he had been there, but that was only because Harry had discovered a number of booby-trapped packages from Ron over the years via this very method. Somewhat unsurprisingly, many products from Weasleys' Wizarding Wheezes, the business that Ron ran with his brother George, were malicious in nature, even if they were mostly only intended as pranks.'Anything?' Ginny asked, leaning in at Harry's shoulder.Harry ended the spell. 'There's some magic there, for sure, strong too.' he said, 'But I can't detect any actual curses. Perhaps a charm?'Ginny frowned. 'Maybe you should leave it be then.' she said. 'You don't know who sent it, do you?''No,' Harry conceded, 'but it's already been vetted by the Ministry. If I started second guessing everything in my in-tray, I'd never get any work done!''Uh-huh. And those morons in the owlrey have never gotten anything wrong.' Ginny said, 'Fine. Get it open so I can get back to my book.'Harry chuckled and waved his wand, cutting the packing paper in a neat line down the centre of the package. Another flick of his wand and the paper slipped from under the package and rose into the air, folding itself into the form of a small bird. It flew around Ginny's head for a few moments before gliding into the fire.'Show off.' Ginny said.They regarded the object that had been left behind on the table. It was a low square box, about a foot in length and breadth, and just over an inch high. It appeared to be made of an aged hardwood of dark colouring, with the golden insignia of a stylised lion inlaid into the lid. On top of the box, however, was a note. Written in the same neat, compact script, on fine quality parchment, the message contained was succinct.'For all that you have done.You truly deserve this.D''Well, that's cryptic.' Harry said, puzzled. 'Who's 'D'?'Ginny shrugged. 'Draco? After that thing with Albus and Scorpius, he might feel that he owes you one.''Unlikely,' Harry countered, 'It doesn't sound like him, plus that's definitely not his hand writing. Maybe a Dumbledore? Aberforth is still alive, isn't he?'Maybe,' Ginny said, 'But I always imagined that his handwriting was more agricultural than that.' she shrugged again. 'But, he was a Dumbledore, and that family were all extremely academic. There's a chance that their parents drilled handwriting into them at an early age.''Perhaps,' Harry said, picking the note up and inspecting the back, but nothing was written there. He handed it to Ginny for her to inspect too. 'Maybe whatever is inside the box will help us work out who it might be.''Careful, Harry.' Ginny cautioned.With his wand, Harry levitated the lid of the box off. It didn't come easily, the tolerances of the box were so fine that there was little space for air to get under the lid as it was lifted, but with a little encouragement it finally came free. Laying the lid down, Harry poked his wand under the protective cloth that covered the box's contents, and felt his breath catch as he pulled it aside.Set into an oval of finely wrought gold, creating a kind of frame, and captured in some sort of forcefield, a wand slowly spun in place. It was an old wand, very old, to judge by the fine cracks and worn grip, but it was the placard below, a silver plate set into the golden ring, that truly marked the wand as ancient.'this beest the wand of godric griffid'r – c.993 – 1097'Harry barely noticed the gasp that sounded at his shoulder. 'You've got to be kidding me.' Ginny said, breathless.'I can barely believe it myself.' Harry said, feeling a little light-headed. The wand of Godric Gryffindor? If true, it was incredible. Most of the man's life was surrounded in myth and fable, meaning that very little was actually known about the Hogwarts Founder, including the characterises of his wand. Could this really be it? If so, the value of it was incalculable.To think that this package might have been sitting at the bottom of his in-tray for months, that Harry might have put a cup of tea on top of it a couple of times without knowing!Incredible!Harry felt an urge to reach out and hold this piece of history in his own hands.'Can we even accept it?'The question brought Harry out of his euphoria with a bump. That was a good question. The wand of Godric Gryffindor. It was an object of national significance, of international significance. It belonged in a museum, or perhaps at Hogwarts where students could take ownership of it. To keep it for themselves? It was almost unthinkable.'Oh, Gin. If only we could.' Harry said wistfully. He turned back to the wand, over 1000 years old, rotating it its stasis field. The fact that it wasn't dust already was testament to the strength of the magic holding it in place. No wonder he had detected strong magic within the package.Once again, the urge to reach out and hold the wand himself was strong. The wand of Godric Gryffindor!'Maybe we should give it to McGonagall?' Harry suggested, fighting the urge best he could. 'She could keep it alongside the sorting hat, or put it on display in the Great Hall?''And suffer the wrath of Hermione?' Ginny countered. 'She's going to want the Ministry to have it, you know. She loves Hogwarts, but she has grander ideas than that now.''So, a rock and a hard place.' Harry sighed and leant back into the cushions of the sofa, still staring wide-eyed at the rotating wand before him. 'Still, I don't suppose we have to make a decision right away.''Harry!''What?' Harry said, grinning sheepishly. 'We're the only ones that know we've got it, apart from this mysterious 'D'. All I'm saying is that we have some time to make a decision. Maybe we can feel both McGonagall and Hermione out to see which would be least likely to skin me alive.'Ginny seemed uncertain. 'I don't know, Harry. If we keep it for a few days, who's to say that it won't stretch to a month, then a year. Suddenly, the Potters are the family that hoarded Gryffindor's wand for themselves.''Come on, Gin. We're not like that.' Harry countered. 'Plus, the moment one of the kids sees this at Christmas, half the students on the Hogwarts Express will know we have it before they make it back to Hogsmeade. That gives us two months at most.'Ginny gave a grand sigh, and Harry knew he had convinced her, for now at least.'So, what do we do with it in the meantime?' she asked. 'We can't exactly put it on the mantle.'Harry nodded. 'Agreed,' he said, 'but it seems such a shame to put it in a drawer too.''Then make a decision about who to give it to, and it can go on display properly!' Ginny countered.'Fine!' Harry relented. 'In a drawer it goes.' he leant forward to regard the wand one last time. It was just so incredible. The real, honest-to-god, wand of Godric Gryffindor. It was right there before him. Impulsively, he reached out a hand, the urge to hold it returning stronger than ever.'Harry!' Ginny said, alarmed. She placed a hand on his arm, as if to restrain him. 'What are you doing!'He paused, 'Just for a second, Gin.' he said, guiltily. 'Once we give it away, you know that I'll never have another chance.' he pleaded. 'Gin! It's the wand of Godric Gryffindor!''It's just a wand, Harry.' she replied. 'You've already been in contact with more legendary items than almost any other person in history! Hufflepuff's cup. Gryffindor's sword.' she listed them off on her fingers, 'The Philosopher's Stone. The Tri-Wizard Cup. All of the Deathly Hallows! Do you really need to hold this wand too?'Harry considered her words. She was correct, of course. He'd been uncommonly lucky in life, in a way, to have come into contact with so many unique and special items of note. The fact that he'd undergone a lot of suffering during the events that had led up to these encounters did little to balance it out, although it did at least it mean than people couldn't begrudge him that luck either.And yet… And yet…'I see what you're saying.' he acknowledged, 'but it's right there, Gin! Right there!''You're an idiot, Harry Potter.' she said, 'And if Hermione were here, she'd say so too.''But I bet that Ron would agree with me.' Harry countered. 'George too.'Ginny nodded. 'Well, that's true enough. If either of them were here, the wand would have been passed around the three of you like a bottle of firewhiskey by now.' She sighed, 'Fine, do what you want, Harry. You're certainly old enough and ugly enough to make your own mistakes. Just don't come crying to me if, the moment you take it out of that stasis field, the entire wand starts to fall apart in your hands.'Harry bristled, uncomfortable with the fact that his wife had a point. He didn't know if the wand could survive handling. It certainly was extremely selfish to test it. There was something drawing him in, though. Some primal urge that made holding that wand suddenly extremely important to him.Taking a deep breath, he reached into the golden frame that supported the field, and closed his hand around the wand's handle.Almost immediately, he knew something was wrong. The world around him seemed to slow, and the next few moments, although they probably only took seconds, seemed to stretch to twice, three times, four times that length. He tried to remove his hand, to let go of the wand, but his fingers seemed fixed, almost glued to the object. In panic, Harry tried to call out, but his voice came out low and distorted.Time seemed to be slowing further. The next moments stretched to minutes, whilst Harry's thoughts raced on at normal speed. He watched as, in slow motion, his wife's eyes widened in surprise. She reached out a hand, her movements seemed impeded by the very air, as if moving through treacle. She blinked, and Harry watched almost in fascination at how her eyelids moved, the eyelashes wobbling as the lids opened once more in a way that was simply imperceptible at normal speeds.After an age, Ginny's hand touched the skin of his arm. The action was so slow that Harry was able to marvel at the warmth of her skin, the firmness of her touch. It seemed that she was attempting to pull his hand physically off the wand.Then time stopped. For a while, Harry wasn't sure if the time distortion had simply grown so large that movement was simply imperceptible. The living room, the furniture, his wife, the entire world was stationary like a muggle picture. He couldn't even move his eyes any more.How long would this last? Would he be stuck here like this forever? Was Ginny experiencing all this too, or was it just him? In which case, he wondered what had happened next. Was Ginny now shouting at him for being so foolish? Or, was the entire world experiencing this too?He seemed to stay like that, frozen in space and time, for hours. It started to dawn on him that he might very well die like this, never to move again. But, he reasoned as time inexorably went on inside the confines of his mind, if his body wasn't ageing, or using energy, he would never grow old. Nor would he die of hunger, nor thirst. He might be trapped here, in this moment, for eternity.Harry never knew how long he waited, as hours stretched potentially into days, then weeks. He didn't sleep, he didn't need to, nor could he even close his eyes. Instead he stared onwards, his focus on a singular spot on Ginny's concerned face. He could switch his attention briefly to other parts of his peripheral view, but sooner or later it would always come back to that one focal point. Emotionally, he went through a number of stages, from fear, to resignation, through boredom. He convinced himself on a number of occasions that he had gone mad, only for his mind to get lost in a memory of his life – his wife, their wedding, their kids, his friends, his godson and his children – and he would realise that he still retained a semblance of humanity.When it eventually happened, Harry almost didn't notice. He had been lost in thought, pondering whether or not he could have made it as a professional quidditch player as his wife had, when a flicker of movement caught his eye.He immediately dismissed it. His mind had tricked him into seeing movement before, and it didn't pay to start entertaining such notions. It would only lead to disappointment and emotional pain in the end. So, he went back to his pondering.The Chudley Cannons would have taken him, surely. What possible harm could giving Harry Potter a fly do to their record? Then again, Harry would then be on the receiving end of a mountain of abuse from Ron if he failed to succeed. And, he would have been compared unfavourably to his extremely successful wife much too often. He loved Ginny, but the thought of losing every game of quidditch he ever played against her was a step too far.He glanced up at Ginny's eyes, beautiful, and stuck in their perpetual state of concern. He had been lucky, really, hadn't he.Then he realised what he'd just done. He'd glanced. Glanced! He hadn't been able to move his eyes to glance at anything for… well, he didn't truly know. Time had kind of lost all meaning.He tried again, and was thrilled at his ability to glance at other objects too. The wand, he'd forgotten almost what it had looked like. The clock on the mantle, it had been a few minutes past ten at night. The point at which Ginny's hand was resting on his arm. Being able to change his focus was incredible!Soon he was noting other changes too. Ginny's hair was moving, but something was strange about it. Not only that it was moving in slow motion, that much was granted, but the motion itself seemed unusual. Ginny blinked again, taking an age to do so, but the motion kept Harry's rapt attention. He wasn't imagining it. The world was speeding up again. Very slowly, but it was progress.It was perhaps another day, or week, or hour, before Harry realised what had been bugging him about the movement. It had started with Ginny's hair, flowing in an odd way, but as things started to speed up, other motions had cashed in on this weirdness too. Ginny's eyelids seemed to accelerate and decelerate strangely, as did the waves his hand had caused in the status field. It wasn't until he had glanced again at the mantle clock that he saw why.Time was flowing backwards. Suddenly the weirdness in the movements made sense. Start slow, end fast and abruptly, rather than the normal fast to slow that was usual for motion at small timescales. What did it mean though? How far would it reverse?Harry barely had time to contemplate this thought before events started to cascade. Time was speeding up exponentially now, albeit in the wrong direction. Harry watched as Ginny's hand lifted off his arm and lunged back across his field of vision, still through treacle, but now in reverse. He heard himself shout, the sound low, but distorted and backwards and it made no sense to him. Time was almost at normal speed now, seeming ridiculously fast compared to the eons of stillness he had just endured, but still it ploughed onwards, backwards.Harry braced himself for the moment that he would let go of the wand. He had known this moment would come ever since he had discovered that time was flowing backwards, but as it approached he found himself unprepared. What would happen? Would all this simply end, and he would be able to make the choice 'not' to grasp at the wand? He had been moving forward when he had grabbed the wand, he thought, probably. It had been such a long time ago now, he could barely remember. If time did restart the instant that his skin left the wand, would he even have time to stop himself from grabbing it all over again?Would he be stuck in an infinite loop for the rest of eternity? Somehow, that seemed even worse than being frozen in time.The moment came, and in the blink of an eye it had passed by as time continued to speed up, but in the wrong direction. Harry watched, baffled as he had a sped up and entirely unintelligible conversation with his wife. He could feel his lips moving, hear the backwards words, but as time continued faster and faster, it only confused him further.What was going on? He hadn't been prepared for this. Suddenly he was carrying the tray back up the stairs and into his study, messed up his desk, sat down and had another garbled conversation with his wife. Their words were little more than squeaks now, sounding like a badly damaged muggle tape being rewound too fast.Harry watched as Ginny seemed to disappear into thin air, only to realise that she had moved too fast for his eyes to comprehend. He was barely able to register the movement of parchments in the blur of white on the desk before him, then time became so fast that he only managed snippets of information, like brief glances at still photos through the window of a speeding train.He saw the Ministry, and a woman who might have been Hermione, but there was no time to put effort into recognising her, because suddenly he was walking down a street with muggles passing by. Now he was at a quidditch match, probably. He saw the bright lights of spells, curses, frozen in the snapshot of time that he had glimpsed. Hogwarts loomed large. A dragon, flame spewing from its mouth, dove at him. An internal hallway at Hogwarts this time. He was flying a broom, now back on the ground. Images flew past faster and faster until it became impossible to even glimpse them. The noise of all these events seemed to grow into a crescendo until at last…It ended.Author's Note: I've not written or uploaded a fic for a very long time, and this project has been on my back-burner for a number of years. However, during the recent human-malware situation we've all found ourselves in, I've had some extra time on my hands, and I managed to get the first book of this story polished off. Right now, my intention is to release a chapter or two every week, whilst I work on the second book in the series.I hope you enjoy it, and I welcome any thoughts that you might have.Stay safe out there - Chris

Chapter 2: ArrivalThe relative silence was almost deafening. An image flooded into Harry's information overloaded brain, but it seemed to skip off and Harry failed to take any of it in. He was vaguely aware that he was on his knees.Then his brain kicked into gear. Reflexively, he gasped for breath, the sensation of cool air filling his lungs bringing him back to reality. He was alive. He was alive, and time was flowing normally again. Relief flooded through him, along with a euphoric feeling unlike he had ever experienced before.It was over.With blinking eyes, Harry looked about and recognised where he was almost immediately.This was King's Cross Station. He'd know it anywhere. The large arched ceiling made of glass, the yellow brick walls, the bustle of muggles as they lived their busy lives in happy ignorance of magic.Considering what he'd just been through, Harry almost considered them lucky.'Hey. Hey, kid! You all-right down there?'Harry blinked and looked around, surprised to have to look up to regard the muggle platform attendant standing over him. Belatedly, Harry realised that he was on his knees.'Oh, yeah. I'm fine.' Harry said, his voice sounding high pitched and squeaky to his ears, probably the effect of whatever magic had just sent him here. He cleared his throat and tried again. 'I just fell. I'll be okay.'His voice was still high, but at least he could understand the words. None of that backwards talking any more.'Well, you tell me if you need a hand, okay?' the attendant said, looking unconvinced with Harry's assurances. 'With your things too. You seem to be travelling heavy for someone so young.'Harry frowned. Young? He was the same age or older than the man! He looked about to discover the luggage that the attendant had implied belonged to him. The chest he recognised as his, although in much better condition than it had looked in a number of years. He had lent it to Albus at the end of summer, to replace Albus's own that had been destroyed in an unfortunate potions accident. Perhaps his son had worked some magic to rejuvenate the case?Still, at least it gave Harry a ballpark figure as to 'when' he had been rewound to. If the trunk was here, Albus, James and Lily must be nearby with their mother.'Like I said, I'll be fine.' Harry reassured the platform attendant. 'Nothing I haven't handled before.'The attendant still appeared unconvinced with Harry's story, but nodded politely and walked away scratching his head. Probably the effect of the mild befuddlement charm that the Ministry had placed on King's Cross Station to help the multitudes of young witches and wizards, along with their notoriously poorly dressed parents, go unnoticed as they transited through the muggle station to reach Platform 9 ¾. Harry marvelled at the measures the wizarding world had to go though in order to make their magical world invisible to the muggles.He got to his feet and brushed down his clothes, at which point two things stood out to him as odd. First of all, he was holding his wand, a big no-no in front of muggles. Hastily, he shoved it up his oversized sleeve. The second oddities were the state of his clothes. His trousers, for a start, were easily two sizes too big for him, held around his waist by what might generously be called a belt, but which Harry more readily likened to an old piece of rope with a knot it in. Then there was his jumper, and the shirt beneath. Both, like the trousers, were multiple sizes too large, and poor states of repair. The jumper, maroon in colour, had a hole at one of the elbows which had been hastily patched, whilst the hem of the shirt was coming apart, with threads hanging down below his waist.What had happened to his clothes? Was this some kind of prank? Harry's thoughts immediately turned to James, his eldest son. The boy had always been a bit of a prankster, and had on more than one occasion taken things a bit far. Perhaps, with this being James's last year at Hogwarts, he was trying to go out with a bang in imitation of his Uncle George, except that James was actually going to finish his Hogwarts' schooling, of course.With no better explanation to work with, Harry filed away the grievance for later. In isolation, the prank was a good one, but perhaps not in the middle of a busy muggle train station.Getting his bearings, Harry identified where the entrance to Platform 9 ¾ was and rounded on the trolley behind him, intent to head in that direction. If Ginny and the kids were anywhere, that's where they'd be.Harry grasped the handle of the trolley, only to realise that the height was all wrong. Either he had shrunk, or the trolly itself was abnormally large. Another effect of the prank? A shrinking or de-aging charm? That was very advanced. Harry was almost impressed. With the trunk and the cage of Albus's owl poking up beyond, Harry struggled to see where he was going, but got the trolley moving.Busy muggles rushed past him, some with inquisitive stares, others with annoyed glances and grumbled complaints. One kindly woman about Ginny's age offered to help him with his trolley, which Harry graciously declined. As hard as controlling the trolley was in his shrunken state, he didn't think the woman would cope well with the revelation of Platform 9 ¾. He forged on, and almost had the entrance to the platform in sight, a rather battered and uncared for barrier between Platforms 9 and 10, when a curious sound caught his ear.'- packed with Muggles of course -'It was like rediscovering a favourite song, years after you had forgotten it had ever existed. Harry's head shot around. That voice belonged to Molly Weasley – Ginny's mother. What was she doing here? If Harry was only a couple of months back, dropping off his own children at the Hogwarts Express, then Molly shouldn't be here at all. She should have been at home recovering after receiving a nasty dose of doxy venom, having recently attempted, at the ripe old age of 70, to clean out the Burrow's attic.Plus, there was another irregularity. Molly Weasley's voice had altered over the years. Not by much, granted, but by enough that Harry's brain immediately recognised the change. It was a clearer sound, less raspy than it had become in the thirty years that Harry had known the woman.His interest piqued, Harry moved towards the barrier, reasoning that was where the Weasleys' would be heading too. He craned his neck as he went but, because of his shrunken size, there was no way to effectively see through the crowd. Once or twice Harry thought he might have glimpsed a shock of red hair, but never for long enough to tell who or what it had been.Harry silently vowed to skin James alive later when he caught up with the boy. If James thought that getting on a train to Scotland was going to protect him somehow, he'd have a nasty surprise waiting for him when the boy came home for Christmas.Pushing the trolley turned out to be a greater challenge that Harry had anticipated, and he was quickly out of breath. By the time he had negotiated the busy station, the only figures he could see at the magical barrier were the familiar frame of Mrs Weasley and a small red-headed girl Harry took to be Rose, Ron and Hermione's daughter.'Come on, dear.' Mrs Weasley was saying. 'Let's not dawdle, or the train will leave before we get through.''But,' said the girl beside her, 'Just a few more moments. Please!'As Harry approached, Mrs Weasley once again attempted to coax the girl through the barrier. So distracted was she that Harry had to stop almost dead in front of her before she noticed him.'Hello, Molly.' Harry said, annoyed once again at the sound of his own high-pitched voice. It was ridiculous. He sounded like he was ten! 'Good to see that you're feeling better.' And she must have done. Miles better. She looked healthier than she had in years. Harry made a mental note to look into the properties of doxy venom. Perhaps there was some hidden benefit to it.Mrs Weasley blinked, apparently surprised by Harry's address. She looked down at him and offered an uncertain smile.'I'm sorry, dear?' she said politely, puzzlement on her face. Obviously, she hadn't recognised him. 'Can I help you?''Um, yes.' Harry smiled, 'Apologies, but I fear James has pulled a little prank and de-aged me by a few decades.' he said by way of explanation, but when Mrs Weasley looked even more confused, he sought to clarify. 'It's me.' he said, 'Harry!'Mrs Weasley frowned. 'Harry? Harry who, dear?' she said. Her eyes glanced over at the trolley he had been pushing. 'Are you for Hogwarts, dear?' she asked. 'You best get a move on, or the train will leave soon. Do you need help getting through the barrier?'Harry felt like growling in frustration. How could Mrs Weasley, his mother-in-law, not recognise him? Even if he did look like a Hogwarts student because of James's silly prank, she had known him as a child, and both James and Albus had very similar features to himself.Annoyed, Harry turned to Rose, who had been standing silently beside Mrs Weasley all this time. Hopefully she would at least realise what was going on!Harry's eyes met Rose's. They were angry. Very angry. To the point that the girl's face was almost as scarlet as her hair. Harry was taken aback. What had he done to deserve such ire?Then it hit him. For a moment he allowed himself to look the girl over more completely. Young, younger than Rose should have been by a couple of years, her hair was tied back in two ponytails the same way that Molly would tie up Lily's hair when she visited, whilst the girl's face was a literal minefield of dark freckles against milky white skin.It was amazing how much she looked like his own daughter, Lily, except that it wasn't Lily.It was a ten-year-old Ginny, and by the blazing look in her eyes, Harry could tell that something was very wrong.'Are you okay? Harry, was it?' Mrs Weasley asked, and Harry managed to break the gaze of his furious and curiously child-like wife.'Oh, yes.' He managed, flustered. What was going on? 'Yes, the barrier. I suppose I'll go on through then.' he said with forced cheer.Glancing once more at Ginny, Harry lined up his trolley and rushed towards the barrier. Moments later he was once again standing on the magical Platform 9 ¾, surrounded by the abject chaos of the wizarding world, although Harry saw little of it, so occupied within his own mind.Out of habit he steered his trolley to a safe distance away from the barrier, wary of being in the way when Mrs Weasley and Ginny would come through. He came to a stop underneath the same archway that he had used only last month as he and Ginny had waved off their own children.Confusion reigned in Harry head. Ginny had been young. Very young. But then, so had Molly, and so was he. But, did that mean… No! It was impossible!If he was young, truly young, then there must be some way to check. Frantically, he searched his pockets. A wand. Holly and phoenix feather, 11 inches, but that wasn't proof. That was still his wand. He checked again, and pulled out a ticket.Harry's heart sank. It was a golden ticket. It was a ticket for the Hogwarts Express. More importantly, it had his name on it, right next to the date and time of the train: 'Eleven o'clock – Platform 9 ¾ – King's Cross Station…'The First of September, 1991.With shaking knees, Harry half sat, half fell, back onto his case. 1991? Could it be possible? He looked at the ticket again, studying it for any defects that might show this was all some kind of elaborate prank, but no. It was a real ticket. The ticket that had taken him to Hogwarts all those years ago.Gryffindor's wand! It must have sent him back! But why here? Why now?The more Harry considered his situation, the more the implications of his very being here seemed to crash down on him. Time travel was outlawed, and for very good reason! Albus and Scorpius had proven why amply, almost destroying all of the struggles of Harry's generation in one evening. To think that Harry himself might end up doing the same thing paralysed him with fear.He couldn't go into hiding and do nothing, that would destroy the timeline as surely as actively trying to make changes, and yet, doing exactly the same things as before seemed almost impossible. Even if he could remember every action he had ever taken, every decision he had ever made, every conversation he had ever had, his foreknowledge meant that he'd react differently to the same situations. His body might be young, but he had years of experience as an Auror, as a parent. Could he really stand by and watch as things went wrong around him without changing it for the sake of preserving the timeline?Panic had truly settled in by the time Ginny arrived. She was still red in the face, but one look at Harry's condition seemed to calm her enough not to throttle him where he stood.'I thought I might find you here.' she said in a low voice. 'And by the look on your face, you've worked out what's going on.'Harry nodded, unable to properly articulate himself.'I told you not to touch it!' Ginny growled angrily. 'I told you! And look what's happened!''I know!' Harry replied, 'I know, and I'm sorry, but I couldn't have foreseen -'Ginny's eyes lit up. 'Anything could have happened, Harry!' she almost shouted. 'It could have killed you!''I agree, Ginny!' Harry replied hotly. 'You were right! I made a mistake! And now…' he couldn't finish the sentence, and was surprised to find himself struggling to contain tears. His eleven-year-old self, it seemed, had not yet developed enough self control to do so.For a moment it looked like Ginny would carry on her angry tirade at him, but the sight of her husband on the verge of tears, one who looked so much like her sons, seemed to catch her off-guard. In a moment her expression had softened, and she had leant in to give Harry a hug.'I know.' her child-like voice said softly into his ear, 'I know. I'm sorry. I'm just … frustrated.' she said, and if Harry hadn't been so distraught in that moment, he might have found it amusing how adult a ten-year-old Ginny was acting.'But, wait.' Harry said, a thought suddenly coming to him. He wiped his eyes with an oversized sleeve. 'I know why I'm here. I touched the wand, but how come you're here too?''I was touching your arm, Harry.' she replied. 'Don't you remember? You called out and I reached over to help.''Oh, Ginny. I'm so sorry.' Harry said. The only thing worse than being dragged back in time like this was the thought that he'd unwittingly dragged someone else along with him. At least, with himself, it had been his own mistake. 'But, does that mean…' Harry drew in a breath, not wanting to relive the experience, but needing to know. 'Does that mean you experienced that strange time dilation too?'The look in Ginny's eye told him all he needed to know.'The only reason I haven't skinned you alive is the amount of time I had to calm down and think it over.''And what conclusions did you come to?''That you're an idiot, and you should listen to your wife more often than you do.' she said, her eyes flashing dangerously, but the curl to her lips told Harry that her anger, whilst genuine, was tempered somewhat. 'But that you're my idiot. Then again, at the time I hadn't realised we'd both end up here, like this…' she sighed.'It wasn't at the forefront of my mind, either.' Harry replied. 'And the more I think about it, the less it makes sense. Who would want to send us back like this?''You mean you, right? I doubt they were targeting me by sending the wand to your office.' she said, 'But your guess is as good as mine. We can't even tell if it was deliberate, or just an effect of touching the wand.''What do you mean?' Harry asked.'Well, there's always the chance that the sender didn't know that there was an enchantment on the wand.''That sounds unlikely, Gin.' Harry frowned. 'Wands, even ancient ones, don't normally have enchantments like that on them.''Maybe you can ask Ollivander about it some time.' Ginny replied, checking her watch. 'But listen, we don't have much time.''What do you mean?' Harry said, puzzled. Surely, if they had anything, it was an abundance of time.'The train!' Ginny said, 'It's leaving soon. You need to get on, or you'll miss your first year of Hogwarts!' she waved a hand towards where students were saying their last goodbyes at the carriage doors. 'Plus,' she said a little worriedly, 'I didn't exactly tell my mother where I was going, so I've got to keep this brief or she'll initiate a search of the station for me.''Merlin.' Harry whispered. 'But, we've got to talk! We've got to work a way out of this!''Later, Harry!' Ginny urged. 'We can write, or use the Floo. One good thing is that you've got Hedwig back.'Harry spun on the spot, grappling for the cage. He hadn't considered that! With trembling hands he inspected the cage, only for the snowy owl to click her beak at him unhappily. Perhaps all the commotion had disturbed her nap. Harry didn't care though. His owl was alive!'Hedwig! It's so good to see you!' he said. The owl hooted at him, then put her head under her wing and went back to sleep.'Harry,' Ginny said. 'The train?''Oh, right.'With Ginny's help, Harry pushed his trolley towards the nearest train carriage. Now that Harry truly understood what was going on, he allowed himself a moment to marvel at the perspective change. Everything seemed so large, adults seemed so big and strong. It was strange.Then he started noticing other details, other people. There was a young Neville, running around the platform after an escaped Trevor the toad with his elderly grandmother in tow, vulture hat firmly in place. There were the Patil twins leaning out a carriage window, along with a youthful Justin Finch-Fletchley talking with their parents. The two families seemed to know each other.Then Harry started to spot others. The faces of those he had seen die. Lavender Brown looked excited, her eyes bright, as she hugged her mother not fifteen paces from where Harry and Ginny were walking. Lavender, a girlfriend of Ron's briefly in their sixth year, had fought and died in the Battle of Hogwarts, a victim of the werewolf Fenrir Greyback. Harry distinctly remembered seeing her broken body during and after the battle. It was an image he would never, could never, forget.Harry averted his eyes, but now that he was aware of them, everywhere he looked he seemed to spot one of the more than fifty that had died that day, or others which had either been murdered or 'disappeared' in Voldemort's reign of terror. He didn't know whether to rejoice at them being alive again, or feel dismayed that he knew what was coming for them.'Seeing ghosts?' Ginny asked softly beside him. 'I see them too, and I don't know how to feel.'Harry turned to his wife, only to find her staring straight ahead. Harry followed her gaze to the window of the carriage closest to them, where her twin brothers, Fred and George, were pulling faces at their brother Percy within the compartment they shared.Fred had also died in the Battle of Hogwarts, killed by an explosion during the fighting. The entire Weasley family, Harry and Hermione included, had never quite gotten over Fred's death, but Ginny, who had been particularly close with her twin brothers, had taken it especially hard. Harry was finding it difficult just to look at Fred's grinning face without the pain of losing him bubbling up within him. He could only imagine what Ginny must be going through.'Oh, god, Gin.' Harry said. 'I'm sorry. I-I don't know quite what to say.''You don't need to, Harry.' she replied, wiping away a solitary tear. 'Right now, he's alive, and that's what matters.'They stopped at the carriage door, and only then realised that Harry's trunk was much too heavy for either of them to lift, even together. Harry was tempted to use his wand, but decided against it, as Harry Potter of this time period hadn't learned the levitation spell yet. That would have to wait for the 'Wingardium Leviosa' charms lesson with Professor Flitwick.What a fun day that had been.Fortunately, at this moment, history appeared to repeat itself.'Want a hand?' a voice said from above them. It was George, grinning like a maniac as he leant out of the carriage window.'Um, yes please.' Harry replied, glancing at Ginny. How were they going to explain away her presence at his side? The twins, of all people, would notice if she tried to slip away now.'Oy, Fred! C'mere and help!'The twins leapt from the carriage, grabbed both Harry's case and Hedwig's cage, and loaded them into the luggage racks in their compartment. Within moments, they were back, both grinning down at Harry and Ginny like predatory dogs.'So, sis.' Fred said.'Who's your new friend?' George finished.Ginny, who still looked a little shell shocked at the fact that her dead brother was speaking to her, mumbled something unintelligible. Fortunately, it had the effect of looking like a bashful pre-teen being caught in a compromising position, and completely sold the twins down the river.'Now now, little sister.' Fred chided. 'Let's not be shy now!''Why don't we ask your boyfriend?' George said, switching his attention to Harry. 'I wonder what he has to say for himself.''Indeed, brother mine.' Fred said, gleefully. 'What excuse does he give for accosting our little sister so?'Harry fought to keep a straight face, as both guilt and mirth threatened to break through. 'I, um.' he said intelligently, 'I'm new. She was helping me.'The twins faces, somehow, split into wider grins. 'New, he says!' Fred said to George. 'New to what, I wonder. Trains?''Trolleys?' Fred offered. 'They are complicated you know.''New to walking? I always found that one hard.''New to dressing, for sure.' Fred said, eyeing Harry's hand-me-down clothes. 'Or perhaps to light?''He did seem to dress in the dark this morning…' George agreed.Harry was having enough fun watching the exchange that he forgot to feel insulted.'That's enough!' Ginny said, finding her voice. 'You should be nicer, you know!''Ooh! Standing up for him, are we?' Fred said, rounding on his sister with mischief in his eyes.'She probably loves him.' George said in a conspirational whisper loud enough to be heard in the next carriage. 'Already planned their marriage.''I have not!' Ginny replied, hotly. 'You're both just being gits!''Ginny Weasley!' the voice came from behind them, and it was angry. Both Harry and Ginny instinctively ducked their heads and turned to see the figure of Mrs Weasley baring down on them.'Op! I've just remembered-' Fred said.'We've got to see a man about a hippogriff.' George finished, and suddenly they were gone.'They really are gits.' Harry said under his breath to Ginny, who hissed back at him to 'shut up!''Where in Merlin's name did you run off to?' Mrs Weasley said hotly as she arrived. Despite her relative youth to Harry's eyes, the woman was out of breath from the small run. 'And what was that language that I just heard?''I'm sorry, mum.' Ginny said, her face a picture of innocence. The transition back to her childlike persona was so sudden a shift that Harry did a double-take. 'I saw Harry needed a hand, so I helped.'Mrs Weasley's scowl remained, but her eyes softened as they slid over to inspect Harry. He could feel the disapproval rolling off of her as she took in his oversized and threadbare clothes. It was smart of Ginny to play it off this way. Her mother had always had a soft spot for Harry, and it had all started with the apparent (and actual) lack of care that his Aunt and Uncle had shown him.'Well, that's all good and well, Ginny.' she said, 'But I never thought I'd see the day when my daughter would use such language! I should wash your mouth out with soap, young lady.''Oh, I'm sorry, mum.' Ginny replied, 'I didn't realise it was a bad word. Fred and George taught it to me. They said it meant 'being horrid'.'Harry could barely believe that Mrs Weasley would accept such a bare-faced lie, but it seemed that the reputation of Fred and George was working against them on this occasion. He watched, amazed, as Mrs Weasley shot an angry glare towards the carriage window behind them, where the twins had undoubtedly been attempting to clandestinely listen in.'Well, they told you wrong.' she said finally, all her anger dissipated, or at least redirected towards her other children for the moment. 'Promise me that I'll never hear you using that word again.''I promise.' Ginny lied.'Good.' Mrs Weasley sighed, and the matter was considered settled. She turned towards Harry. 'Hello, dear.' she said. 'Harry, was it?''Yes, Mo – um – Ma'am.' Harry said, catching himself at the last minute as he reflexively almost called her by her first name. 'Harry Potter. Nice to meet you.' He held out his hand.The reaction was instant, and yet reasonably subtle. Harry had seen the dance done a thousand times, even as an adult. As Mrs Weasley politely shook Harry's hand, her eyes swept his forehead, focused on the scar for a moment, glanced down and caught his gaze, then looked abruptly away, a little ashamed of herself for having been caught looking.'Well, it's a pleasure to meet you too, Harry dear.' Mrs Weasley said amiably. She turned and waved her husband over. 'Harry, this is my husband, Arthur. Arthur, this is Harry Potter.'Harry grinned up at the Weasley patriarch. Arthur Weasley was, in Harry's opinion, a uniquely pleasant man. Genuinely kind and caring, he delighted in discovering the smallest details about any one of his hobbies, the most fascinating to him were muggles. Any muggle artefact, be it as mundane as a rubber duck, or as complicated as the mechanics of a combustion engine, Arthur took equal pleasure in asking endless questions of Harry about their function, construction and mechanisms, despite Harry's own muggle schooling having finished at the age of 10.Despite that, if there was one man that Harry had unlimited time for, it was Arthur Weasley.'Nice to meet you.' Harry said.'And you.' Arthur replied, a little breathless. 'It's an honour. But perhaps now is not the time for all this? The train is about to leave, you know.'And so it was. Just as Mr Weasley had finished speaking, a whistle sounded from the front of the train, causing an immediate increase in the chaos at the platform's edge. Trunks were suddenly being levitated through windows, occasionally with their associated child following close behind, whilst other parents emerged hastily from the carriage doors, keen to avoid being stuck on the train all the way to Hogwarts.Harry stepped up into the carriage and closed the door behind him. Pulling down the window, he leant out and waved.'Thanks for the help, Ginny!' he called, wishing he could say something more. She locked eyes with him, saying all she could with a look. She appeared to start mouthing something, but Ron's head suddenly appeared out of the next carriage window up and she stopped short.'Bye!' Ron said, drawing the attention of his family and waving. 'See you at Christmas!''Be good, Ron!' Mrs Weasley called out as the train started to move off. 'And tell Percy if your brothers ask you to do anything dangerous!''Mum!'As the train picked up speed, Ginny's childlike frame jogged along beside it, waving. There were tears in her eyes, just as there had been the first time Harry had caught this train, but he suspected, or hoped perhaps, that they might be for entirely different reasons this time. He waved back frantically, until she was a tiny speck in the distance, and then gone, lost in the forest of buildings that was the London skyline.It occurred to him then that since he and Ginny had reconciled after the war, they had barely spent a week away from each other. Now they would be apart for six months at least, perhaps a year.It was a surprisingly daunting prospect.Pulling himself into the carriage, Harry reset his glasses. He patted his pocket and felt the familiar form of his wand under his palm. For some reason, its presence comforted him.Steeling himself, he rounded the corner and stood before the compartment door, behind which almost the entire Weasley clan sat. His hand hovered above the catch.Well, this was going to be weird.He opened the door and stepped inside.Author's Note:A massive thank you to everyone who's reading this fic, and especially to those that have left reviews. I love hearing what you guys think, and it really does help to encourage others to give the fic a go, especially when it's first published.The next chapter will be up in a couple of days, and I hope to see you all back then.Chris

Chapter 3: Deja vuThe door slid open effortlessly, revealing an already packed compartment. Fred and George were pouring over a scrap of parchment on one side of the compartment, leaving their brother Ron in what looked like uncomfortable conversation with the eldest Weasley sibling, Percy.All four occupants looked around as Harry took a tentative step into the compartment.'Hi.' he said, realising belatedly that, this time, he hadn't actually been invited into the compartment, but had instead simply invited himself. 'Um, is there a free seat in here?'The twins shared a look. 'Of course there is, Harry!' they said, stressing his name. So they had been listening to the conversation he and Ginny had had with their parents. They turned to their eldest brother.'Hop along, Percy!' Fred said, 'Don't you have important things to be doing?'Then, as one, the Weasley twins grabbed the back of Percy's robes and unceremoniously cast him out of the compartment.'I. Am. A. Prefect!' Percy growled as they did so, but he was light in frame, and against the two Beaters he had no chance. Harry flattened himself against the door frame to allow Percy to pass.'Sure, sure.' George said. 'What are you going to do? Deduct points from your own house?''Oh, wait!' Fred said, 'The thing is you can't. Not until Gryffindor actually has some points!'Percy seethed. 'Just wait, you two!' he said, straightening his robes – he had already changed for Hogwarts. 'Try something like that after tonight and I'll put you in detention so fast that-'George shut the door on him, cutting Percy off.'He goes on a bit, if you don't stop him.' Fred said, as if being extremely rude to one's brother was perfectly normal. Harry found himself torn between the childish humour that it was, and his instincts as a parent to stamp out such disrespectful behaviour. 'Please, Harry, take a seat.'Harry sat, deciding that scolding the twins would do little to protect the timeline.'This is our brother, Ron.' George said by way of introduction. 'Ron, this is Harry Potter.'Ron's eyes widened. 'Really? Cool!''And we caught him snogging Ginny!' Fred said, a glint in his eye. Harry glared at the boy.'No you did not!' he objected. 'She was just helping me with my trunk!'George jumped on the comment. 'So you're saying that you don't want to snog Ginny?''So you think she's ugly? Is that what you're saying?' Fred chimed in.'That's really rude, Harry.''Simply shocking. I don't think we can be friends.'George stood, and dramatically strode to the door. 'Come, Fred! I can't stand to be in his presence any longer!''Indeed, brother.' Fred replied, 'Let us away!'The pair left the compartment, leaving a silence that almost stung with their absence.Harry turned to Ron.'Look,' he said, 'I never-'Ron waved a hand. 'Don't worry about it.' he said, glaring at the door. 'They do it to me all the time. Well, not exactly that. I mean, they don't accuse me of wanting to kiss Ginny…' He trailed off, seemingly having confused himself. 'I mean…''That your sister was right when she called them both 'gits'?' Harry offered.Ron smiled and nodded. 'Did she really say that in front of mum?' he said gleefully. 'Oh, she's so going to get it!'From that moment on, Harry and Ron fell into easy conversation. Harry steered most of the topics, asking Ron about his family, and laying the groundwork for Ron to assume that Harry was mostly ignorant of wizarding culture. The moment that wizarding sports came up, Ron happily launched into an explanation of how brilliant quidditch was, and that Harry should follow his example and support the Chudley Cannons, as this season was definitely theirs for the taking.About an hour into the journey, conversation lulled, and Harry realised that Ron had retreated back into himself. The boy was rubbing the back of his neck nervously, and seemed to fight an internal battle before finally blurting out, 'D'you really have... I mean... Is there really a...''A scar?' Harry finished, hiding the smirk that threatened to force its way onto his face. Ron was gracious enough to look embarrassed. 'Yeah. Want to see?' he said, brushing his fringe out of the way to give Ron a better look. Harry noted distractedly how different his hair felt, the length was all wrong. He'd have to remedy that at some point. He wondered how long it would be before they were taught cutting hexes.'Blimey!' Ron exclaimed, forgetting his embarrassment and leaning forward in his seat to get a better look, 'And that's where You-Know-Who...'Harry nodded, dropping his fringe back into place. 'I can't remember much about it,' he said, shrugging, 'Just some green light. I don't get much more unless I get close to a Dementor-''You've seen a Dementor?!' Ron exclaimed, obviously impressed, if a little wary of the boy in front of him. 'I thought you went to live with muggles?'Harry mentally kicked himself. He was going to have to watch what he said very closely.'Err...' Harry said stupidly, trying to think his way out of the corner he'd put himself in. 'I did. It's just that, one time…' he stumbled, and then was promptly saved from answering any further by the arrival of the trolley lady. Harry promptly bought a couple of everything, and after forcing Ron to 'explain' how Bertie Botts Every Flavour Beans worked, he quickly steered the conversation towards Hogwarts.Fortunately, both the sweets and the prospect of educating Harry had sufficiently distracted Ron from the topic of Dementors, and the boy happily launched into an explanation of the history of the Hogwarts, and about the houses. Naturally, he was very critical of Slytherin, and was half way through explaining how boring Hufflepuff house was when a young looking third-year by the name of Lee Jordan poked his head into the compartment, followed closely by the twins.'Merlin!' the dark skinned boy said, after the twins had pointed Harry out. 'Imagine, Harry Potter at Hogwarts!' he grinned with excitement, before pausing and giving Harry a very searching look. 'You better get into Gryffindor,' he warned, pointing a finger at Harry's chest, 'We can't have the saviour of the wizarding world turning into a slimy Slytherin.'Harry smirked, despite the underlying threat. 'You don't have to worry about that,' he said confidently, 'That Hat won't know what hit it.''Hat?' said Ron, and Harry's heart dropped. He'd put his foot in it again. 'What hat?'Fred took over the explanation, 'Oh, that's how they sort you,' he said coolly, giving Harry a quick and almost imperceptible wink, 'You put it on your head, and it shouts out what you're thinking...whatever you're thinking.'Seeing Ron's horrified expression, George continued. 'You have to be really careful what you think about,' he said, a far away expression on his face, 'Last year there was this girl, Nora Hopkirk, and she didn't realise her thoughts were being projected.' he sighed, exchanging a harrowing look with Lee Jordan, 'Before then, I didn't think it was possible for anyone to fancy Professor Snape...'Suddenly Fred's face split into a smile. 'But, that's all behind us now.''Good luck, Harry.' Lee said,'Break a leg, Ron.' George said.And with that, the trio disappeared down the train, laughter following them all the way. Harry looked back to Ron, who's horror-stricken face looked a picture.What he wouldn't do for Colin's camera right about now.Time flowed quickly after that, with Ron attempting to distract himself by bringing out a set of Wizards Chess. Fortunately, this was one skill that did carry through into the muggle world, and Harry didn't have to hide the fact that he knew the rules already. They had just started their third match, the score 2-0 to Ron who, at eleven, was still better than Harry, when the compartment door suddenly opened, revealing the extremely small and slightly podgy form of Draco Malfoy.Harry had never noticed it at the time, but he supposed being waited on hand and foot by Dobby all his life, Draco was bound to eat more than he needed. Time at Hogwarts would sort that out over the years, as would the stress caused by being a Death Eater in service to Voldemort, but Harry couldn't suppress a smile at the thought of a Dudley-sized Draco.'Rumour has it that Harry Potter is in this compartment.' The blond haired boy said abruptly and without preamble.Harry's eyebrow went skyward as he shared a look with Ron. 'That's right.' he said evenly, 'What can I do for you?'Draco seemed to appraise Harry for a couple of seconds, a predatory look flashing across his face momentarily before his usual mask of superiority slipped back into place. He thrust out his hand. 'Draco Malfoy,' he said confidently. Ron sniggered and moved a knight across the board, taking Harry's queen.'Oh,' Draco said, turning to face Ron, 'Think my name's funny, do you?'Ron went to say something, but broke down sniggering again, making Draco frown.'Well, no guessing who you are, Weasley. The red hair, the freckles, the gormless expression,' he sneered, eyeing Ron's tatty clothing and slightly dishevelled appearance – the dirt on Ron's nose didn't help his case, 'and less money than a house elf.'The first two comments Ron appeared to take with pride, but the last one caused his expression to darken, and his ears to turn a dark shade of pink. Harry noticed Ron fingering his wand dangerously, and decided to step in before his friend did anything stupid.'Lay off, Malfoy.' he said calmly, 'Just because you've got more money than sense, it doesn't mean that the rest of us feel the need to wave gold at every problem we come across. I wonder, have you even learnt to tie your shoes yet? Or do you have to ask your 'mummy' to do it for you?'Draco's smirk disappeared amongst Ron's rejuvenated sniggering. There was a moment of silence as Draco seemed to weigh up his options.'As you're new to society, Potter, so I'm going to forget you said that.' Draco said coolly. 'You don't yet know who're the good guys,' he turned his gaze on Ron, 'and who're the waste of perfectly good air.'He caught Harry's eye. 'Be sure to make the right choice, Potter.'Ron's sniggers turned into laughter as the door closed behind the blonde haired boy. 'That was bloody brilliant!' he exclaimed, 'Dad told me about the Malfoys. Says he's got loads of evidence of dark artefacts coming from them, but never gets permission to raid their mansion.'His expression darkened, 'Dad reckons that Lucius Malfoy, Draco's dad, pays everyone off. The slimy git.'Harry smiled, knowing it to be true, but declined to comment. The boys settled back into their chess match, which Harry promptly lost in five turns. They had just reset the board for another game ('I'll try to go easier on you.'), when a knock sounded on the compartment door. Ron took the opportunity to dive into the pile of confectionery opposite him, whilst Harry turned to find Neville quite apprehensively poking his head into the compartment.'Hey there,' Harry said kindly, carefully resisting calling the boy by name, 'You okay?'Neville looked at him with wide eyes, apparently surprised by the polite question.'Er... yeah...no...I've, er, lost Trevor...'Ron screwed his nose up as he chewed a Bertie Bott's Bean. 'Bleh!' he said, coughing and spluttering. When he realised that both Harry and Neville were staring at him, he shrugged. 'Skele-Gro...' he explained simply.Shaking his head, Harry took a moment to write himself a mental note to ask Ginny why Ron had needed a Skele-Gro as a child, before turning back to Neville.'I'm afraid we haven't seen a...er...what is Trevor?' Harry said, catching himself before he said something stupid, again.Neville ducked his head, 'He's a toad.'Ron snorted and Neville seemed to withdraw into himself.'Don't listen to him,' Harry said, sending Ron a disapproving look.'Oh, yeah. Don't listen to me.' Ron said, suddenly diving into his jacket pocket, bringing out a rat that Harry knew only too well. 'I mean, all I've got is Scabbers.' Ron put him down on the seat and started prodding him with his finger. The rat remained asleep.'Pathetic.' Ron scoffed, prodding the thing one more time for good measure. 'He's been in the family for years, but I've never seen him do anything exciting or special. He just eats and sleeps.'Harry nodded absently, most his concentration going on resisting the urge to curse the traitor where he slept. How much would it change if he gutted the spineless rat where he lay? It was with a heavy heart that Harry realised the impact that killing Wormtail would have on the timeline. Without Pettigrew to help give Riddle back his human form, history would change considerably. So many possibilities existed. Would someone else step up to fill Wormtail's place? Would Riddle stay a formless ghost forever? Would Riddle find another way of getting a body back, a way that wouldn't require Harry's blood, or the flesh of a follower? No, Wormtail was crucial to Riddle's reincarnation. Without the rat, Harry couldn't predict when where or how it would happen.In any case, he had time to work out a plan to take down Riddle, and jumping the gun at this point wouldn't help. Harry shuddered and felt his skin crawl at the realisation that he was a horcrux again. He felt like he needed to wash.'Oh, are you doing magic?' an extremely familiar female voice said suddenly, making all three boys jump. Harry ripped his gaze away from Wormtail long enough to make out a fuzzy mound of brown hair filling up the doorway. Her face was a little more unfriendly and buck-toothed than he remembered, but it was definitely a very young Hermione Granger that stood before him.'Well?' she said, and Harry suddenly realised that she was looking at him, and not Ron.Harry looked down at his hand, where an unfamiliar wand was firmly grasped. It took him a moment, but suddenly he realised who's it was.It was Godric Gryffidor's wand.Baffled, Harry subtly checked his pocket. His holly and phoenix wand was still there, so where had this one come from? Then it hit him. Hadn't he put a wand up his sleeve when he had first arrived? Back in King's Cross? It had been reflex, from years of having a holster on the inside of his wrist as an Auror. He realised that he must have summoned it into his hand now whilst thinking about the multitude of ways that he could kill Wormtail. Luckily, nobody seemed to have noticed that particular piece of magic.Keenly aware that he didn't have the time to look confused, given that everyone was looking at him brandishing this wand, he forced himself to relax. Time hadn't stopped, or slowed. It was just a wand. An extremely old wand that, technically, didn't belong to him. He wondered if it would even preform magic in his hands.'Err...' he said, frantically searching his mind for a spell that he could legitimately know as a pre-first year Muggle-raised boy. He quickly realised that he shouldn't actually know any spells, which left only one option.'Um... Float!' he said, waving his wand wildly in the direction of Wormtail. He hadn't expected anything to happen, but the 'spell' appeared to work – almost.There was a bang, rather a lot of black smoke and a strange smell, but Scabbers went flying up into the air with a screech, hit the roof and then fell back to the seat with a thud. Everyone in the compartment froze, including Scabbers, who's tail was on fire. Moments later it was utter pandemonium as Ron burst into hysterical laughter, Neville went white, Hermione screamed and Scabbers flew about the compartment, squealing at the top of his little lungs. All the while, Harry stood there with a grin on his face, fighting the urge to curse the miserable little rodent a second time. Recovering quickly, he stashed the wand back up his sleeve. Hopefully he'd be able to switch back to his actual wand next time without anyone noticing.When things had finally settled down, and Scabbers had managed to put his tail out by knocking a bottle of pumpkin juice over himself, only one person seemed to think that the spell had been a failure.'Well, that wasn't very good, was it?' said Hermione, frowning at Ron, who was still having difficulty breathing.'Are you kidding?!' her future husband exclaimed between breaths, 'I haven't seen anything funnier since Fred and George turned Percy's hair green!'Hermione huffed. 'Well, I've tried a few spells at home myself,' she said smugly, 'Only simple ones, but they worked mostly. I wish mum and dad could've helped me out with that, but they're not magical in the slightest, none of my family are, so I was fumbling in the dark really.' She managed to say this all in one breath, which Harry thought was impressive. She would grow out of talking that way by the end of the third year, and Harry was surprised to realise he'd missed it. 'I'm Hermione Granger, by the way. Who're you?''I'm Ron Weasley,' said Ron, 'That's Harry Potter,' he said, pointing at Harry, 'and I don't know your name...' he said, addressing Neville.Both Hermione and Neville were now staring at Harry, but Neville managed to recover enough to squeak out: 'Neville Longbottom.''Are you really Harry Potter?' Hermione questioned.'Yes?' he said, not trusting Hermione's tone. She seemed much too excited.Hermione squared her shoulders. 'I've read all about you, you know. I should think that everyone has. Did you know that more wizards know your name than know who the current Prime Minister is?''Prime Minister?' Ron questioned, 'What's that?'Hermione sighed very dramatically. 'See! Anyway, I need to get into my robes, and you should too – I asked the conductor, and he says we'll be arriving soon.' she turned to leave, but paused, turning to face Ron, 'Oh, and you've got dirt on your nose, did you know?'And with that, she swept from the doorway, leaving a vacuum of silence behind her.'Blimey...' Ron said, leaning back heavily against the seat and rubbing the end of his nose, 'Completely nutters, that one...'And for the first time all over again, Harry found himself agreeing with his best friend.The train pulled into Hogsmeade station not ten minutes later, and the first years filtered out slowly, forming a huddle as if there were some sort of safety in numbers. It wasn't long before the great hulking form of Hagrid greeted them, waving his lighthouse-sized lantern about. Harry absently wondered if Dumbledore deliberately got Hagrid to usher the first years to the castle to instil the fear of god into them. To anyone who didn't know the half-giant for the gentle and kind-hearted man that he was, he would be truly terrifying, especially to an 'ickle firstie'.They all piled into the boats, and Harry revelled in the chance to re-visit the experience. On the train ride up, Harry had had time to consider many things, and one of them was that if he was going to be forced to do things again, he would get what he could out of it. Yes, there were serious consequences if he or Ginny changed the timeline substantially, and he didn't even want to think about the random-chance things that were out of his control, but a super-serious Harry that took no enjoyment from life would probably cause more damage than a Harry that enjoyed the experience.With that thought in mind, Harry jumped in a boat beside Dean Thomas and Daphne Greengrass, allowing his boyish excitement to come to the fore. A warm babble of chatter emanated out from the boats as they magically pushed off from the dock, some of the more confident first years either encouraging or cajoling those that had never been in a boat before. Neville looked physical ill.The boats floated serenely along a narrow tree-lined river, until finally they emerged out onto the lake. Almost instantly, complete silence fell. Even Hermione had stopped talking about the books she'd read long enough to stare in awe and wonder at the castle as it came into view, lit beautifully by the full moon, and framed by a faint mist hanging over the lake.Harry wondered why it was only the first years that got to experience this boat trip. Sure, the thestral-pulled carriages that served the rest of the students were interesting, in their own morbid way, but they were nothing compared to this. He'd have to check with Hagrid at some point.Eventually, as the castle loomed large above them, the boats passed through a curtain of ivy and into a long winding tunnel that went deep into the dungeons. Soon enough the boats arrived at a small stone dock and the first years were ushered up the steps to the castle. The climb was shorter than Harry had anticipated, the geometry of Hogwarts one of the great mysteries of the school, and before long they were standing in the courtyard before the castle's grand main entrance.Hagrid knocked on the door, his meaty fist more like a battering ram than a hand, sending a deep boom out into the night. The door opened instantly, revealing a stern looking Minerva.'Thank you, Hagrid.' she said curtly, after Hagrid had introduced her to them. He made a poor approximation of a bow, winked at Harry, and then strode off into the night, presumably back to the little cottage he called home on the edge of the Forbidden Forest.'Welcome to Hogwarts.' McGonagall said, launching into her speech. She informed them of how they were to be sorted, which actually made Ron more nervous as her explanation of the Sorting Hat had done nothing to contradict Fred and Georges' earlier story, and then left them with a stern warning to behave themselves whilst she checked on proceedings.Harry spent a nervous few minutes twiddling his thumbs, watching as the colour in Ron's face slowly drained away to an off-white, and not only because the boy thought the entire school would hear his thoughts for a moment. He could easily comprehend what Ron was going through – the last male of the family, the expectations of all his brothers piled on his shoulders. If Ron didn't get into Gryffindor, then his life would be over.Unfortunately, Harry realised that he had a very similar dilemma.The hat had originally placed him in Gryffindor... but would it give him the same choice again? Perhaps his experiences and memories would change what the hat saw in him, and shout out a house like it did for Malfoy, not giving Harry a chance to argue against it. Sure, he would 'do well' in Slytherin – but if this really was the past, a change of house would change the time-line in so many ways that the person he was now wouldn't exist.Fortunately, Harry was spared from thinking about the complexities of paradoxes by the reappearance of McGonagall as she ordered them into line.'Come on, quickly now!' she barked, 'And you there, with the Toad, tuck your shirt in!' Without pausing to check that Neville had even heard her, she disappeared back into the Great Hall. The first years took a collective breath and followed.Harry swallowed heavily, caught Justin Finch-Fletchley's eye and fell into line behind Seamus and Millicent Bulstrode as they entered the Hall.His first view of the Great Hall was just as awe-inspiring as he remembered. The ceiling sparkled with charmed starlight, and the four tables seemed to twinkle with the reflections of the floating candles off polished golden plates and goblets. Somewhere behind him he heard Hermione telling some unlucky soul all about how it was bewitched sometime in the 12th century, but he tuned her out as he looked around at all the students.There were so many faces that he recognised that he almost stopped dead in his tracks. Young versions of Aurors that he'd command later on in life smiled as they chatted to each other, as well as yet-to-be-discovered Quidditch giants and pop stars. Harry even recognised a Hufflepuff girl who would end up working closely with Hermione in her drive for improved rights for magical creatures. Of course, interspaced here and there, the faces of the dead seemed to pop out at him, and Harry felt his resolve over not changing the timeline crumbling.Fortunately, this was not the time for that sort of thinking, and the Sorting Hat's song was a welcome repose from his thoughts. Harry smiled at the care-free nature of it. Towards the end of his Hogwarts career he'd come to dread the Sorting Hat's song, as its ever darker theme mirrored the world around them. It was nice to hear it without the overtones of doom.The Sorting started off exactly as planned, with Hannah and Susan running off to Hufflepuff, Justin joining them not much later. Harry watched with relief as Hermione was sent off to Gryffindor, the little niggling feeling that Ravenclaw would better suit her evaporating.Draco and Goyle joined Crabbe over on the Slytherin table, whilst the Patil twins were separated once again. Harry's heart went out to Parvati, who seemed to be taking the split a lot worse than her sister – something he'd missed in the excitement first time round. He was glad to see Lavender offering her some support.A girl named Sally-Anne Perks, who Harry honestly couldn't ever remember talking to, was up next and trotted off to Hufflepuff within a few seconds of being on the stool.And then it was Harry's turn.'Potter, Harry!' called Professor McGonagall.As before, whispers and pointing broke out amongst the students, but this time Harry also noticed Flitwick give a little yelp before falling off his seat sideways. Harry quickly made his way to the stool and shoved the Sorting Hat on, welcoming the darkened silence within.'Hmm... Interesting...' the familiar voice of the Hat said, 'Very interesting... Plenty of courage, talents abound, and a mind that-' the hat paused for a second, 'What's this? So much knowledge! And memories... You've already had your Sorting!'Harry ducked his head reflexively, 'Perhaps,' he mumbled, deciding not to lie, seeing as the hat could most likely read all of his memories. 'It was a long time ago.''You're correct, you could not lie to me, even if you tried.' the hat said, with a small chuckle at the thought, 'So... Mr Potter, it seems as if I've already decided your place here. I just hope you know what you're doing... GRYFFINDOR!'Harry sighed in relief as he took the hat off. That was the first hurdle, only a couple of hundred others left...He made his way over to the Gryffindor table, largely ignoring the stares coming his way, and sat next between Seamus and Lavender, both who were cheering loudly. Even Parvati had recovered enough to smile bewilderedly.Once Harry had shaken every one of the hands thrust at him, and the noise died down enough for McGonagall to continue (Rivers, Oliver – Ravenclaw), Harry took a look up at the head table. Dumbledore was smiling serenely down at the Sorting, the twinkle that had been missing in the later years of the war back in his eyes, whilst Professors Sprout and Flitwick were surveying their new students proudly. Eventually Harry's eyes came to rest on the duo of Professors Snape and Quirrell, and just like the first time, a sharp pain shot through his scar.'Ouch!'Harry's hand automatically went to his forehead. It had been many years since his scar had bothered him, and he was quite unprepared for the sensation. His eyes caught Snape's and the man sneered at him. Despite the respect that he had for the wizard, Harry couldn't help but respond in kind. He would never forget the sacrifice Snape had made, not only for Harry, but for the entire Wizarding world, but perhaps Harry had to accept that they were never going to get along. Percy, who was sitting opposite Harry, noticed Harry's sour expression.'That's Professor Snape,' the prefect said, nodding respectfully when Snape's eyes snapped to him, 'He can be quite biased toward his own house, Slytherin, but he knows his subject. If it wasn't for the fact that he doesn't want to be teaching Potions, he'd be the best teacher in the school.'Hermione, who was sitting next to Percy, snapped her head around. 'Why doesn't he want to teach Potions? It sounds fascinating!' This started off a conversation that Harry easily tuned out of. Instead, he concentrated on the Sorting, clapping loudly when Ron was sorted into Gryffindor.The Sorting soon ended, and Dumbledore gave his usual greetings and announcements, including the dire warning about the third floor corridor, before clapping his hands and starting the feast. Harry entered into a conversation with Lavender and Parvati about their families, but found his concentration wandering back to the top-table, and to the quivering purple turban attached to Quirrell's head.Quirrell himself was now deep in conversation with Professor Kettleburn, Hagrid's predecessor in the role of Care of Magical Creatures, and by the look of terror on Quirrell's face, the professor was trying to get as much information out of the man about vampires as he could.Harry shook his head. How easy it would be to simply kill Quirrell where he sat. He could feel the comforting feeling of his wand in his pocket, although pressed against the inside of his wrist Gryffindor's wand seemed warm to the touch – it was almost as if it could sense the kill. At the same time, how would it look if the famous Harry Potter, as his first point of business at Hogwarts, attacked the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor.And killed the bastard stone dead.No, he thought, in line with keeping the timeline constant, stopping Quirrell getting to the Stone would be the main priority of the year, but he couldn't do it too soon. Even if it would solve a lot of problems – he wasn't exactly looking forward to playing broomstick-rodeo at fifty feet – it could cause an instability in the timeline. At the same time, Harry doubted if he had enough magical potential at his age to cast anything powerful enough to kill, especially not the killing curse. His thoughts drifted back to the Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson that the fake Mad Eye Moody had once taught, who had informed them all that even fourth-years would struggle to use the killing curse as intended.Although Harry had no intentions of using the killing curse, he had done without it the first time around, discovering the limits of his magical power at this revised age would have to be one of the first things he tested, before he tried anything...stupid.The meal ended without further incident, if you didn't count the fact that Sir Nicholas managed to float through practically every first year at some point, and it was a drowsy Harry Potter that pretended to follow Percy up to Gryffindor tower.They were quickly shown around the common room, and Harry managed to give Hermione and Lavender a quick wave before they were ushered into their respective dorms. Once Percy had left the small room, Harry looked around nostalgically. His bed, which already had his trunk sitting in front of it, stood there in all its glory. Hedwig hooted softly at him from the window ledge.It took him more than a moment to realise that the owl had something tied to her leg.'What've you got there, girl?' he said kindly as Hedwig stuck her leg out obediently. Dean looked around at sound.'A letter, Potter?' he said with a smirk, 'Someone missing you already?'Harry ignored the boy as he sat on the edge of his bed. Even before he opened it he knew it was from Ginny. As he broke the wax seal, Harry had a quick look over his shoulder to check that Ron was busy unpacking, if you could call flinging clothes all over his part of the room 'unpacking'.Sighing, Harry turned back to the letter. The parchment was old and reused, which was either a sign of the Weasley family's relative poverty, or of the fact that Ginny had stolen it from somewhere and hadn't had time to be picky. If the parchment was scrappy, then the penmanship was elegant in comparison. Neat and flowing, it wasn't the untidy scrawl of a 10-year-old, but the practised hand of someone who wrote professionally. It was a problem. Anyone who saw this, even in passing, would note that it was an adult who was writing to Harry. It could easily invoke questions that Harry wasn't prepared to answer.It also highlighted a similar problem of Harry's. He'd have to find some way to correct his own handwriting, or he'd be caught out by the person sitting next to him in his very first class. He doubted that even Hermione's notoriously neat handwriting would compare to his own at this stage, given the 30 years extra practice that he'd had.With possible solutions swirling in his head, Harry turned back to the letter.H,Just a note to tell you we got home safely, and that I'm thinking of you. The Burrow's great, just like I remember it, but I'm trying not to look very hard. There are just too many memories here that I don't want to have to face all at once.I wanted to apologise for being angry with you. This isn't your fault, not really. I keep thinking about who sent you that wand, and why. Neither of us could have foreseen what's happened, and I'm sure we'll work something out soon.I miss you.GHarry sighed. He missed her too, and it was comforting to know that she didn't blame him, even if he hadn't quite forgiven himself yet. He considered replying immediately, but behind him the rest of his dorm-mates were chatting excitedly, and Harry decided taking the time to compose a letter now would most likely be noticed, and he didn't want them asking questions.Shoving the letter deep into his trunk, Harry sat on the end of his bed, feet up, and chatted instead with his dorm-mates as they had done that first night all those years ago.

Chapter 4: New BeginningsHarry's first week back at Hogwarts was possibly one of the most bizarre of his entire Hogwarts career. Seamus destroyed a cauldron, Lavender simultaneously set fire to both Pavarti and Dean, and Ron was missing an eyebrow for half of Wednesday. Harry himself had been sitting quietly in every lesson, trying not to draw attention to himself. Instead, he busied his mind by scrawling rough notes with his left hand.The idea of disguising his handwriting using his off-hand had come when McGonagall had started correcting wand grips in their very first lesson. Having told Justin Finch-Fletchley that he was holding his wand back-to-front, she had become annoyed with Sally-Anne Perks when she tried to take notes with one hand, and wave her wand with the other.'Can you write with your left hand?' McGonagall had asked rather sternly, to which Sally-Ann had ducked her head, 'Exactly! So what makes you think that you can Transfigure with your left hand either?'Harry had immediately vowed to do everything with his left hand. Sure, he might be a little clumsy for the first few weeks, maybe even months, but it would hardy make him stand out against the explosions that seemed to follow both Neville and Seamus around, or the high-pitched whistling that came from Ron's wand every other time he used it.Doing everything left handed did have its downsides, however. For the first day, he had trouble scribbling out his own name legibly, which had raised eyebrows with Snape of course, but by sticking to extremely abbreviated notes, and rough sketches, he'd managed to get away with it. Just. It wasn't like he needed the notes to be legible, he would hardly need to refer to them later on, given the simplicity of the magic being taught, but taking no notes was just as likely to get him noticed as anything else, so he really had little choice.Wandwork was a different matter, however, and Harry had been having great fun attempting even the simplest of tasks left handed. Harry had switched back to his original phoenix feather wand, and had stashed Gryffindor's at the bottom of his trunk the cleanest sock he could find, along with Ginny's letter. It wasn't a perfect solution, and he had vowed to look up a stasis charm as soon as he could, but it would do for now.Of course, that was if he could get any charm to actually work properly. So far, his left-handed Lumos had been a little underpowered, and his cheering charm caused more of a smirk, but he was more than happy with the lack of control, especially when Hermione appeared to perfect every charm before him.He reckoned that as long as she appeared to out-shine him in every lesson, nobody would guess that he could actually do all these most basic of spells non-verbally. He could even preform a small selection of the spells on the first year curriculum wandlessly, although he was forcibly reminded of his lack of power on his second night when he'd distractedly attempted to light all the oil lamps in the dorm with a wave of his hand as he entered. Ron had sniggered quite considerably.Of course, the only lesson where being forcibly left-handed didn't really work was Potions, where the potion wouldn't care if it was with your left or right hand you entered powdered newt tail. Not on the first year syllabus anyway. Instead, he simply contented himself by completely messing up his timings. The potions they were working on were so simple that it hardly mattered, but he was happy enough with his slightly cloudy ink-removal potion. Snape had sneered at it disdainfully, and Hermione had given him a frank ten minute lecture on exactly 'why' it hadn't cleared completely as it should have during their walk to their next class.Yes, he had most of the lessons sorted.Now he just had a quidditch team to get onto.'Don't look so nervous, Hermione.' said an excited Seamus as the Gryffindors all ate lunch together. 'Flying's great! You'll love it.'Harry doubted that very much, the girl had never really liked heights, and despite her husband's obsession with the sport, and her sister-in-law's professional career in it, she'd never got into quidditch either. As a result, she'd never become fully comfortably on a broom, swearing off the things after a fall during a family game in 2014.However, she didn't know that yet, so she was nervously going through a library copy of 'Quidditch Through the Ages', trying to pick up as many tips as she could about the art of flying before their first lesson. Harry absent-mindedly smiled at her efforts. He'd memorised the 2010 edition of that particular book, having helped Ginny write a new chapter for it, and he knew that there was nothing in there that would help her.'What about you, Harry?' Dean said, 'Looking forward to your first experience on a broomstick?'Harry smirked at his friend. 'Just try and keep me away.' he turned to Neville, who was looking as agitated as Hermione at the prospect of flying. 'Madame Hooch won't know what hit her, 'ey, Nev?'The chances of Neville's prowess on a broom blowing Madame Hooch away were similar to the chances that the Cannons would win the league that year, which were less than considerable seeing as Harry already knew all the results, but Neville cracked a small smile at Harry's encouragement.The group made their way to the Quidditch Pitch together, with those who had brooms at home entertaining the others with tales of their youth aloft. Currently, Ron was animatedly recalling his near-miss with a hang-glider to Lavender, Parvati and Dean, whilst Seamus lectured to Neville and Hermione on how easy it was to fly without the use of hands.'It's all in your hips, anyway!'Harry hung back, looking over the group of kids that would become part one of the closest Gryffindor year-groups in the school's history. Harry felt a small tug on his heartstrings to see them all laughing and being carefree with each other. Seven years on, and they would be totally different people – part of the generation that would rebuild the wizarding world after the reign of Tom Riddle. But, for now, they were children, innocent and happily ignorant of the dangers of the world.Harry's thoughts turned to his own children. Lily had gone through her first Hogwarts flying lesson just over a year ago, along with her cousin Hugo. It was a strange thought that in the real world, his youngest child was a year older than him. That meant, of course, that his two other children were significantly older than him. James would have definitely found that very amusing. At 17, he was almost fully a man now, and would be graduating Hogwarts at the end of the year.Harry toyed with the idea that perhaps his children were still out there, in the original timeline, living their lives ignorant of the fact that their parents had disappeared from the face of the planet. It wasn't a nice thought, knowing that they'd eventually find out they were missing and come to the logical conclusion that he and Ginny were dead, but Harry found it preferable to considering the notion that his children weren't alive somewhere. He'd almost put the idea to Ginny in a letter – but with much more time to herself to think, he worried that perhaps it wasn't the kindest thing to do.Shoving his hands into his pockets, Harry felt them brush up against the rough roll of parchment that was Ginny's latest letter. It had arrived that morning at breakfast, and although Ron speculated who it might have been sending letters to Harry, he hadn't even come close to guessing that it was his little sister.She was apparently enjoying life back at the Burrow. Molly was getting her to do everything without magic, which was driving her crazy, but Ginny claimed that there were up-sides to it. She hadn't been able to spend much one-on-one time with her mother since Lily had been born, busy with keeping James and Albus from killing each other, as well as the responsibilities of caring for a newborn. Molly had helped her only daughter, naturally, but it had been years since the pair had been given enough time to spend with just each other.Harry hoped that being around her mother was helping Ginny cope.'Come on, Harry!' Dean shouted over his shoulder, having noticed Harry lagging behind.Harry smiled and trotted up to his friends. After all, how many people got a chance to re-live their childhood? He tried not to think about what would come later.When the group finally reached the quidditch pitch, they found that the Slytherins were ready and waiting for them. They were crowded around Draco, laughing at something he was saying, but their attention soon turned to the approaching Gryffindors as Draco spotted them.'Well, well,' he said, crossing his arms on his chest, 'If it isn't the Gryffindorks.' He laughed at his own joke, and the Slytherins around him joined in.'Rather that, than a slimy Slytherin.' Dean quipped, causing the Gryffindors to smile and Draco to glower.'That's quite enough of that.' Madame Hooch said sternly as she walked onto the pitch, followed by the forms of Crabbe and Goyle who were carrying a mass of school brooms in their abnormally large arms. 'We are here to learn how to operate a broom safely, not practice our quidditch insults. Now, everyone grab a broom and form a line facing me.'The two groups descended on the pile of broomsticks, and after a few dirty elbows and kicks, a line formed up on the grass, although there was a noticeable gap between the last Gryffindor and the first Slytherin. If Madame Hooch noticed, she didn't call attention to it.Without ado, she went straight into teaching them to 'call' their brooms into their hands. Harry's jumped into his hand even before he'd called out the word, but attempted to disguise it by shouting 'UP!' anyway. Ron, who was standing beside him, seemed impressed. Much to Draco's enjoyment, Hermione had particular trouble with her broom. However, that was nothing compared to Crabbe, who's broom completely missed his hand and smacked him in the face instead, making Dean and Seamus laugh for the next five minutes.After Madame Hooch checked their grips, correcting an increasingly annoyed Draco more than once, she stood back and looked over the entire group once again.'Right, now that we all know where to put our hands, let's try hovering in place.' she mounted her own broom and used it a prop. 'I want you to take a firm grip, and pull up on the handle gently. Then, once you're off the ground, push it back to the horizontal and hover in position.' She narrowed her eyes at Draco, who wasn't listening. 'Everyone got that?'On Harry's other side, Neville was looking even more nervous than usual. Harry debated with himself whether to help his friend out or not. As harsh as it sounded, he needed Neville to mess up this exercise if he ever wanted to get onto the Quidditch team this year.The problem was, the boy looked petrified, and try as he might, Harry couldn't help but at least offer some assistance.He was taking a gamble. If Neville failed to fall from his broom it would change the timeline, but not by much. He could always arrange to 'accidentally' fly by McGonagall's office if needs be.'Relax, Neville.' he said, reaching over and altering the boy's iron-cast grip on the broom's handle. 'Remember, you're the one in control, not the broom. Don't let it drive you, and you'll be fine.' Harry found himself having a vague sense of deja vu, having said the very same thing to his nephew Hugo during the summer, the boy having inherited his mother's fear of flying.Neville nodded and smiled briefly, but was distracted back to the magical sports Professor as she spoke again.'Okay everyone.' said Madame Hooch, 'In your own time, lean back...'Harry grabbed hold of the old school broomstick and expertly urged it to rise a few feet. It did so, and although Harry had to correct for a slight drift to the right, the broom was steady beneath him. Ron rose beside him a second later, apparently less stable on the old brooms than Harry, but he managed to hold it well enough.'Easy.' he said happily, even though he was leaning quite severely to his left. Harry smiled and shook his head at his friend's antics.Neville, on the other hand, was still having trouble. Harry noticed his face had turned white, and although he'd managed to get the broom to rise off the ground, it was also sliding forward out of the formation. Harry quickly glided his broom over to Neville and used his own hand to guide it back into line before it came too obvious. He saw Madame Hooch giving him an appraising look, although she didn't comment.Once Neville was steady, although not entirely happy, Harry allowed himself to look down the line of students. Hermione was looking very unstable on her own broom, sandwiched between Seamus and Parvati (who had both done it before), whilst Pansy Parkinson seemed to be having similar problems. Draco, Harry was dismayed although not surprised to see, was sitting smugly back on his broom, not even bothering to hold on with both hands.'Good.' commented Madame Hooch, although she was keeping a sharp eye on the two girls. 'I think we'll start with some control exercises.'A few minutes later, and Harry found himself in a convoy of unsteady first years as they followed Madame Hooch around on their second lap of the pitch. They were only about a meter above the ground, but that seemed more than enough height to induce control problems for some of the more nervous students. In front of him, Ron was quite happily weaving from side to side in slight boredom, although further up the line Hermione was having more trouble, sharply dropping altitude every so often.Harry craned his head around to check on Neville, who was flying unsteadily behind him, flashing the boy an encouraging smile. Neville's hands had retained their death grip on the broom, but seemed to be doing well enough considering his previous form. Harry's attention was brought rudely back to the front, however, when a loud scream erupted from that part of the line.Having immediately assumed that it had been Hermione's scream, Harry was quite relieved to see Pansy Parkinson lying on the grass, clutching her wrist as her broom softly floated to the ground a few meters away. Madame Hooch immediately ordered the convoy to the grass as she sped over to the downed student.Harry was one of the first on the deck, beaten only by Hermione, who had been halfway there already. He watched in interest at the emotions that flickered across the girl's face, the first being relief at being back on the ground, then annoyance at herself for 'failing' to do something perfectly, eventually settling on determination as she watched Ron confidently come back to earth with only the slightest of bumps.'I'm afraid it may be broken,' said Madame Hooch as she inspected Pansy's wrist. She looked up at the rest of the class. 'I'm going to take her to the hospital wing, and I expect no funny business while I'm gone.' she said warningly, looking at Draco Malfoy in particular, who didn't seem the slightest bit concerned for his classmate and future one-time lover.As she walked away with a crying Pansy, Harry was distracted by a tug on his sleeve, and turned to find Neville standing beside him looking bashful.'You okay, Nev?' Harry said.Neville looked at his shoes, 'Er...I just wanted to say, you know, thanks. For the whole flying thing.' he said, 'If you hadn't stopped me from drifting off, it might have been me with a broken wrist...'Harry smiled nervously, theories flying around his head to do with fate and fixed events in time. He filed it away for further thought later, when he didn't have to hold conversations with friends the same approximate age as his daughter. 'Don't mention it.' he said, 'You've just got to remember not to panic. The more you relax, the easier most things are, I find.''Wise words, Potter.' spat Malfoy. Harry spun around to see the boy looking quite pleased with himself. Harry's eyes narrowed as he spotted the clear glass ball that the Slytherin was throwing about between his hands. 'Care to test them?''Test 'words', Malfoy?' Seamus said, giving the boy a funny look, 'How exactly is he meant to do that?'Malfoy smirked and held up the glass ball.'Hey! That's mine!' Neville cried. He started towards Draco to reclaim his property, but Goyle appeared out of nowhere to block his path, a feat that surprised everybody. Nevertheless, the sight of a boy almost three times his girth caused Neville to quickly change his mind about sticking up for himself.'Give it back, Malfoy.' Harry said in a voice he usually reserved for when James did something especially stupid. It drew a few glances, but he ignored them, as did Draco.'You want it? Come get it.' And with that, he promptly mounted his broom and took off towards the other end of the Quidditch pitch. Neville turned to retrieve his broom from the floor, but Harry was already in the air.Despite the situation, Harry still felt the rush of adrenalin that flooded his system as he flew through the air towards the retreating Malfoy. It was as if it were the very first time he'd been properly let loose on a broom all over again. Harry supposed that, technically, it was.'I don't know what you're trying to prove here, Draco.' Harry said as he pulled up next to where Malfoy had come to a stop, right in front of one of the centre hoops.Malfoy smirked. 'I'm not trying to prove anything, Potter.' he said, sitting back on his broom and tossing the rememberall between his hands, 'I just thought we should have a little chat, away from that rabble.'Harry narrowed his eyes. 'If this is an attempt to win me over with clever words, Draco, stealing from and then insulting my friends isn't a good start.''Oh, please.' Draco scoffed, 'Do you really think I care about hurting the feelings of a bunch of Gryffindorks?''I must say, concern for the sensitivities of others has never stopped you before.' Harry said before he could stop himself. Draco paused to give him an appraising look. Since the train, Draco hadn't had much contact with him, so the comment must have sounded a little odd. The language, too, had been more 'grown up' than Harry had intended. He felt like kicking himself.'I didn't know Gryffindors had the mental capacity to string that many words together in one sentence.' he sneered, 'Are you sure the sorting hat put you in the right house?'Harry tried to coach his face into something resembling neutral, but wasn't entirely sure he'd pulled it off. He had to end this conversation, before he gave Draco any more reason to suspect him of anything, or he succumbed to the increasing desire to knock the annoying boy off his broom for being a smug git.'What is it that you want, Malfoy?' he asked coolly.'I was going to offer you one last chance to ally yourself with me. You might be new to this world, but there are forces at work behind the scenes. Forces that you don't want to be on the wrong side of.''Is that a threat?'Malfoy took the time to smile. 'Take it as you will. I need a decision.'Harry smiled right back, deciding to allow his 11-year-old self to guide his response for once. 'Eat dragon dung, Malfoy.'Draco narrowed his eyes dangerously, 'On your head be-it.'Suddenly, his body twisted and he launched the rememberall into the air, flinging it back down the pitch.Harry allowed himself a good second to sneer at the boy, before turning tail and shooting off after the fragile glass object. At first the small ball was nowhere in sight, but within moments Harry's long dormant seeker's instinct kicked in and he spotted it, plummeting towards the base of one of the northern stands. Harry flattened himself on the broom, cursing its slowness under his breath, before swooping in at the last second to snatch it out of the air.From somewhere distant, he heard a scream, but he ignored it as he felt the rush of his first capture all over again.The feeling was cut short by a harsh shout from the castle.'Potter! Get yourself over here! NOW!' screeched Professor Hooch.Well, bollocks.'… I'm so glad to hear that you made the team again! That's great! And I'm glad N didn't have to break his wrist. He never really took to flying, and I always wondered if that might have been why.Also, I wonder if we should even be keeping these letters? Too much evidence. I might burn mine the first chance I get. You should too.G'Harry nodded in agreement as he read Ginny's latest letter. She'd adopted the same left-hand writing style as him, and that made it quite hard to decipher in places, but it disguised her usually pristine handwriting immensely well. She was right, of course, about how incriminating the letters were, and Harry stuffed the parchment in his pocket, vowing to burn it later, along with the others. Doing so in the Great Hall, in the middle of breakfast, might draw a little too much attention.He'd written to her the night before, telling her of the roller-coaster ride he'd had. Hooch had almost skinned him alive there and then, but once she'd gotten over the fact that (as far as she was concerned) he had almost died, she'd started mumbling about how incredible the stunt was. He hadn't gotten off scot-free, he'd been given detention with Professor McGonagall, but in the process of informing his Head of House, Madam Hooch had let it slip that he'd preformed a perfect 'Dyachenko Dive' to catch the plummeting glass ball, surviving without a scratch. Harry thought that might have been a slight embellishment of the truth, he wasn't even sure the school brooms could pull off the highly dangerous manoeuvre, but didn't argue.McGonagall had offered Harry the position on the spot, running off to 'borrow' Wood within minutes, and she'd also turned the detention into a period where Wood could teach Harry the rules of the game.Harry couldn't have planned it better.The next day had dawned to another landmark point of Harry's first year – the story about the break in at Gringotts Bank. Harry had read the article, interested to a point, but decided to not encourage speculation or mention the fact that he and Hagrid had even been in Vault 713 a couple of days before. This time, he decided, he could do without almost having his head bitten off by a rabid three headed dog, even if it was called 'Fluffy'.No. If needs be, he could break in and steal the bloody stone himself. He didn't need to put his friends in danger a second time for nothing.He hoped he wouldn't live to regret changing the timeline in this way.Harry tried to pass back the copy of the Prophet that he had borrowed from Ron, but the boy refused it.'Keep it. I don't know why Mum even sends them on. She knows I don't read them.' he said, baked beans flying off his knife in every direction as he waved the paper away. Two landed on Harry's plate, and he screwed up his nose looking towards Hermione for support. Sitting a few places down, just enough to give herself a sense of disassociation from the boys, she didn't even look up at him. Harry's face fell.He'd forgotten, and not for the first time, that they hadn't made friends yet. She hadn't come down with them that morning, she just happened to be in the Great Hall when they arrived, and Harry had unconsciously sat next to her. She must have slid down the bench when he wasn't looking.He would have to make getting to know her a priority, hopefully before the Troll incident occurred.'How're you finding the classes, Hermione?' he asked, pitching a question that he knew she'd be willing to answer. Ron looked up from his plate to give Harry a surprised look, and even Hermione herself looked a little shocked that he'd started a conversation with her.'I...er...'Ron scoffed into his food. 'Quick! Someone get a camera! Granger doesn't know the answer to something... Ow! Harry!'Harry grinned at Hermione and pretended not to notice Ron's comment, or the kick he'd given the boy under the table. 'Don't mind him, he gets cranky unless his stomach is full.'Hermione, for her part, completely ignored Harry and instead threw Ron a dirty look before going back to picking at her food. Harry noticed she had a large library book open beside her plate and tried again.'I'm impressed, that's Third Year material, isn't it?' he asked. 'Written in archaic language too, if I remember correctly.'Hermione's interest was peaked, 'You know this book?' she said, obviously surprised. 'Madam Pince said that the book had never been loaned to a first year before.'Harry thought fast. 'Er, not exactly. I overheard Lee Jordan was complaining about the book the other day. Apparently he misread the instructions of an incantation. He was trying to charm a quill to take notes for him in class, but it went a bit haywire. It ended up scribbling notes up his neck before Flitwick came to his rescue.'Ron snorted into his food again, and Harry was encouraged to see Hermione's lips twitch in amusement before she turned her nose up.'Serves him right for breaking the rules.' She said. Then her head went straight back into the book.Harry sighed and Ron rolled his eyes. Perhaps this was going to be harder than he'd originally thought.It was more than a month into classes before Harry managed to sneak himself away to the Room of Requirement to practice magic in. Before then, he simply hadn't found the time to get away by himself without raising suspicion from Ron, but early on a Saturday, when Ron didn't bother getting up before eleven in the morning, Harry had managed to escape. Even Neville, who was usually up reasonably early, had been in bed when Harry had snuck out at six.Harry had become increasingly concerned about how much power his eleven-year-old body could deliver in the past week. In lessons he hadn't had a problem, after all, he was only being asked to preform first year spells – spells that first years were expected to be able to preform – but if he was going to try and forge ahead with his plan to tackle Quirrell on his own, he'd need to know his limitations. He needed to test how well his body could handle more advanced spells.To aid in that endeavour Harry had set up a small shooting gallery in the Room of Requirement, something he'd done regularly with Dumbledore's Army. Having read up on magical exhaustion, and not wanting to have to go in to see Madame Pomfrey complaining of the usual side effects of migraines, blurred vision and mild narcolepsy, he'd decided to start off small, testing his endurance with simple spells before moving on.However, firing off large numbers of cheering charms in succession was quite boring, and he found his mind slipping to Quirrell.In class the professor seemed just as nervous and far from suspicion as Harry remembered, but it still took a large amount of self control to stop himself from hexing the turban off the professor's head, revealing Riddle for all to see.Somehow he'd resisted the urge, telling himself that it would change the time-line too drastically. If it turned out that he really did have the opportunity of doing everything over again, his main advantage over Riddle was that he knew the sequence of events that were to come. As long as he didn't change too many things, he'd be able to predict what the Riddle would do next, and to throw that all away at the start by uncovering Quirrell's true allegiance before time was a risk he simply wasn't willing to take.Instead, as Harry switched to the slightly more powerful leg-locker curse, he pondered over how he was going to go about dealing with the rogue Professor. One thing was clear; he had to be stopped. Voldemort couldn't get his hands on the Philosopher's Stone, no matter the cost. However, did that mean that Harry had to break into the vault just like he'd done before?Sure, as he knew what was coming, Harry was confident that he could overcome the various tests, especially if he allowed Quirrell to take out the troll as he had before, but there was inherent risk with letting Quirrell into the mirror room. What if Harry couldn't stop Quirrell from getting his hands on the Stone this time? All it would take was a stray stunner at the wrong time, and the time-line would change drastically, and not for the better either.Perhaps he could get down there and steal the Stone before Quirrell did? That would involve less risk, especially if he could confound the mirror into thinking it still had the Stone. However, Dumbledore was sure to have placed other protections on the mirror to inform him if anyone tampered with it. It wasn't too much of a stretch to assume that Dumbledore would have some way of identifying the person who took the Stone. Compared to the magic of entering the Stone into the mirror, a tracking charm would be simple. Plus, Harry wasn't convinced he had enough power to cast a confounding charm.Happy with the leg-locker curse, Harry went up to the disarming charm, one of his favourites.No, that was too risky too. He couldn't reveal himself to Dumbledore. The man had so much influence in the wizarding world that it would be potentially catastrophic for him to learn of future events. The old coot would probably try and stop them from happening at any cost.Then again, a smart man like Dumbledore would probably see the value in being able to predict future events...No. Even with the best intentions, Dumbledore wouldn't be able to resist saving a life where he could. In a way, Dumbledore was just as dangerous to the timeline as Harry himself was, except that Harry could control himself in a way that was impossible to do with Dumbledore. He hoped, anyway.The target popped itself back onto the stand after a fifth successful hit. Harry decided to try out a stunner. The target wobbled.Talking of saving lives... What about Quirrell's? In the original timeline, Harry had killed the man. Or had Quirrell killed himself by following Voldemort's orders? Harry found it hard to feel guilty either way, considering the events that had transpired. Would he need to kill again this time? Harry paused in his firing as he realised that there was only one answer to that.Quirrell would have to die. To keep the timeline the same, the man could not be allowed to live. If he were discovered and somehow forcibly removed from Voldemort's shade, the man would be put in Azkaban, unless he managed to successfully plead that he'd been under the Imperio curse...Harry fired off a reducto curse, and the manikin cracked, but didn't fall apart. He tried again, with similar results.Either way, an imprisoned Quirrell would become free again when the breakout of Azkaban occurred. Another follower of Riddle that Harry would have to deal with.But what if Quirrell really was under some kind of spell? Obviously, he had Voldemort's consciousness living inside his head, and that had to have some sort of effect on the mind. What if he turned out to be a powerful ally for the light once Voldemort had been ousted? A man who had been inside the mind of Tom Riddle... Not unlike himself.Harry paused in firing. Ten destructive curses and the manikin still stood. Obviously he had reached his limit. He paused, considering, then shouted: 'Expecto Patronum!' A thin silver mist slithered out the end of his wand and faded in the non-existent wind.'Disappointing.' Harry said to himself, 'Although, perhaps not surprising.' It was an advanced spell that Professor Lupin had been impressed Harry had been able to preform in his third year, let alone the first.Thrusting his hand into a back pocket, Harry pulled out a second wand.Pale in colour, and a little thinner and longer than modern wands, Gryffindor's wand felt almost warm in the hand. Harry stared down at it, marvelling not for the first time at the intricate carving around the handle, and the power that seemed to radiate from it. Even if Harry hadn't been in awe at its provenance, he would have admired the craftsmanship that had created it.Now that he had it in his hand, it seemed less fragile that he had originally estimated. Whilst there were undoubtedly small cracks and splits along the length of the wand, it felt solid against his palm, and in the tentative testing that Harry had done, it resisted both bending and twisting. It felt no more fragile than his own holly wand.Taking aim at the dummy, Harry gave it a flick.'Stupify!' he cried.He had expected the manakin to perhaps rock a little, like it had done when he had attempted the spell with his normal wand, but instead there was a loud crack and the target caught fire.'Aguamenti!' he flicked the wand again, attempting to put the fire out with a stream of water, but there was another loud crack and, if anything, the fire intensified.Harry sighed. Perhaps the wand just wasn't attuned to him. If Ollivander had taught him anything about wandlore, it was that the wand had to choose the wizard. After all, just because he was able to pull Gryffindor's Sword from the Sorting Hat didn't mean that Gyrffindor's wand would automatically work for him.Slightly annoyed, he put the wand away. Maybe Ginny would have more luck with it.Coming to a decision, Harry expression hardened. The risk was too great. Quirrell was a danger to the wizarding world as well as the timeline. He may have been a good man before Riddle had gotten to him, but there was too much at stake.Professor Quirinus Quirrell, newly appointed Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, would have to die.By Harry Potter's eleven-year-old hand.

Chapter 5 – Into the ForestHarry's new broom arrived in spectacular fashion later that week by knocking a full glass of pumpkin juice into Dean Thomas's lap, effectively announcing to the school that Gryffindor had a new player. The entire team, along with what felt like half the school, crowded around as Harry ripped open the packaging to reveal the polished mahogany and gold inlay of a Nimbus 2000 racing broom.With a grateful look up at the head table, where Professor McGonagall was watching on with a knowing half smile, Harry snatched the broom up and dashed outside to try it out before classes.He was airborne almost before he had cleared the great oak doors that guarded Hogwarts's main entrance, leaving the twenty or so students that had followed him to watch from the courtyard.It was incredible, like being free. Having such a light frame on such a powerful broom allowed Harry to experience acceleration the likes of which even his Firebolt hadn't achieved. Plus, Harry had always deeply regretted the fact that his first broom had ended up in little bits, smashed during a quidditch game by a violent sentient tree. Despite the fact that the broom had been useless after that point, he had loved his old broom so much that he had kept the pieces.And now he had his first broom back, and it felt even better than he remembered.He returned to the courtyard and onlookers, his cheeks rosy and eyes bright from the experience. On touching down he was immediately inundated with requests and even demands for others to have a go, the loudest of which came from Ron, but which was quickly stalled by the ringing of the school bell, signalling a warning of impending classes. A groan arose from the crowd as they all turned back towards their own common rooms, although some lagged behind in order to get a better look at the broom up close. Ron followed closest of all, along with Fred and George, and Harry quietly promised them all a go later on, perhaps during lunch.Satisfied, the Weasley brothers formed a guard of honour around Harry as they made their way back to Gryffindor Tower to collect their school supplies, fending off a number of overeager students coming the other way.Harry found pretending to concentrate on the subject matter difficult that day, as his mind kept drifting between the lofty heights of the quidditch pitch and the darkness of what had to be done to Quirrell. And that would have been fine, considering the utter lack of challenge in the first-year curriculum, except that the second class of the day was double Potions.'Recite steps three through five for me, Potter.' the smooth voice of Snape said from over Harry's shoulder. Harry blinked, realising he'd let his thoughts wander off once more.'Er...' Harry quickly checked the board, despite knowing how to brew the potion in his sleep, ''Stir in a clockwise motion for thirty seconds. Add three grams of ground beetle eyes. Leave to simmer for a further three minutes before allowing to cool.'''Well done, Potter. At least we know you can read.' Snape sneered. 'Now do you want to tell me why your potion is a rusty brown colour, instead of the clear blue that it should be?'Harry felt like kicking himself. 'Because I forgot to add the beetle eyes, Sir.' he ground out between clenched teeth.Despite the fact that he couldn't see Snape's face, Harry knew there was a satisfied smile threatening to play on the man's lips. 'Correct. Five points from Gryffindor for not following instructions, and that's a zero for the day.' he said, vanishing Harry's failed potion with a flick of his wand. 'In the remainder of the class, I want you to write me an essay on why the addition of beetle eyes is vital to the Wide-Awake Solution. I want it on my desk by the end of the day or you'll finish it in detention.'Snape swept away down the classroom to hassle Lavender and Pavarti, his cloak billowing out behind him. Harry made a face at the man's back as he packed away his potions ingredients and equipment, stuffing them roughly into his bag and pulling out a fresh roll of parchment. It was an easy enough essay, it probably wouldn't take the rest of the lesson, but Harry still seethed slightly at the injustice. If he'd been allowed to add the beetle eyes now, he could still have salvaged a workable potion, although perhaps only one eye would have been 'wide awake' after drinking it. He'd never admit it out loud, but Snape had taught him 'something' about potion making over the years.'Greasy Git.' Ron muttered under his breath, making Harry smile. 'Don't know why he's picking on you so much. Mine's just as bad.'Harry had to agree. He waved his hand covertly in the direction of Ron's cauldron, causing the mixing spoon to add a counter-clockwise stir. Almost instantaneously, the solution's colour went slightly more towards the blue end of the spectrum.'It does seem a little unfair.' Hermione said suddenly. Both Ron and Harry looked up in surprise. Hermione never spoke in class except to answer questions, and never spoke ill of her Professors. 'I mean, I can see from here that Goyle's potion looks more like tar than a liquid.'Harry shrugged. 'Don't worry about it,' he said, making a start on his essay, 'Snape just has a problem with me in particular. I'm used to it.''How can you be 'used to it'?' Ron asked as he extinguished the flame under his cauldron in preparation for the first cool-down phase. His wand let out a piercing whistle as he flicked it, but they had stopped being concerned about that particular quirk by that point. 'We've only been here a month!'The three students all ducked their heads when Ron's voice, raised so he could speak over the whistle of his wand, attracted Snape's gaze. He glared at them, but went back to pestering Lavender. Harry busied himself with writing his essay for a few minutes before answering Ron.'Thanks for your concern, guys, but really, it's fine.' he quickly reached out and grabbed Hermione's hand, just as she was about to drop the last ingredient into her cauldron. She was so far ahead of everyone else that she had already completed the first cool-down phase and was halfway through the second. 'Don't add that yet. If you wait for the bubbles to subside first, you'll get a smoother mixture.'Hermione froze mid-action, her hand hanging over her cauldron for a few seconds before sprinkling the ground reindeer antler over the now-still surface of the potion. The mixture immediately cleared, the powder dissolving down to nothing. A perfect result.She beamed at him, whilst Ron gaped.'How did you do that?' Ron gasped, once he'd regained the use of speech. He looked into his own potion, which was still decidedly off-colour. 'Actually, I don't care how you did it, just do the same for me.'Harry peered into Ron's cauldron, 'Sorry, Mate. I doubt that the Headmaster himself could save that.''Aww, come on!' Ron said, prodding the potion with his wand. 'There's got to be something you can add to fix this.'Harry sighed, looking around for Snape. The professor was on the other side of the classroom, growling at Neville. He'd be distracted for at least another minute.'Wait here,' he said to Ron, 'and for Merlin's sake, don't add anything else.''Wait here? What...' But Harry was already halfway across the classroom, neck deep in the ingredients cupboard. Within moments he was back, grasping a handful of leaves. He threw them onto Ron's chopping board.'Dice those, three should do.' he whispered, quickly going back to his essay as Snape finally finished terrorising Neville, scanning the classroom for the next victim, 'Turn the heat back on for a few seconds as you add them.'Ron gave him a funny look, but did as he was told. Hermione paused in writing her own notes to look over at what he was doing.'That's not part of the instructions!' she hissed, 'You don't know what adding those might do, Ron. It might explode!''It's not going to explode, Hermione. Calm down.' Harry whispered back, glancing around to see if Snape had noticed her outburst. He hadn't. 'They're withersnap leaves.' he explained, 'Ron left his potion heating for too long. The withersnap will help to cool it back down for the next step. It won't be perfect, but it'll be miles better than it is now.'Hermione stared at him for a moment or two, dumbfounded, before she was distracted by Ron as he put the leaves into his cauldron.'Three anticlockwise stirs,' Harry mumbled out the side of his mouth as Snape swung his gaze in their general direction. Ron nodded and did as he was told. Almost immediately the surface of the potion, which had almost been boiling rather than the gentle simmer required, calmed. It retained the muddy colour, but hopefully if Ron followed the rest of the instructions properly it would turn out acceptably. It wasn't perfect, but at least Snape couldn't fail both of them now.'How did you know?' Hermione demanded, once Snape had swept past their table. She flicked through her textbook furiously. 'I've read this thing three times over, and I've never even heard of the withersnap leaf, let alone its properties!'Harry shrugged, 'I was looking through one of Percy's Potions textbook yesterday. I guess it must have just sunk in a little easier than I thought.'Hermione narrowed her eyes at him. 'You can't just go trying out ingredients because you glanced at a textbook once!' she hissed, 'What if you read it wrong? What if withersnap reacted dangerously with one of the other ingredients? It could have exploded!''Well, that's fresh, coming from the girl that brewed Poly...'In retrospect, Harry knew he shouldn't have snapped back. She was, after all, just worried about Harry blowing himself up, and if he had seen his own children doing something as stupid as adding extra ingredients to a potion he would have been saying the exact same thing. As it was, he found himself feeling quite hard done by, seeing as all he had been trying to do was help his friend. Also in retrospect, he knew that if he'd been able to finish that sentence, he would have been opening a rather large can of worms that he wasn't quite ready to answer for just yet.Harry had never been more grateful for Snape's timing.'That's quite enough, Potter.' the Potions Master had said, cutting through Harry's rebuttal with a wave of his hand. 'Detention, all three of you.'Ron was outraged, whilst Hermione looked shocked. Harry, realising with horror what he had been about to say, felt sick.'But, sir!' Ron wined. Snape shut him up with a sharp look.'Don't talk back, Weasley, or I'll make it two detentions.' Ron turned a strange shade of red, but sat back on his stool. Snape turned his gaze on Harry.'If I ever catch you using ingredients in a potion that aren't listed in the recipe, I'll see you're expelled, Potter!' he spat. 'Until you are better trained, if that's even at all possible, you have no idea how ingredients will react with one another. Even a mediocre mind like Miss Granger's managed to work that out, although she neglected to mention that you could have taken half the school with you! Such arrogance and stupidity could only come from you, Potter, although I'm not surprised Weasley went along with it; he needs all the friends he can get.'Snape flicked his wand and the potions in both Ron and Hermione's cauldrons disappeared. 'Clean the bench up, you're done.'He whipped about, his cloak flowing around him imperiously as he stalked off towards his desk. Hermione, however, wasn't finished.'But, Professor Snape!' she called, glancing disbelievingly between her empty cauldron and the Potions Professor, 'Why have I got detention?''Five points from Gryffindor for talking back.' Snape said, not even looking back at the distraught girl, 'And you have detention because you did not stop Potter and Weasley from potentially destroying the school with their stupidity. Now sit down and shut up, or Mr Filch is going to have a lot of help with chores this month.'Hermione fell silent and stared disbelievingly at her empty cauldron once again as the boys cleared the table up around her.'That's so unfair...' she said in an extremely quiet voice to herself.Harry leant his head close, fixing a glare at Snape as he sat behind his desk, looking pleased with himself. 'Welcome to my life.'Their detention took place a couple of evenings later. An unimpressed Professor McGonagall had delivered notes to each of them, with the curt instruction to dress warmly. As to it was that the three students, wrapped tightly in their cloaks against the evening air, found themselves being led down to Hagrid's hut. Filch, who was regaling them with tales of punishments of old, was in high-spirits, although the mood amongst the three students was much more subdued. Winter was arriving early that year and although it wasn't even Halloween yet, the lawns were regularly being frosted over each morning. Harry supposed that it was something to do with Hogwarts being in Scotland, but he knew better than to assume the school's location was the only reason, especially when Riddle was running around in the same castle.As the small group made its way over the last rise, Hagrid's hut came into view. Harry caught sight of the half giant waiting for them outside, crossbow-in-hand and Fang lying docilely at his feet. Hagrid waved in greeting, and Harry and Ron waved back, having visited him a few times in the past week.'Evenin', Argus.' Hagrid said, nodding to the caretaker as soon as they were in hearing range. 'I'll take 'em from here.'Filch looked disappointed. Apparently he'd wanted to see the terror in the eyes of his victims when they were told where they were going, but he contented himself with a final sneer at the trio before starting the walk back to the castle.Ron sighed in relief. 'If I'd had to hear one more story that involved hanging students by their ankles, I think I might have throttled him with his own tie.' Harry snorted, but Hermione looked shocked. Once again, Harry was struck with how much she'd changed in the years that he'd known her. His smile quickly disappeared at the thought. He missed his friend.'Righ' you lot.' Hagrid said, breaking into Harry's thoughts. 'I dunno what yeh' did teh get yer'selves in'ter this mess, but we've a job teh do s'evening, an' it involves goin' in'ter the forest.'That got Ron's attention. 'The forest?' he said, a note of panic in his voice, 'The Forbidden Forest? We can't go in there! There's werewolves and... stuff!'A small smile returned to Harry's lips. He had a sneaking suspicion that the 'stuff' Ron was weary of meeting were generally of the hairy, eight-legged variety. Harry refrained from informing his friend on just how much 'stuff' there really was in there to find.'Don' worry yer'self, Ron. Nothin's gunna attack yeh with me an' Fang around.'A rustling in the brush close to Hagrid's cabin caught the attention of the great dog, who put his head between his paws and made a whining sound. Ron's face showed that he was less than impressed.'Yeh, well ee's always been a bit of a coward...' Hagrid mumbled to nobody in particular.Nevertheless, the small group made their way into the forest with Hagrid and Fang leading. The trail they were following was wide enough for the three students to walk abreast at first, but within a few minutes the trees and shrubs became much more dense and they were forced to walk in single file. After a further five minutes the light from Hagrid's lamp was lost so readily in the brush of the forest that Harry was the first to take out his wand and cast the Lumos charm, closely followed by Hermione. Ron, who hadn't managed to master the Lumos charm quite yet, contented himself with brandishing his wand at anything that moved within the wandlight of his two housemates.It felt like hours, although it was probably only minutes, before Hagrid came to a stop in a small clearing. The three students stood around him, looking about wearily. Starlight streamed through the gaps in the branches here, enough that they could just make out the other side of the clearing before the light was lost again.'What is it, Hagrid?' Hermione asked, holding her wand high to get a clearer view of the area.Hagrid grunted and walked forward a couple of paces before stooping to inspect something on the forest floor. The students gathered around, curious.It appeared to be a pool of liquid silver, much like mercury, although even in the dim light of their wands they could see it was much more that that. It shone with an inner light and although neither Ron or Hermione knew what it was, they still looked upon it as if it were some religious relic.'What is it, Hagrid?' Hermione repeated.'Unicorn blood.' The half-giant said after a moment. He dipped his fingertips into the substance and smelt it. 'Fresh. The poor creature mus' be 'round 'ere somewhere. We should split up an' look fur it.'Hermione was aghast. 'But, Hagrid! Unicorn blood? What's going on?'''Ter be honest, I was hopin' not ter have ter tell yeh anythin' much.' he sighed and scratched his scraggly beard, 'But now we've found the blood. Alrigh', I suppose yeh best know tha' this ain't the firs' unicorn I've found hurt. Been findin' 'em all over the forest the past month. Sommit's attackin' 'em, and it's managed to kill a good few of 'em too.''But, killing unicorns is-''An act of pure evil.' Harry finished Hermione's sentence. 'Only a truly evil person, or perhaps an extremely desperate one, would ever even attempt to harm a unicorn.''Person?' Ron said, speaking for the first time since entering the forest. 'Who said anything about a person?'Hagrid shook his head. ''Arry's right, Ron. Even the beasts in the forest 'av sense enough not ter attack a unicorn. I've been 'ere fifty years, an' I never seen one hurt before now. Only explanation is that whatever's attakin' 'em, it's not somethin' usually found in the forest.''Like a wizard.' Harry said darkly, peering into the shadow beyond their little clearing. He knew exactly which wizard too, and although he'd hoped to miss this little meeting second time around.'Righ', we gotta find this unicorn quick, before it's attacked again. You three go tergether an' follow that trail there.' Hagrid pointed to a small break in the brush that hardly looked like a pathway to Harry, but he wasn't about to argue with Hagrid's knowledge of the forest trails. 'I'll take the northern path. They meet up a couple 'undred meters east of 'ere, so I'll see yeh there. If yer find anythin', jus' shoot up a few red sparks an' me an' Fang'll come runnin'. Good luck.'For a large man, it took a surprisingly small amount of time for his bulk and the sound of his footsteps to be lost to the forest. The trio looked at each other nervously for a few seconds before heading towards the trail that Hagrid had pointed out.As it turned out, the 'trail' was little more than a rough-cut path that wound slowly through the forest, seemingly going 'through' bushes rather than around them at times. Harry had to resist using a blasting hex more than once to clear the way, but mindful of the less-than-successful results of his power test that past weekend, and of Ron and especially Hermione's potential reactions to his preforming a powerful spell on the 4th year syllabus, he contented himself with small cutting hexes that he could disguise by snapping as many downed twigs underfoot as he could whilst he worked his magic.They'd been walking for only a matter of meters before Hermione started asking questions once again.'I still don't understand.' she was saying. 'Why would anything...anyone attack a unicorn? Where's the motive?'Harry coughed into his arm to disguise the magical snapping of a rather large branch that threatened to block their path. 'It's for the blood.' he said over his shoulder as he pushed his way though the hole he'd just created. 'It has very powerful life-giving properties, on a par with Phoenix tears.'He knew that he was probably giving away too much information about his own knowledge, but he prayed that his friends were too busy trying to make sure they didn't get entangled in thorns to take much notice, and it seemed important for them to know, given the circumstances.'If you drink the blood, it will keep you alive, even if you're an inch from death.' Harry recited, thinking back to Firenze's words from the first timeline. 'It's a part of the reason that Unicorns can live for centuries.' He realised absently that it was too early in the year for them to be on this hunt. Their detention had originally been after Halloween, because Hermione had already been their friend at that point in the timeline. He put the matter out of his head, seeing as there was no reason to suggest that Riddle hadn't been doing this for the entire year the originally, and they hadn't accompanied Hagrid sooner back then simply because they hadn't gotten into trouble at the right times.'You mean to say that someone's drinking the unicorn blood?' Hermione said, bringing Harry's thoughts back to the task at hand. He flicked his wand and a branch spontaneously bent away from their path of its own accord.'That's just a guess.' Harry clarified, 'But I can't think of any other reason for someone to attack a unicorn.'With that morbid thought in their minds, they continued on through the forest in silence. To Harry's relief, the brush was starting to thin out enough that he didn't have to use magic to clear a path for them any more, and after about fifty feet the tangle of plants receded almost completely to reveal another starlit clearing. The three filed out of their path, glad to have room to move without having to worry about getting their elbows caught in thorns. Ron even managed a smile.The relief on his face was washed away almost immediately as he peered across the clearing.'Look!' he whispered, although it was such a harsh whisper that Harry could hear it echoing around the forest. Harry threw the boy a warning look, but he was too busy staring to notice.There, on the far side of the clearing, was the fallen body of a young unicorn. It was only a couple of years old if its shimmering golden coat was to be believed, although it was close enough to adolescence to have an impressive horn already. As they watched, it waved one of its forelegs weakly. It was still alive! Of course, that wasn't what made the sight so disturbing. That was solely down to the dark shape that was hovering over the young unicorn's neck.'Lethifold!' Ron hissed, taking a backwards step towards the path they'd so recently rejoiced in exiting. 'Let's get out of here!'Harry had to admit that Ron's observation had some merit. Lethifolds were not commonly found in the UK, but Harry had had the distinct pleasure of running into one locked within a boiler room during his time as an Auror. Resembling dark cloaks that rippled constantly with a non-existent wind, they floated around smothering people to death in their sleep, although they were just as dangerous to any living thing that was unlucky enough to stumble across them whilst awake. They were prevalent in the middle east, and especially Egypt, where Pharaohs often used them as part of their tomb defences. Ron's brother Bill would have encountered more than a few of the creatures doing his job as a curse breaker within those tombs, and it was only fair to assume that he would have told his little brother about them. At a first glance, the thing hovering over the downed unicorn did look like a lethifold, especially to someone who had only ever heard descriptions of them.Of course, Harry knew exactly what it was, and it was much worse than any lethifold.'We should send up red sparks,' Hermione said suddenly, looking torn between her need to flee and her unwillingness to not follow a teacher's orders. 'Hagrid told us to send up red sparks if we found a unicorn, or if we got into trouble. We've found both. He'll be able to help!'Harry didn't want to point out that even if it had been a lethifold, and not a presumed-dead Dark Lord, that both Hagrid's crossbow and his sheer bulk would be useless against it. Although, to be honest, he wasn't sure Hagrid could help them against Riddle's shade either. Ron, however, had no objections with voicing his opinion on the matter.'Don't be stupid!' he argued, clearly not comprehending that his voice was easily carrying across the clearing, and more to the point, that it was being heard. 'Hagrid doesn't even have a wand! There's nothing he can do against that thing!''Err... Ron?' Harry said, pulling on the boy's sleeve.'What?'Ron and Hermione looked around at the same time, catching sight of the thing as it drifted in a seemingly effortlessly arc across the clearing towards them. None of them moved for over a second as shock and fear took their bodies, but suddenly Harry's scar flared to agonising life, and he came back to himself.'Run!' he yelled.Harry turned and sprinted for a nearby tree, forgetting the pathway temporarily as he concentrated on keeping his vision steady through the pain in his forehead. It was so sharp that he was sure tears were streaming down his cheeks. He'd forgotten how bad it could be, and he made a mental note to study up on Occlumency shielding.Somehow, through his streaming vision he managed to make his way to the tree without falling over anything, and gratefully sank down into a hollow between its great roots on the tree's far side. Out of sight of Riddle's shade, the pain subsided slightly, and he found himself able to think properly once again. He was just wiping his face clear of excess moisture when he felt another body slide into the hollow beside him. Almost before he'd thought about it, Harry was brandishing his wand, but he gratefully recognised that person as a very pale-looking Ron. Had the situation been less serious, Harry might have laughed at how the boy's hair looked even more red than usual now that it was offset by his deathly pale skin.It was a few moments before he realised that they were missing someone in their little hollow.'Where's Hermione?' he asked, peering around the trunk of the tree, frantically searching for the girl that would turn into the closest thing he'd have to a sister. The clearing was empty, apart from the dying unicorn, and Harry felt the first bubblings of panic in his chest.Ron's eyes went wide. 'She was right behind me!' he said, looking around him as if he couldn't believe that she wasn't right there with them. 'Where'd she go?'As if to answer his question, a piercing scream cut through the cool night air, closely followed by a shower of red sparks that were just visible though the gaps in the trees. It didn't take a genius to work out that they'd been sent up somewhere in the path they'd taken to get to the clearing.Without thinking, Harry jumped out of the hollow and sprinted across the clearing full-pelt. He vaguely registered the sound of Ron's heavy footsteps following him some distance behind, but he ignored his shouts and dived straight into the rough-hewn path through the brush.It was just as dense as it had been before, and Harry could feel branches whip his face and tear at his clothing, but he powered on through, spurred on by a second, closer, scream, and the increasing pain in his scar that surely meant he was gaining on his quarry.His wand materialised in his hand just as he stumbled out of the pathway and into the clearing they'd parted ways from Hagrid in ten minutes earlier. Hermione was sprawled on the muddy forest floor a few feet ahead of him. At first he didn't see the dark form that hovered just above her, so well did it blend into the darkness of the forest beyond, but as it lunged, its outline was revealed.Harry didn't even have to think.'Expecto Patronum!'When he thought back on it later, he would realise that there were probably better spells that he could have chosen at that point, a good stunning charm would have been nice, but he'd been so caught up in the moment that he'd instinctively used the spell designed to expel dementors.Lethifolds, some magical scholars suggested, were indeed a type of dementor, although that view was not universally accepted. They believed that lethifolds may have been an early attempt by dark wizards unknown to create dementors, or perhaps the natural creature upon which the creators of the dementors had based their dark creatures. Whatever their actual history, it was no coincidence that the Expecto Patronum charm worked just as well against lethifolds as it did the dementors.However, Riddle's shade was no dementor, and it shouldn't have had any effect at all, probably.Of course, Harry never found out, because all that shot from the end of his wand was a tiny sliver of silver, hardly enough to fill a matchbox. Harry stared at it for a moment, shocked at the fact that he'd chosen a spell that he'd already tested and found wanting, before he was shaken back to himself by another ear-splitting scream from Hermione.Harry's eyes focused once more, and he flicked out his wand. 'Stupefy!' he yelled. This time a thin beam of red light shot out from his wand, straight at the shade. However, the element of surprise had been lost with the first failed spell, and Riddle gracefully dodged, rounding on Harry instead.Pain pulsed through his scar, and Harry sank to his knees, even as he let off another stunner than flew well wide. His vision blurred and before he knew it he found himself curled up on the floor and his wand lying a few feet from his hand where he'd dropped it.The pain subsided abruptly, and Harry sat up and looked around. Hermione was lying where she'd fallen earlier, and for one terrible second before he saw the subtle rise and fall of her chest, Harry thought she might be dead. Relieved, Harry looked around for Ron, the boy's yelled spell-casting echoing around the clearing. Ron was valiantly but futilely throwing stinging hexes at Voldemort's shade in a foolish attempt to distract it from either Harry or Hermione's prone forms. It was both the single most idiotic and brave thing that Harry had ever seen Ron do, and yet, it had probably saved his life.Filled with a new determination, Harry snatched up his wand and fired off a number of stunners at the Voldemort's unprotected back. Two found their mark and the shade let out an earth-shattering screech that caused both boys to cover their ears. The shade turned to meet its attacker, but that left its back open to Ron's hexes, and it was hit again.Harry wondered briefly about if it would be possible to destroy Voldemort here and now. In his shade form he was obviously vulnerable, even if he had a belly full of unicorn blood, but as he fired off another underpowered stunner, Harry realised that outside of something miraculous happening, it simply wasn't going to happen. Even in his weakened state, Voldemort was too powerful for two eleven-year-old wizards to handle.But, that didn't mean that they couldn't hurt Voldemort a little. Harry waited until Ron had scored a good hit before launching one of the more powerful spells that he'd tested. The bludgeoning hex was slow through the air compared to a stunning or disarming spell, but relatively powerful, and Harry watched with satisfaction as the hex managed to catch Voldemort in the side. Riddle screeched again, and started to retreat back into the forest. Encouraged, the two boys continued raining spells down on the shade from two directions until it gave one final scream of frustration and turned tail, fleeing into the dense undergrowth in a direction that they could not follow.A silence fell across the area that seemed almost unnatural, before a small sob from one side of the clearing caught the attention of the two boys. They glanced at each other for a moment before sprinting over to the fallen girl.Hermione was in a right state. Her face was muddy and stained with tear-tracks, her lip had been split, whilst the left sleeve of her robes was almost torn off completely, revealing numerous thorn scratches beneath. She was lying on her side, her head resting on her arm. Her wand was lying a couple of meters away.Harry was first to get to her, and he gathered her head into his lap.'Hermione?' he called, 'Can you hear me? Ron, go get her wand, would you?'Ron stood a few feet away, still breathing heavily and looking uncomfortable with the entire thing. He seemed glad of an excuse to not look at the girl. Harry waited until Ron had his back turned before he got out his wand and whispered 'ennervate' under his breath. Hermione's eyes fluttered open and she let out a loud sob.'Shh, Hermione. It's okay, it just me! It's Harry.' He said soothingly. 'You're safe! It's gone.'Hermione stared up at him for a number of seconds before the shock of it hit her and she broke down in tears once more. Harry let her cry, and squeezed her arm tight when she reached up to him. Ron eventually shuffled back over with Hermione's wand, although he made no move to give it to her whilst she was crying.Harry was sure he heard Ron breath a sigh of relief when the great hulking form of Hagrid burst through the trees and into their clearing with his lamp held high and Fang as his heel.'What's goin' on 'ere then?' he said, rushing over, 'I saw sparks! Oh, blimey!' Noting Hermione's state, he looked about, checking for danger.'It's okay, Hagrid.' Harry called, 'It's gone.'Hagrid relaxed a little, lowering his crossbow, but his eyes continued to scan the forest. 'What was it?''Lethifold.' Ron squeaked. He pointed to one side of the clearing. 'Me and Harry chased it off. Went that way.'Hagrid blinked in surprise. 'Lethifold? That can' be righ'. Can't stand the cold, lethifolds. They'd freeze in our climate. Plus, an' beggin' yer pardon, Ron, but you an' Harry couldn' fight off a lethifold on yer own.' Hagrid shivered. 'Real dark creatures, lethifolds.''Well, whatever it was,' Harry said, interrupting Ron before he could argue back, 'It almost had us. If Ron hadn't distracted it, I would be just as close to death as that unicorn.' The compliment seemed to placate Ron, and he nodded proudly.'Unicorn?' Hagrid's head snapped around. 'You found the unicorn?'In Harry's arms, Hermione stirred. 'It's in the other c-clearing, Hagrid.' she said with a hiccup. She smiled at Harry, before getting weakly to her feet and wiping her nose with her sleeve. 'This way, we'll show you. If we're quick, you might be able to save it.'Moments later and the group erupted out into the second clearing, where the young unicorn was laying motionless upon the floor. The three students froze when they caught sight of a centaur standing over the body, although Hagrid didn't seem surprised in the slightest by its presence.'Ah, Hagrid.' the centaur said, beckoning the groundskeeper over. 'Quick. There's still time.'Belatedly, Harry realised that he knew this centaur – Firenze. It had been years since Harry had ventured into the Forbidden Forest, and even longer since he'd seen the kindly centaur, but he'd remember that voice anywhere. As Firenze looked over at them, Harry was sure he saw a spark of recognition as his gaze fell on him. It reminded Harry of how the centaur had known who he was in the first timeline, and caused him to wonder what the stars had in store for him this time. He wasn't sure he wanted to know.Hagrid knelt down next to the fallen unicorn and clucked in sympathy. 'S'bad.' he said, examining the unicorn's neck closely. He took out his pink umbrella from one of the many pockets in his coat and tapped the area a few times with the tip. An aura of light erupted from the tip, and then faded. The unicorn kicked out briefly, before laying still once more.It seemed Hagrid suddenly realised he was being watched, because his eyes sprang up to the three students.'I err... I'd rather yeh didn't tell anyone about that.' he said, tucking the umbrella back inside his robes. 'Technically speakin', I'm not meant ter do magic.''Don't worry, Hagrid. We won't tell a soul.' Harry said, looking around to Ron and Hermione for agreement. Ron was nodding slowly, still in awe of the unicorn and centaur before him, but Hermione looked torn. Harry suspected it was her innate reluctance to let anything below-board go, but he knew she'd gotten over it once before. She could do it again, with a push. 'Hermione?' Harry caught her eye, and she nodded reluctantly.'Right. Well, good.' said Hagrid. He glanced up at the centaur. 'Oh, let me introduce Firenze. 'Es a centaur from the herd that act as guardians fer the forest. Firenze, this is 'Arry, Ron an' Hermione, students from up at the school.'Firenze bowed his head. 'A pleasure to meet you, children. Although, I wish it were under better circumstances.' he smiled at them, 'Come closer, young ones. You won't be harmed.'Harry walked forward immediately, he was curious to see the injury to the unicorn anyway, but Ron and Hermione hung back a little.'How bad is it, Hagrid?' Harry said, squatting down next to the groundskeeper. He peered at the wound on the unicorn's neck. It was strange to look upon a wound that wasn't smeared with the reds and purples of blood. Instead, the large gash was awash with a thick, sticky, silvery fluid – unicorn blood. As such, it was hard to determine the extent of the damage, but Harry knew that if he saw a gash that size on any human there would be little he could do to save them. Harry considered getting out his wand to try anyway, but decided against it. Healing magic was well above any first year, especially one that hadn't even been in school for two months yet, and there would be no way to explain it to Ron, Hermione or Hagrid. Instead, he leant out and stroked the unicorn's soft golden coat.It looked like a benign enough gesture, but as Harry stroked the animal he whispered 'ameliorate' under his breath. It was a simple healing spell that would help encourage the body to regenerate. It wasn't particularly powerful in its own right, and especially not when done wandlessly, but in a unicorn even that small push in the right direction might do wonders. He hoped so, anyway.Hagrid smiled at him sadly as he took his hand away. 'Magnificent creatures, unicorns.' he said, sniffing. 'An' this one's only a baby too. Such a shame ter see it like this.''Have faith, Hagrid.' Firenze said, bending down to give the unicorn a gentle stroke. It flapped an ear in response, snorting softly. 'At times like these, help can come from the most unlikely of places.'The centaur looked directly at Harry as he said this, and his meaning was not lost on the boy. Firenze had somehow noticed the magic, as unlikely at that seemed. Maybe that's what the stars had foretold him.As Harry walked back to the castle later that night, he couldn't help but get the look that Firenze had given him out of his mind. Had that been a silly move? If it had saved that unicorn, how might that affect the timeline? How much could the stars actually tell Firenze and the other centaurs, and had he just tipped them off? However he looked at it, things didn't seem ideal.In the end, Harry decided that, given that there was nothing he could do about it now, he should try and focus on the positives. He had helped a young unicorn, potentially saving it. He, Ron and Hermione had survived an encounter with Voldemort's shade - a massive positive there.Harry glanced up to where Ron and Hermione were talking softly as they cross the castle grounds, a couple of paces ahead of him. For potentially the first time since he'd been returned to this timeline, they weren't taking snipes at each other. It boded well.Perhaps it wasn't just knocking out a twelve-foot troll that could form friendships. Surviving Dark Lords seemed to work just as well.Author's Note:Thanks to everyone who's reading this fic. I'm blown away with the responses so far.Thank you to those people who have picked up on errors in the text, both factual and grammatical (including pointing out just how badly I butchered Firenze's name in this chapter - now fixed). It's really helpful and I greatly appreciate it.On that note, I am aware that Canonically the being that Harry encounters in the Forbidden Forest isn't actually Voldemort's shade, but Quirrell. However, when I wrote this I had the movie version of that scene in my head, and it fit too well to correct later when I discovered my error. So my apologies, but I'm claiming creative licence on this one.Thanks again, and as ever, the next chapter will be up in a day or so!Chris

Chapter 6 - HalloweenH,I don't know whether to praise you or kill you! I get that going into the forest wasn't a choice that you had much control over, but fighting V? Have you gone mad?But, I'm glad that you're okay. R and H too, and I'm happy to hear that she's now your friend. Perhaps this means that you don't need to go putting yourself in danger this coming holiday? You got lucky with the T last time, so don't go tempting fate.Stay safe.GThe night before Halloween came around quickly enough, and with it came an increase in Harry's stress levels. As he lay in bed, trying to capture sleep which would not come to his busy mind, he found himself working through his next big problem.What should he do about the troll? From his own tests, he knew that his magic wasn't strong enough to defeat the thing in any conventional way. The more he thought about it, the more he realised the truth of the fact that three eleven-year-olds should never have survived an encounter with a troll. They had defeated it using a levitation charm, for heaven sake! The chances of that working a second time were minimal. He should just let the teachers take care of it.But, then again… That troll could do some serious damage to any student it ran into. Harry knew where it would be and when it would be there. If he stopped it, it couldn't hurt anyone. On the other hand, if he let it roam about the castle, who knew how long it would take the teachers to discover it, and even then there was the possibility that they might not come out of it unscathed, or that it might encounter an errant student before being taken down.Maintaining the timeline was one thing, keeping to it exactly was another. Would it matter if, perhaps, he snuck down to confront it alone? Would it matter that it wasn't Ron that preformed the spell? Had Ron changed in any way because of his deed? Had Hermione, from her near-death experience?Well, it was safe to assume that Hermione had already changed. An encounter with a lethifold, as she and Ron still believed it to be, was more than adequate, but could the same be said about Ron? Defending two people from a lethifold using only stinging curses wasn't exactly the move of a coward, although it had been pretty stupid. Then again, using a levitation charm on a Troll wasn't much better…The fact was that since their encounter in the forest a week ago, Hermione had been much more talkative with both Harry and Ron, whilst Ron had been much more accepting of Hermione in general. There was still tension at times, there always would be between Ron and Hermione. Eventually they would grow to enjoy it and would form a foundational part of their friendship. In any case, with Hermione's integration into the friendship group had been started by the 'lethifold'. There was no need to risk either Ron or Hermione's lives dealing with a troll.Then there was the temptation to confront Quirrell. Just like the troll, he knew where the man would be, and when. In the end, it was the fact that Harry knew Snape would be there to catch Quirrell that stopped him from acting on it. If Snape was in the area, Harry might be spotted confronting Quirrell, and that would be a very bad outcome.No, as much as he wanted to take Quirrell out without having to go through the trial again, this was not the time to do it. Furthermore, Harry couldn't shake the feeling that, somehow, dealing with the troll was his responsibility. Therefore, the best course of action would be to sneak down on his own and attempt to deal with the troll himself. If he kept to the shadows, and caused the troll to make enough noise, perhaps he could stall it long enough to get teachers on the scene, then slip away unnoticed.He wished Dumbledore had given him his father's cloak back already... but that wouldn't happen until Christmas.Steeling himself against what had to be done, but more relaxed now that he had a definite course of action, he turned over and fell into an uneasy slumber.Halloween dawned bright and early, a frosty whiteness coating every surface outside the castle's walls, and even some of the less insulated areas inside. Harry felt a definite chill to the air all the way through the double charms lesson and contented himself with, just this once, mastering the tricky warming charm that Flitwick was teaching them before Hermione. Neville, who had been sitting next to him, had surreptitiously asked Harry to use it on him too, which Harry was more than happy to do, even if Flitwick had said the cold would be a good incentive.The two boys had sat comfortably through the second of the two lessons, suppressing small grins as they watched the rest of the class shiver, although the cold knot in Harry's stomach failed to disappear.In fact, the later in the day it became, the worse the feeling was. By the time classes were over and the Halloween feast had started, Harry was sure the strain of it must have been showing on his face. All throughout the main course Harry was on tenterhooks, waiting for the traitorous DADA teacher to burst through the doors to the Great Hall, screaming at the top of his lungs that a troll had somehow magically made its way into the dungeons.For a fleeting moment as the desert course appeared on the gold plates in the middle of the table, Harry wondered if the event that defined his relationship with Ron and Hermione would even happen this time. Had he already caused so much change in the timeline that Quirrell wouldn't need the troll distraction?He needn't have worried. Moments after the desert course disappeared from the table, much to Ron's displeasure, the doors banged open and Quirrell ran in, his face as white as a ghost.'T-Troll... In the dungeons! Troll in the dungeons... Thought you should know.' then he fainted.Professor Dumbledore was on his feet in seconds, waving his wand and creating a loud 'crack' to get the attention of the panicking students.'All students are to proceed to their common rooms, escorted by the Prefects. Teachers are to come with me,' he said simply, gesturing to his colleagues and moving quickly but calmly towards the big double doors without preamble.Harry watched as the rest of the teachers, including Snape, filed out after him and disappearing out into the castle beyond.'A troll!' Ron was exclaiming, 'In Hogwarts! How could there be a troll in Hogwarts!' His question was directed at nobody in particular, but it was Hermione his eyes turned to. She just shrugged, her face a little paler than usual at the thought of running into a troll.'Hogwarts, A History makes no mention of dangerous creatures ever sneaking into the castle...' she said a little breathlessly, 'I don't understand. There are so many protections, a troll shouldn't even be able to wander into the grounds, let alone make it into the castle...''That's enough.' said an imperious Percy Weasley, walking swiftly down the line of first years that had formed beside the table, 'You can chatter when we get back to the common room, not before. Now be quiet and listen to the Prefects.'His words did little to quieten the students under his wing, but they managed to file out of the Great Hall without incident. Harry surreptitiously started falling to the back of the line, sliding his wand out of his sleeve as stealthy as possible. They had made it to the second floor by the time he was in a position to carry out his plan.Now the last in line, Percy was walking beside him, giving Harry the odd prod as an incentive to speed up and keep with the now stretched out line of Gryffindor Students. Harry waited until the head of the line was passing a well known short cut hidden by a tapestry when he flicked his wand.All of a sudden, a loud groan sounded from the secret passage, and the tapestry covering it flickered outwards with a breeze. Instantly there was pandemonium, children screaming and scattering in all directions whilst Prefects, some of them just as affected initially, attempted to round them back up. In the confusion, it was easy enough for Harry to slip away unnoticed.Back tracking to the main staircase, he quickly made his way down to the girls' bathroom where he and Ron had seen the troll enter all those years ago. He guessed that he was a little earlier in reaching the area than before, and was a little relieved when he found the corridor and toilet empty. The last thing he needed was a different crying girl complicating matters.The troll made its appearance in stereotypical troll fashion, by loudly smashing its way through what once was a solid oak door that lead down to a couple of disused classrooms. As far as Harry was aware, the corridor beyond was a dead end, so as he watched the troll fight its way clear of the remnants of the door, he wondered how on earth Quirrell had managed to get it in there. As a teacher he would have access to the Floo, but could a troll even fit in a conventional fireplace?The point became moot when the vaguely humanoid beast stumbled free of the door and started up the long corridor towards him, some sixty meters away, dragging its roughly hewn club behind it in one meaty hand. Harry took refuge in the doorway to the girl's bathroom, itself protected by a heavy wooden door, although Harry was under no illusions that it might provide him any kind of defence.Instead, he raised his wand and flicked it in the troll's direction.The club suddenly slid sideways across the floor, entangling itself in the troll's legs. Harry watched, fascinated as the troll's little beady eyes widened in surprise as it found itself falling forward. With a great smack of meat-on-stone, the mountain troll toppled forward and landed on its face.Harry whooped with joy. That had been easier that he had planned. Not only had he managed to successfully disable a fully grown mountain troll with his weakened magic, but he hadn't even needed to get near it. Slipping his wand back up his sleeve, he decided to make his escape before any teachers decided to investigate this particular corridor.Then froze as an almighty roar filled the corridor.Harry looked fearfully over his shoulder. The troll wasn't unconscious as he'd originally assumed, just stunned, and possibly just too stupid to think of immediately getting to its feet. Swearing under his breath, Harry moved back to his place in the doorway retrieving his wand from his sleeve as he went.Surveying the scene quickly, Harry was dismayed to see that the troll was now getting to its feet in haste, spittle flying everywhere as it sounded another loud challenge to the world. Slightly panicked, it was with some relief that Harry noticed that the heavy club had been left lying on the ground to the troll's side, temporarily forgotten in its rage.Well, whatever worked the first time around was likely to work again. He raised his wand and took aim.'Harry!' a shrill scream came from the far end of the corridor, behind Harry, and he felt the knot in his stomach drop. He recognised that voice. He flicked a glance over his shoulder to see Hermione running down the flagstones towards him, followed not only by Ron, but also by a shell shocked Neville.Crap.He went to shout at the three to stay back when the troll sounded its third and loudest roar on catching sight of the running children before it. Before Harry could react, the thing had stooped to pick up the club and started a slow but determined charge at the three small things that angered it so.'What the hell do you think you're doing!' Hermione said shrilly as she slid to a stop at Harry's side.'Me?' he exclaimed, throwing off her hand as she grabbed at his wand arm to try and pull him back up the corridor, away from the troll. 'What the hell is wrong with you?! I almost had it until you turned up screaming your head off! Now it knows where I am!'Hermione, who had been ready to shout back a counter argument about how going after a troll was a stupid move in the first place, seemed temporarily shocked at her own actions.'That's a bloody big troll...' Ron said, by way of greeting. His wand was already out and pointing in the direction of the troll, who was gradually gaining speed towards them. 'What's your problem, Harry! Running off like that?''Oh, be quiet, all of you!' Harry snapped, flicking his wand again. It was a moment before he realised that he was casting magic silently. Hopefully none of his friends would notice, given the troll rapidly bearing down on them. The club quivered in the troll's grip, but not enough to connect with its' legs. A moment later, the club was being raised to squash them.In the end, they were saved by the troll's own fury, as the club caught on a large chandelier above its head, and stuck. With the troll momentarily distracted, Harry took the opportunity to get out of there.'Run!' he shouted, grabbing Hermione's wrist and dragging her back down the corridor the way they'd come. Ron and Neville, who was white as a sheet, didn't need telling twice, and legged it as fast as they could.There was a massive crash as the chain holding the chandelier to the ceiling parted. Harry paused in his run, dragging Hermione to a stop next to him, and they both looked back just in time to see the entire light fitting come crashing down on the troll's head. It roared with anger, throwing the large metal object down the corridor like it was made of balsa wood. It hit the floor and then the wall with another mighty crash, thankfully well wide of where the four students were now standing.Harry didn't wait for it to start charging again, but raised his wand. 'Stupefy!' he cried, throwing all his energy into the spell on the hope that it might come out fully powered. A thin beam of red erupted from his want and struck the troll in the shoulder.The troll cried out, clutching its shoulder like it had been a bludgeoning hex rather than a stunner. However, it caused the troll nothing more than a momentary distraction, and before Harry could summon the energy for a second shot, this time at its head, it was roaring another challenge and charging at them again.Harry looked up. There were no chandeliers left to safe them.'Run!' he cried.Within seconds they were at the end of the corridor and flying around the corner. Straight into the path of a limping Severus Snape.'What in the name of...' he started, grabbing Ron by the arm as he swept past. 'You will explain, right now, what you are doing down here!'Harry skidded to a stop right in front of the Potions professor, the man's angry eyes locked with his own. There was no need to explain though, as at that moment the troll reached the end of the corridor, and being much larger and heavier than its small pray, didn't make the corner quite as easily. Instead, it crashed head-first into the wall opposite, cracking the stonework.Harry watched, horrified as the troll stumbled backwards, one of its meaty hands held up to its head. It bellowed a half hearted cry of pain, before collapsing backwards, its head hitting the hard stone floor with a crack.This time, it was definitely out.Harry turned back to Professor Snape, preparing a rather elaborate set of excuses. Absently, he realised that Severus, despite his ardent dislike of any members of the Weasley family, had positioned himself directly and protectively in front of both Ron and Neville.'Severus? What's going on here?' said a familiar Scottish voice, and Harry snuck a look around the potions professor to see Professor McGonagall leading a team of three teachers, wands drawn, up the corridor towards their position. 'Is that? Oh my word... Children, get away from that thing. Quickly now!'Ron, Hermione and Neville quickly responded to the deputy headmistress' words, but Harry stood frozen on the spot, his gaze raised to Snape's eyes, which were once again staring directly at him.'If you wish to know what has just transpired, Minerva, I would suggest you ask young Mr Potter here.' he said, grinding out Harry's name like it was a bad taste in his mouth. 'It was he who was first on the scene, dragging poor Miss Granger with him. I dare-say the other two are here on his request too...'McGonagall muttered something under her breath as she studied the collapsed troll, then wheeled on Harry. 'Well, Mr Potter. Care to give an explanation?'Fifty different excuses came to Harry's mind, mostly memories of excuses his son's had tried on him at one time or another, but settled that the best defence would probably be the truth. Mostly the truth anyway.Taking a deep breath, he cast his mind back to the last time he had fought a troll on school property and said, 'It was my fault, professor. I came down here looking for the troll. I'd been reading up on them and thought I could deal with it... I was wrong. If Hermione, Ron and Neville hadn't come looking for me, I'd probably be dead right now.'He dropped his gaze to his toes and tried to look regretful, hoping against hope that McGonagall would buy the rather weak excuse like she had done for Hermione all those years ago.He heard McGonagall sigh. 'Whilst I can't even begin to understand why you ever thought that you, a first year with barely two months training behind you, could take on a fully grown mountain troll... I suppose what we should take away from this is the fact that you're all okay.'Harry's head snapped up, amazed at the soft and understanding tone of voice that his House Mistress was using. She caught his eye and misinterpreted his surprise for amusement.'But I must impress on you the seriousness of what you've done, Mr Potter!' she said, gravely. 'Not many first years could have taken on a fully-grown mountain troll and survived to tell the tale. And not only that, but your being here put three more students in danger. Your recklessness could have cost you all your lives!'She sighed again, pinching the bridge of her nose as she regained her composure. 'Five points will be taken from Gryffindor, and detention I think, for your severe lack of regard for your own safety, and the safety of your friends.' She turned to Hermione, Ron and Neville, who had grouped together to one side of the corridor, as far from Harry as possible, it seemed.'As for you three. I hardly know where to start. You might have rushed off to find your friend out of concern for him, but what you should have done was tell a teacher or a Prefect, not gone gallivanting off after him! I hope this experience teaches you all something valuable.' she snuck a glance at the drooling form of the troll on the floor beside her. 'Having said that, your actions speak volumes about your characters, and for that I am going to award you each five points.' she raised her finger and her voice turned hard, 'But, I warn you. Any repeat of this, and you'll find me a lot less forgiving. Am I understood?'The three shocked Gryffindors nodded numbly.'Now be gone, all of you. Back to your common room. You too, Mr Potter, and be grateful that I'm not more harsh on you given the seriousness of your actions.' She waved her arms and they realised that they were dismissed. Harry stole a look at Snape's face as he swept past, almost running to get away from the area as soon as possible. He shared a look with Neville that clearly showed he was feeling a similar need for distance.They disappeared around the next corner within moments and although Harry's head was full of thoughts, mostly about how closely time had seemed to repeat itself in places, he still caught the start of the conversation between the teachers behind them.'I hardly think that's punishment enough for what they've done! They could have died!''So let's just be thankful that they're still alive, Severus. I dare-say the experience was lesson enough for them. They would certainly be very stupid to try anything like this again.' She paused, and Harry imagined her surveying the troll with not a small degree of concern for the safety of her students, but then she said something that proved her mind was elsewhere engaged.'Severus, what ever have you done to your leg?'Harry smiled with relief. At least the stone was still safe. That much had gone right.After the incident with the troll, things calmed down quite a bit, but not before a bit of shouting went on. Hermione had a go at Harry for being so stupid as to think he could take on a troll, Ginny had sent a very strongly worded letter to the same effect, whilst Ron seemed the most angry at Harry for not taking him along in the first place. Neville, true to form, had been rather quiet about the entire incident, but Harry thought that perhaps the boy had been glad to be included in the adventure – in retrospect of course.Harry doubted the boy had enjoyed it much at the time.The Gryffindor vs Slytherin quidditch match came around quickly, and although Quirrell did try to unseat Harry during the match, this time he had been ready for it, even going so far as to add a mild sticking charm to the handle of his broom to help him maintain his grip. Technically, it was cheating, but given that Quirrell was trying to kill him, Harry thought the Quidditch Gods would allow him this liberty.It had gone much the same as before. Harry, in the middle of chasing after the Snitch, had suddenly found his broom violently attempting to throw him off. Hermione and Ron had noticed almost immediately, and Hermione had once again mistaken Snape as the culprit, setting fire to the professor's robes with her speciality blue flame and sending Quirrell flying in the process. Perhaps the only difference was that Harry had managed to catch the Snitch with his hands this time, rather than almost swallowing it.After that, winter was upon them faster than Harry thought possible. Suddenly the weather cooled considerably and snow appeared overnight, coating every surface that could support its weight. That apparently didn't include Greenhouse number seven, which had collapsed with the weight of snow, destroying a crop of young mandrakes. Harry hoped that it wasn't a bad omen for next year. He really wasn't looking forward to going up against a basilisk again.Harry encouraged Ron and Hermione, and sometimes Neville when he was around, to visit Hagrid as often as they could. Norbert came and went, as did more reports of unicorns being killed, which Neville and Hermione both found most disturbing. Whilst it had concerned Harry, he was pleased to hear that the young colt that he'd helped was recovering nicely in a clearing Hagrid had found for it, deep inside the forest, cared for by the Centaurs.Then, before he knew it, Ginny had sent her last letter before being swept off to Romania to visit Charlie, a trip she was looking forward to since she hadn't seen her brother for over two years, and the normally busy common room sat quiet and still, the majority of students having left on the Hogwarts Express to return home.For once in Harry Potter's life, things were quiet. Christmas Day came and went, Ron waxed lyrical about the invisibility cloak Harry had discovered amongst his presents for about a week before calming down, but without a mystery to solve, the pair of them only made a few sneaky visits to the kitchens with it. Harry was almost sad to see the Deathly Hallow go to waste on such mundane tasks, but also liked the fact that he hadn't gotten himself into any stressful situations at the same time.There was one place he had to visit though, for the sake of the timeline, but also for personal interest. It wasn't every day that one got to look into one's most desperate desires.He chose New Year's Day for his excursion. Ron had gone to bed with a full belly from the feast that the castle's house elves had put on for the small amount of remaining students and staff, leaving Harry to wander about the corridors under the invisibility cloak in peace.Feeling like a ghost, Harry snuck his way out of their shared dorm and made his way through the deserted castle. He was struck with the stillness of the place. The castle was usually so busy that you couldn't go for two corridors in places without seeing a student, teacher or ghost, but tonight, with the majority of both students and teachers away, it was like walking through a dream.The fourth floor was just as deserted as the rest of the castle, but Harry was glad of that as he slipped quietly through the corridors unmolested. He needn't have used the cloak, he mused, passing the entrance to the library where not even Madame Pince was lurking, the woman a little too full of sherry that night to be caring for her beloved books.It had been easy enough to find. Harry recognised the door as soon as he saw it, the old wooden and cast iron design burned into his mind from when he was a child – the door that hid an artefact with a link to a life he would never know.The Mirror of Erised gleamed in the dark of the room, lit only by the weakest of moonlight that slipped in through ancient Victorian-era windows. Harry couldn't help but hang back a little, unreasonably apprehensive about the simple act of peering in.People had waisted away before it... That's what Dumbledore had said, and Harry could believe it. But, it needed to be done. He had to look, and he had to come back again, multiple times, or Dumbledore would never move it into the third-floor corridor. Without the mirror, the last line of defence for the Stone would be lost, and whilst Harry was confident that he could deal with Quirrell before the point where it would be required, he wasn't above having a backup plan.The stakes were very high, after all.Swallowing the knot that had formed in his throat, Harry threw off the cloak and stepped forward into the space before the mirror.The image that stared back at him almost caused him to fall to his knees, even though he had suspected what it would be.There, before him, stood his family, in its entirety. Ginny, as he remembered her, stood at its centre, surrounded by their sons and daughter, all beaming happily down at him. James had a cheeky grin plastered on his face, as if he'd just pulled off the biggest prank ever seen at Hogwarts, whilst Albus was standing close to his mother's side, looking all the world like a little Harry Potter without the glasses. Lily stood front and centre, her young face split into a grin at the sight of her daddy.Harry had been so entranced by the sight of his children that he felt like his heart was going to jump up his throat and escape the moment he took a moment to take a look at the people standing behind them.Sirius, Remus and his Mum and Dad were all there, beaming at him. And behind them, stepping in and out of view in the ruckus to get to the front, were Harry's extended family. A grown up Ron and Hermione, their kids along for the ride, even Neville and Luna with their respective families. The further Harry looked back, the more people he recognised.'I want to go home...' he said quietly to himself, but he knew it was more than that. It was an impossible dream of having all that he had become used to having, mixed with his childhood dream of meeting his parents for the very first time.For how long he stood there, he couldn't say, but eventually he noticed that the moonlight had been replaced by the first rays of dawn, so he tore himself away, replaced the cloak over his head and slipped back into the night.He was in a daze for almost all of the next day, not that Ron noticed. They'd spent the day playing with a new wizards chess set that Harry had owl-ordered in for him as his Christmas present – something you had to do early on when owning a new chess set where the pieces each had a tiny mind of their own. If you didn't play with them quickly, the pieces tended to walk off, thinking they'd been sold to an ungrateful owner. Ron won every match, but then, even as an adult Harry had been terrible at the game.He returned that night, and the night after, and the night after that. At first he'd told himself that it was only because he knew he had to, or Dumbledore might not notice his movements, but by the fourth consecutive day he'd accepted that he'd succumbed to the mirror's magic. And for some reason, he didn't mind.Dumbledore turned up on the fifth day. Harry had been deep in thought, sitting cross legged in front of the mirror, the cloak draped around and over his knees, a mirror of himself at 11 years old in more ways than one.'Wizards have wasted away looking into the Mirror of Erised.' Dumbledore's baritone voice said softly out of the dark. To Harry's credit, he didn't jump at the sound, but answered back in a voice that was stronger than he was feeling.'I see my family.' he said, 'I've never seen us all together before.'If Harry's lack of surprise had taken the headmaster aback, he didn't let it show. 'Understandable.' He said simply, coming to stand slightly behind Harry so that he appeared in the reflection with Harry's family. Harry felt oddly guilty that the man had never appeared in the mirror as part of his imagined perfect world.'Do you understand what the mirror is showing you?' Dumbledore said eventually, staring into the mirror himself for a number of moments. Harry knew he was seeing his sister, alive and well, and possibly a young Gellert Grindelwald, before he went bad.'It shows me my desires.' Harry said, deciding that he'd rather not play games with the headmaster. 'That's what the inscription means when read backwards – I see what I desire most, however possible or not it may be.'Dumbledore nodded, approval radiating off him in waves. 'Very astute, Harry. Indeed, the mirror of Erised is quite literally a window to our most heartfelt desires. It is said that if the happiest, most contented man in the world were to look into the mirror, he would see only himself as he was. For the rest of us, the mirror is both a blessing and a curse, for it allows us to see, just as you say, what we desire most, however possible or impossible it might be to achieve it. That is why so many good men have wasted away before it, wondering if perhaps the mirror was a portal to seeing the future, or a way to getting at things lost to time.'Harry's ears pricked up at that, but he knew, in his heart, that it was just a turn of phrase. There was no way this mirror was connected to the other world – for a start, his parents weren't alive and well in the world he had left – it was feeding off his own memory and imagination.'And that is why, tomorrow, the mirror will be moved to a different location. You are a good man, Harry, with a tragic past, and because I do not wish to see you waste away before this mirror like the countless others before you, it is my most heartfelt desire right now that you never encounter this mirror again. Please, don't go looking for it.'Harry nodded, a tear streaking down his cheek as he took one last long look at the faces of his children.'I understand, Headmaster.' he said sadly, getting to his feet and turning his back on the mirror. 'I'm just glad I got this opportunity.'He started towards the entrance, pulling the cloak over himself as he went. He was almost at the door when he paused, looking back at the Headmaster with his still uncovered head. Dumbledore was staring into the mirror himself, and Harry couldn't resist.'If you don't mind me asking, Headmaster. What is it you see?'Dumbledore's head raised ever so slightly in surprise and he turned to look at the boy who seemed strangely wise beyond his years at the unexpected question. 'Socks.' he said softly, staring deep into the eyes of the boy and sensing a depth that scared him. 'You can never have enough socks.'Author's Note:Once again, a massive thanks to all of you! The feedback has been great - I'm glad that you seem to be enjoying it.On the note of feedback, a couple of people have expressed concern that this story might conform too closely to the books going forward. Obviously, I can't tell you exactly what is going to happen (or else you wouldn't have to read any more), but that's certainly not my intention. The first year is always going to be a bit 'samey', but that's only because things haven't had time to go wrong yet. Don't worry, it's coming.Anyway, that's all I wanted to say. Thanks again to everyone who's reviewing/favouriting/following - All these things help to encourage people to give the fic a go, and I really appreciate it.Chris

Chapter 7 - EasterTrue to his word, Harry never went back to that classroom, but then, that was partly because he knew exactly where the Mirror of Erised had been moved to. Plenty of times over the next few weeks he had felt the need to break into the third floor corridor, just to have another look at his children, who he'd never be able to take a picture of, if only to preserve the memory of their faces in his mind a little longer.He managed to resist, but only just.Christmas ended, the students flooded back, and within a week things were back to normal around the castle. There were two fights between players on the run up to the Slytherin vs. Ravenclaw game, as well as a smattering of flu that had people walking around the corridors with steam pouring out their ears from Madame Pomfrey's favourite cure.Lessons returned with their usual monotony as far as Harry was concerned. Having been using his left hand for almost six months at that point, he had started to develop what would never be called a 'neat' scrawl, but wasn't bad enough to draw any kind of attention to it either. His left handed wandwork had improved tenfold, and he could now successfully cast every spell in the standard book of spells grade one and two (he'd been to the library, much to Ron's chagrin) without any trouble at all. He hoped that being ambidextrous was a skill that would help him out later in his plan to re-rid the world of Tom Riddle. It certainly wouldn't be a hindrance.When Easter finally came around, Harry found himself more nervous than he ever imagined. If he played his cards right, he could be going back to the burrow for a weekend with the Weasleys, and that was something that he'd been yearning for since he'd left Ginny standing on the platform at King's Cross.He'd been dropping hints to Ron regularly since Christmas, not all of them particularly subtle, that he'd really like to see the inside of a 'real' wizarding house. He couldn't be sure, but he was pretty sure that Ron had taken the bait. Ginny said that she was working on her mother to have the 'famous Harry Potter' back for the long weekend too, but she couldn't push too hard or her mother was likely to think she better not encourage her daughter's 'obsession' by acquiescing.The other obstacle would be Dumbledore's insistence that Harry stay protected. Harry now understood the reason he had to stay at the Dursley's house over the summers, although the idea of going back there after all this time wasn't a pleasant thought, but the blood protection was simply vital to Riddle's downfall. There was no choice. However during the first few years, Dumbledore had seemed reluctant to let Harry out of his sight at all. Harry was gambling on the fact that no threat had materialised quite yet to Harry's well-being. Dumbledore wasn't fully aware of the facts when it came to Voldemort's whereabouts, and so was more likely to be relaxed with his security over a minor holiday. Much less so than he would be when Sirius escaped anyway.Sirius... Harry had thought of him often in the last few months, ever since he'd seen his godfather's smiling face in the Mirror of Erised. He'd attempted to work out a way of freeing the man early... Everything from 'accidentally' getting his picture caught holding Scabbers, and then deliberately leaking the picture in the hope it might get printed somewhere, to revealing Wormtail as an animagus in the middle of the Gryffindor common room and having a camera ready himself. Either option had their own chances of success, especially the second, but it would reveal too much about his knowledge about things that he shouldn't. Dumbledore was smart enough to join the dots, or at least he had the potential to, and that was enough to discourage him.He'd discuss it with Ginny the next time he saw her.It was two days before the break, just as Harry had been about to give up hope of an invite, when Ron spilled the news as if it were something as uninteresting as a comment on the weather. They had been playing another game of wizard's chess in the common room whilst Neville looked on, studying their game as if it held the answers to Snape's next potions quiz. Harry had been halfway through a move when Ron suddenly said, 'Oh, mum's invited you back for Easter, if you fancy it, Harry.'Harry froze in place, the knight that he had been moving wiggled unhappily in his hand.'You too, Neville, if your Gran will let you.' Ron continued, wincing in anticipation of the bad move Harry had been about to make. 'Ooh... You don't want to do that, mate.'Harry moved the piece back to its original position and leant back, under the guise of thinking about a better move. He was going to the Burrow... He was going to see Ginny! It was all he could do to not grin like the eleven year old idiot that he resembled.Meanwhile, Neville was shrugging. 'If you're sure...' he said, 'I mean, Gran is away visiting her sister in Norway this weekend, so I'm sure she wouldn't mind.'Ron mirrored Neville's shrug. 'More the merrier.' he said frowning as Harry leant forward to move a different piece. Once again, he winced. Seeing his friend's face, Harry replaced the piece and thought again.'I'd ask Hermione too, but I know she's going home. Where is Hermione, anyway?''Library,' Harry and Neville said simultaneously. 'She's doing some research into some potions thing that I told her in the last lesson.'Harry elaborated, 'Apparently she didn't believe me when I said that adding ingredients with different hands could influence the outcome of a potion.'Ron blinked, temporarily distracted from the game. 'I thought you made that up to confuse her...'Harry shook his head and grabbed his knight, moving it to where he'd originally been planning to. It called him a rude word when it worked out what he'd done. 'Nope, meant every word. I heard Fred and George talking about one of their experiments and they were discussing which hand would make better results. Thought they were mad until I looked it up.'In one quick movement, Ron took Harry's knight and placed Harry's king into check. 'Told you that was a bad move.' he said. 'Anyway, Harry. You coming home with us this weekend or what?'Harry's face split into a grin, despite the fact that he'd practically lost the game before him. 'Just try and stop me.'If the time seemed to be flying by before, the next two days felt like years. At the same time, Harry found it surprisingly hard to contain his excitement and anxiety to levels that Ron would find acceptable. After all, as far as Ron knew, Harry's only interest was in seeing where his friend lived, not in his ten year old sister, who just happened to embody the soul of Harry's wife of fifteen years.His letters from Ginny, which were now arriving with such regularity that both Ron and Neville were starting to notice, seemed just as excited as he felt, except that she didn't have to hide it.HI can't wait to see you! I've got so much I want to tell you in person, so many things that can't be expressed properly through letters.I've missed you so much!GIt wasn't until he was sitting on the soft and overly sprung seats of the Hogwarts Express, staring out at the fast-moving Scottish countryside that Harry really found himself believing that he was actually going to be in Ottery St Catchpole by the end of the day. Too anxious to do anything complicated, he settled down to a game of exploding snap with Neville, and as a result of not being able to concentrate properly, promptly lost all but one of the next twenty games, along with half an eyebrow.'Are you okay, Harry?' Neville asked eventually, concerned with Harry's uncharacteristic loosing streak. 'You seem a little... distracted.'Ron, who had been sorting through his collection of Chocolate Frog Cards, looked up. 'Yeh, Harry. You've been awfully jumpy the past few days. You haven't been getting death threats from Malfoy or something, have you?'Harry felt like laughing in exasperation, but resisted. He wished he could let his friends in on his secret, but knew it was impossible. 'Nothing really.' he said, shrugging and trying to look as nonchalant as possible. He was sure it wasn't working very well. 'I've just never seen a real wizarding house before, with loads of cool magic about. I bet your mother has a spell for everything!'Ron didn't look best impressed. 'You're excited to visit my house because you want to learn all about cleaning charms?' he shook his head in despair. 'You might be Harry Potter, but you ain't half weird sometimes.'Harry could see that Neville was thinking the same thing, and Harry made a mental note to try and think up better excuses.The train pulled into King's Cross some four hours later, and like the eager schoolboy that he resembled, Harry found himself peering out the window with such intensity that he was sure that Neville and Ron must have considered it strange. At that moment, however, he didn't much care, because he'd caught sight of flaming red hair.As the train came to a stop, he was careful to let Ron and Neville file out of the compartment first, grabbing their rucksacks from the rack above their heads as they went. They filed through the carriage towards the door slowly, held up by the larger students who were just as impatient to be out of the cramped compartments and on the open platform, surrounded by their families. When they finally got to the door they had to blink and shield their eyes against the glare of the artificial lights of the station.'Ronald!' Mrs Weasley's voice called almost immediately as they stepped down from the carriage. 'Over here, Ronald!'Ron ducked his head, his ears immediately going a violent shade of red. Harry shared a grin with Neville. 'Mum!' Ron moaned loudly as they approached, 'Don't call me that.'Harry looked around eagerly, and was very disappointed to see that it was just Molly who had come to collect them. The littlest Weasley was nowhere in sight.Molly Weasley clucked disapprovingly at her son's tone of voice, but acquiesced. 'Sorry, Ron, dear.' she said enveloping her son in a hug. Ron's ears went an even deeper scarlet. 'Are these your friends then?' she said once she'd released her mortified son.Ron nodded, and although his face was flushed, he did seem quite happy to see his mother, Harry thought.'This is Neville, and you've already met Harry.'Mrs Weasley shot them both encouraging smiles, especially Neville, who seemed a little intimidated by the entire conversation as soon as it turned towards him.'Longbottom, is it?' Mrs Weasley asked kindly, 'Augusta's grandson?' The boy nodded meekly. 'Yes, I thought I recognised you. I met you as a baby, you know that? I was good friends with your parents. Harry's too.' she said, throwing Harry another warm smile.Neville's eyes widened slightly at the mention of this parents. Harry took the opportunity to ask a question of his own.'Really? Were they all friends?' he said, knowing the answer full-well, but wanting Neville to hear it.Mrs Weasley nodded. 'Oh yes, dear. Your fathers knew each other from before they went to Hogwarts. Troublemakers, the both of them. Thankfully they were in different years, or I expect half the castle would be in ruins by the time you left, although I dare-say your father had a good go, Harry.'He grinned in response, imagining his Father and Sirius running around Hogwarts like Fred and George did, but with more explosions, but soon sobered when he remembered that Sirius was still in Azkaban. He'd have to work out a plan to get the man out as soon as possible.'Come on then, dears.' Mrs Weasley said eventually, possibly sensing Harry's change in mood. 'Let's get you home. A quick jump in the floo, and we'll be home in a flash – just remember to speak clearly.'The trip to the nearest floo connected fireplace was longer than Harry had initially anticipated, having always used either apparation or Ron's car to transport himself and his kids to the station. In fact, the closest fireplace was in a small pub called the 'Cat and Broom', hidden away nearly quarter of a mile away in a back alley that needed no Muggle repellent charms on it to remain invisible to the local population. Harry considered it a miracle that wizarding kind had even discovered the dark, dank and ever so slightly smelly cobbled street.Faking an unfamiliarity with floo, he allowed himself to be taught, before stepping into the fire himself, his manner not needing any acting to add nervousness – he hadn't felt this anxious since he'd asked Ginny to marry him, all those years ago.The green fire sucked him in and spat him out of the floo network with its usual amount of grace, and before Harry knew where he was, he found himself with a face full of a familiar looking bare-hardwood flooring.'Wotcha, Harry.' said a grinning Ron. Neville stood behind him, the small grin on his own face not entirely masking the uncomfortable feeling he had in being in a strange house. 'I've seen better, but not bad for your first go.' he held out a hand to help his friend up. 'Best get out the way, or mum'll walk right over you when she arrives.'Harry scrambled out of the way, and none to soon as the green flames quickly returned. Mrs Weasley strolled out confidently, without even the slightest hint of a stumble. If she noticed Harry's alarm at almost being squashed, she tactfully ignored it.'Right. Welcome to the Burrow. Ron, show your friends to your room whilst I put on a spot of dinner. I dare say you'll be hungry after that trip of yours.'Ron nodded and motioned his two friends to follow him towards the stairs.'Oh, and when you see your sister,' Mrs Weasley shouted after them as they escaped quickly from kitchen duty, 'Tell her that her room better be tidy when I come up to check, or she'll be having no dinner at all!'As Harry dodged the third step of the second flight of stairs – if his memory served him correctly, it was getting weak and Ron was due to put his foot through it at some point during this holiday – he suppressed a smirk. Fancy still getting in trouble from your mother for being messy at Ginny's age...They didn't see Ginny on the way up to Ron's room, nor even when they thundered onto the landing where both Ron and Ginny's bedrooms opened on to. Ron shouted something akin to his mother's message at Ginny's door, but didn't bother to see that she was in or had even heard. Instead he shuffled them all into his room where two camp beds had been made up on the floor of the tiny room, leaving Ron his usual bed.'Wow!' Neville exclaimed, and it took Harry a moment to realise why the boy had cry out. Then he realised that he was so used to seeing the vibrant orange colour around Ron's house anyway that he had completely ignored the wall-to-wall coverage of Chudley Cannons posters.'Yeah, Ron...' Harry said, playing along with Neville's surprise, 'It's really... Orange...'And indeed, that was the only word for it.The next twenty minutes comprised mainly of Neville and Harry teasing Ron about his unhealthy obsession with a team as pathetic as the Chudley Cannons, including, but not limited to, their horrific playing record and horrific uniform colour. In fact, they were on such a role with their criticisms that when the knock on the door came and Mrs Weasley's head popped around the door to inform them that dinner was ready and waiting for them, Ron's ears had turned a deep kind of mauve. Mrs Weasley, once again, rather wisely refused to notice.Still laughing, the three boys filed out of the room and headed down the stairs towards the kitchen. Ron was first out, claiming that he was starving, although Harry somewhat suspected his haste was more to do with ending the current topic of conversation, and Neville followed close behind. Harry, last out of the door, hung back on the landing as he noticed that Ginny's door was slightly ajar.Checking that Ron, Neville and Mrs Weasley, who had presumable inspected Ginny's room before telling the boys that dinner was ready, were far enough down the stairs to not see his actions, Harry took a step towards the door. With a hesitant hand he pushed it open, his heart in his mouth.Empty.Harry relaxed, wishing once again that he could get over his 11-year-old hormones through force of will alone as he felt the adrenaline course through his shaking hands. This was silly. It had only been a couple of months, for heaven's sake – he wasn't like this with his kids when they came back from school every year, and they were often gone for much longer than a few measly months.Then again, six months was hardly a measly amount. Suddenly Harry found himself feeling more than a little guilty at the thought that he hadn't thought about his kids for the past couple of days, having been concentrating on seeing Ginny again.Then he found himself feeling very sad, his eyes slightly watery, even though he knew it was completely useless to cry about it.'HARRY!' called Ron's voice up the stairs, 'WHAT'RE YOU DOING UP THERE? AREN'T YOU HUNGRY?'Harry shook himself and wiped his eyes, hoping that they weren't red and give him away. 'Coming!' he called back, and then ran from the room.He made it down the stairs in record time, missing all the creaky steps out of force of habit, and paused on the first floor landing. He could hear the chatter in the kitchen already, along with the clatter and chink of cutlery on china which indicated that the feast, for dinner was always a feast in Molly's home, was already in full swing.'I do wish George and Fred had come home with you.' Mrs Weasley was saying, 'The house is always quiet without them around.'Harry heard a snort emanate from Ron, but guessed the boy had his mouth too full of food to comment, so it was Ginny who took up the gauntlet of tackling the white elephant in that statement. Harry felt his heart skip a beat at the sound of her young sing-song voice.'You mean you like them blowing stuff up?' she said, a tone of mirth disguised poorly behind a shroud of pretended innocent curiosity. It was strange, Harry realised, to hear her sound so... child-like and carefree.Harry imagined Mrs Weasley blustering slightly under the question, and probably more than a few memories, although Harry knew they pair would get worse before they got better.'I was merely pointing out that it's been a while since we had the whole family here.' she said, her voice betraying a note of despair. 'I know that with Bill and Charlie away, they're Ron's other brothers,' she added helpfully for Neville's benefit, 'and Percy staying Hogwarts too... It was just a thought.'There was a pause where the thought ended, and Harry used it as an opportune moment to enter. Missing the last creaking step, he somewhat overestimated the distance, and rather than gracefully entering the room like he'd intended, he managed to almost crash head-long into the closest chair. The only thing that stopped his inevitable fall to the hardwood floor of the kitchen was the fact that a hand reached out to steady him.'Thanks!' he said automatically, then noticed that the had was small and slender, and milky white. Then, and apparently for no reason at all, he turned bright red.'You want to watch that last step.' Ginny said helpfully. 'Catches a lot of people off guard.' She appeared amused, Harry thought, but was also glad to note that the colour of her cheeks was more beetroot than its usual hue. Apparently noticing the same thing herself, she abruptly withdrew her hand.Ron sniggered.'Harry! Where did you get to?' Mrs Weasley said, effectively breaking the tension between the two young lovers. She trundled around to Harry and practically pushed him into a seat without expecting an answer. 'Of course, you'll remember Ginny? From the station?'Ron sniggered again. Harry couldn't bring himself to look at the boy, so contemplated himself with watching Mrs Weasley dish up some supper for him.'Yes, Mrs Weasley.' he said, quite meekly, 'She was the first person from your world that I met, apart from Hagrid, of course.''Oh, you know Hagrid, do you?' Mrs Weasley said, her eyes sparkling as she plonked a plate-full of shepherds pie in front of him. It smelt delicious, and Harry suddenly realised how hungry he was. 'You know he lives on the Hogwarts grounds these days, I hope you've been to visit him.''Twice a week, mum.' Ron said quickly, between mouthfuls, and Mrs Weasley shot her son a warm smile. It was a slight exaggeration, but seeing as how he had helped Hagrid out with Norbert, Harry decided that Ron probably had a right to embellish a little.Mrs Weasley nodded her approval as she sat herself back down to continue her meal. 'I'm glad to hear it. Awfully nice, that man. A little on the gruff side, perhaps...' Ron sniggered again, and this time Harry caught his eye. Neville, who had only met Hagrid once or twice, was listening on interestedly. '...but a nicer man you won't meet.'They settled down into polite conversation as they attacked their plates. Mrs Weasley asked about their classes and their teachers, and every now and again Ginny would pipe up and ask about quidditch ('Youngest seeker in a century? You must be really good!') and her other brothers ('Is Percy still being stupid?'), all the while shooting Harry secret glances that he was sure Mrs Weasley was perfectly aware of.Arthur arrived home towards the end of the meal and sat with them, grabbing a plate of his own. As with the first time Harry had visited, he seemed much more interested with questioning Harry about the uses of various Muggle objects than about Harry's past or his scar, which was a welcome change from the usual conversations he'd been getting into recently.'So you you say a traffic light controls the traffic?' Mr Weasley asked, fingers steeped and his food temporarily forgotten on the plate before him. 'And how would it do that exactly?'Molly sighed loudly and Ron poked around a leftover piece of carrot with his fork, obviously bored, but Neville was just as entranced as Ron's father. Ginny was just grinning softly, sitting back and enjoying the conversation. As Harry started explaining about the various coloured lights and their meanings he realised that he too was enjoying the simplicity of it all. It had been a long time since anything in their lives had been simple. With both Harry and Ginny gainfully employed they had seen little of each other, passing occasionally on the stairs as Harry returned from pulling an all-nighter and Ginny headed out for an early morning practise session. When James had arrived, ironically they had seen more of each as Ginny gave up quidditch and Harry managed to take some more time off to spend with his burgeoning family. It had been hectic and exhausting in its own way, but they spent a lot of it together, and compared to the years afterwards as Albus and Lily had been come along, they looked back on it now as almost a holiday.Sitting here in the Burrow, with little to no real responsibilities, other than those self-imposed-world-saving ones, Harry realised how much growing up... sucked.The meal ended just as Mr Weasley rounded onto the purpose of rubber ducks, with Molly finally drawing a line. Distracting her husband with the washing up, she sent the four of them off into the sitting room. Harry made sure to smile thankfully at her.Settling down in front of the fireplace, which had a roaring fire despite the rapidly warming days, Ron challenged Neville to a game of wizard's chess. He had discovered that the boy was much more of a challenge than Harry, whilst Harry contended himself with sitting close to Ginny on the sofa.Not too close, of course. In any case, he wasn't sure his cheeks could take much more glowing. In the end he found himself perching an awkward distance from her, sitting in the divot between the cushions. When Ginny challenged him to a game of exploding snap, he quickly accepted, grateful for an excuse to turn towards her and actually interact.A little over an hour later, with Ron's head drooping towards the chessboard, Mrs Weasley sent them all to bed. Ron tried to complain weakly, he was only a few moves away from beating Neville a third time, but his body betrayed him as his forehead drooped low enough to knock over his king, who swore at him, effectively forfeiting the game to Neville. Molly sent the pair of them up immediately, but acquiesced to Ginny's plea to let her and Harry finish their last game of exploding snap, a deciding round, on the promise that they would head up the moment it ended.Harry frowned at the cards that had suddenly appeared in his hands, sure in his own mind that they had stopped playing at least ten minutes ago. Ginny had won – seven rounds to five.'I'll be checking,' Mrs Weasley warned, waving a damp tea-towel at them from the doorway. 'The moment I hear those blasted things pop more than once I'll be back in to remove them.''Yes, mum!' Ginny grinned, in the same way that Harry remembered Lily doing when she wasn't being entirely truthful. 'We'll be quick!'Mrs Weasley gave her daughter an apprising look, probably knowing full well that she was being manipulated, but disappeared from the doorway all the same. The pair listened as her footsteps reached the bottom of the stairs and proceeded up.Ginny turned her eyes on Harry, an almost predatory glint in them. 'Alone at last!' she growled, and before Harry had a chance to reply or even put aside his cards Ginny had flung herself at him, pinning him against the sofa cushion at his back.'I've missed you.' she said, burrowing her head in his shoulder. As the moment of mild panic passed he relaxed and wrapped his arms around her.'Me too.' he said, inhaling the scent of her hair. It was different to what he remembered, but then, he doubted that even Ginny could manage to convince her mother to purchase the expensive shampoo that she had become accustomed to. However, it was still Ginny, and he decided that he could easily get used to it.They stayed like that for a few minutes, but as someone on the floor above dropped something heavy they stirred at the sound. Reluctantly relinquishing her hold on Harry, Ginny grabbed a couple of playing cards and threw them down on the pile, causing a small explosion and enveloping them in thick purple smoke. They grinned at each other as the smoke disappeared to nothing.'I forgot how fun being a kid could be.' Harry said, wafting the last tendrils of smoke away from his face.Ginny collected up the cards and returned them to their packet. 'Yeah, right. As if you and Ron ever grew up.' As she turned back towards him, Harry slipped his hands around her waist. He felt her stiffen and he could feel his face rapidly flooding with heat, but he controlled himself enough to pull her close.'I think you'll find I grew up quite a lot, Gin.' he mumbled in her ear.Trapped in his thin eleven-year-old arms, Ginny giggled softly. 'I've missed being called that.'From upstairs Mrs Weasley's voice called them. 'I heard a pop! Now go to bed, the pair of you!'Ginny giggled again. 'Yes, mum! We're just getting a glass of water!' she called, then looked up at Harry. 'I love you, Potter.' she whispered, kissing him quickly, embarrassed, on the cheek. She then slipped out of his arms and practically ran to the kitchen.'I love you too.' he said softly to the room at large, knowing that she would never hear it from the other room, but too scared to say it louder.

Chapter 8 – The TalkSaturday dawned dry and bright, and surprisingly warm for Spring. The sun shone strongly and although Harry had failed to pack any shorts, in fact he couldn't actually remember if he owned any shorts at this age, he managed to find an old t-shirt of Dudley's that wasn't completely revolting, and a pair of old corduroys that he had to roll up at the ankles to stop from dragging along the ground. As he looked at himself in the mirror before going down for breakfast he could understand why Mrs Weasley had always made such a fuss over him. If one of his children had appeared in the morning wearing the clothes that he was wearing now, they would have been sent straight back upstairs to change and the offending clothes would have been summarily incinerated. Somehow during the summer, Harry decided, he would have to get hold of some Muggle money to buy himself clothes that actually fit.And that weren't several decades out of style.Maybe he could steal from his Aunt Petunia's purse sometime during the summer? It was money she was only going to spend on Dudley otherwise.With that thought buoying his mind he headed down to breakfast, where he noted the look between Mr and Mrs Weasley that was clearly about his clothing. Ron and Neville, who were used to seeing Harry's terrible clothes by now, ignored him altogether, whilst Ginny raised an eyebrow. He shrugged and busied himself by shoving eggs and bacon into his mouth. Ginny rolled her eyes, but didn't otherwise comment.After clearing up, Ron showed them the field behind the house where he and his brothers, he poignantly ignored Ginny's presence, would practice quidditch. He took them over to the garden shed where four beaten up brooms were piled behind a large roll of chicken wire.'Dad's thinking of building a pen to keep some chickens in.' he said by way of explanation as he and Harry manhandled the wire out of the way. 'Mad if you ask me. I mean, I like eggs, but you can get them real easy from the shops, you know?''They taste better when they're from your own chickens!' Ginny protested. She and Harry knew this, as Arthur had eventually gotten around to building his pen, but only after he had effectively retired from the Ministry. Ron shot her a dirty look, still resenting her presence, but as he had no way of getting rid of her, he decided not to say anything. As space became available in the shed, Neville slipped in and retrieved the brooms.They were old Cleansweep Threes, and well-used, but Harry could detect nothing obviously wrong with them. He looked to Ginny, who had much more experience than him on a broom after her years as a Chaser for the Holyhead Harpies, although these were a far cry from the Nimbus 3003 she had ended up spending the majority of her career on. She shrugged at him and mounted immediately.'Only one way to check.' she said softly at his unasked question, then shot off into the sky. Neville yelped as she clipped him on the arm, but neither he nor Ginny ended up on the floor.Laughing, Harry hastily joined her, ignoring Ron's outraged look and Neville's nervous expression as he shot into the sky after her. On the wind he could just make out her whooping as she corkscrewed through the air – an advanced manoeuvre that he wasn't sure a ten-year-old should be capable of. Thinking that he'd better catch up with her to warn her off any more professional-level moves for the time being, he put on a burst of speed, pushing the old Cleansweep as fast as it could go. Beneath him the broomstick vibrated slightly, and it pulled to the left a little, but otherwise it seemed to cope with his demands as he willed it to catch up the with girl ahead. He shot a look over his shoulder at Ron who was just leaving the ground and Neville, who was holding the broomstick between his legs and seemed to be praying.In the end he didn't have to catch Ginny as her corkscrew had been seen by her mother, who had yelled at her for at least five minutes. Suitably chastened, Ginny hadn't tried anything else outrageous apart from a few covert tight turns around Harry, laughing her head off the entire time. Her telling off also had the added advantage of cheering up Ron to no end, and once they had coaxed Neville more than ten meters off the ground, Ron fetched a battered old Muggle football to throw about.Apparently the football had been charmed by Ron's brother Bill to float slowly to the ground, just like modern Quaffles, although hadn't quite got the charm down properly as every now and again the ball would rise in the air instead of fall, but it made for an interesting game that they all enjoyed, even Neville, and it was four very happy, very windswept kids that returned to the Burrow for lunch. Ron in particular, who had finally gotten over Ginny's presence, was waxing lyrical.'You guys are definitely coming back in the summer!' he was saying, his broom resting casually over his shoulder in a way that he obviously thought made him look like a professional. 'Between the four of us, Fred and George won't know what hit them!'If Ginny was surprised to be included in that number, Neville was even more shocked with his inclusion. 'I dunno...' he said, 'I don't mind visiting, a-actually, I think it would be fun... It's just, I think I might sit the flying out.''Don't be silly, Neville.' Ginny said encouragingly, 'You were great! And the more time you spend on a broom, the more comfortable you'll feel.'Harry grimaced, 'I dunno, Gin.' he said, massaging his bum, 'I don't think I could spend much more time on these brooms... It's like sitting on a flying brick.' He caught her eye and he could immediately tell from her warning look that she'd also noticed his accidentally use of her pet name. Unfortunately, so had Ron.'Gin?' he snorted. 'Since when have you answered to that?'She shot him a dirty look and went on the offensive. 'Oh, shut up, Won-won.'Harry cracked up and Ginny grinned contentedly, whilst Neville and Ron just looked at each other.'Those two are weird...' Ron said finally as Harry and Ginny paced away from them towards the house.Lunch was polished off quickly and before long the four of them emerged back out into the glorious spring sunshine tasked with de-gnoming the garden. Ron showed a mystified Neville and a falsely curious Harry how it was done, and the activity soon turned into a competition. Neville won, although he didn't know much about it, as his throw was more the result of a panicked flick of his hand as one particularly aggressive gnome bit into his finger as it was picked up. They spent the rest of the day lazing about in the sunshine, supplied with copious amounts of fresh lemonade by Mrs Weasley. At one point Mr Weasley appeared with another Muggle contraption – a whisk – which Harry was only too happy to explain the use of. Unfortunately, without a bowl and mixture to demonstrate with, he wasn't sure Arthur truly followed the explanation.Eventually the chessboard and exploding snap deck came out, interspaced with Ron excitedly showing Harry and Ron his extensive Chocolate Frog Card collection. Harry pretended to be enthralled, especially by the moving holographs, which he remembered used to be a big thing for him. Ron beat him three times at chess, then Neville twice, before being beaten by Ginny on their first game.Harry managed to keep his mirth contained. Ginny wasn't a particularly bad chess player, unlike Harry, who really was terrible, and whilst in reality an adult Ron would have beaten her easily, she was more than able to hold her own against him at this age. Ron demanded an immediate rematch and beat her, but not as soundly as he wanted, but before he could challenge her again they were called in for dinner.A particularly young looking Kingsley Shacklebolt popped in briefly during dinner to see Arthur, and although Mrs Weasley valiantly attempted to protect Harry from the Auror, Kingsley had insisted on introducing himself and shaking Harry's hand. Harry found he didn't mind too much, as Kingsley and he had ended up working closely together after the war, when the man had become Minister for Magic, and he had become a good friend. It was strange seeing quite so starkly how much of an age gap there was between them.After dinner, and Kingsley had left, they once again settled into the sitting room. Harry made a point of sitting away from Ginny for the first portion of the evening, conscious of the fact that he had spent most of the day chatting with her rather than his supposed better friends. She sent him a look that told him in no uncertain terms that she didn't care, but he stuck to his guns, letting Neville beat him at chess twice before even trying. He still ended up loosing the third game.It was nearly nine in the evening by the time he finally sat beside Ginny on the rug before the fire. She was reading a book he didn't recognise and initially ignored him, on purpose he assumed. After five minutes of silence where she didn't turn a single page, he decided he was correct.'Mike the Magic Muggle...' he said eventually, leaning over to read the front cover. 'I've never heard of it.''It was one of my favourites...' she paused, eyes wide. Checking that neither Ron, Neville or her father, who was sitting in the corner of the room tinkering with an electric plug, had heard her, she continued in a lower voice. 'It is one of my favourite books.' she finished, looking sheepish. Harry thought it made her look especially cute, but knew better than to tell her. 'It's a series of books actually,' she continued, flipping the cover over to show him. 'This is the third one, where Mike goes to a museum and the artefacts come alive and chase him. It's really quite fun.'Harry chuckled. 'That's silly. I thought you said he was a Muggle. How could he cause all that magic?''Oh no, he can't do magic.' Ginny explained, 'That's just the title. In reality he's just really unlucky, and seems to find himself in various magical situations. In another book he ends up in an old castle with suits of armour that come to life, and another one has him getting lost in a pyramid – that one's my favourite.' she looked around cautiously before lowering her voice again. 'I used to get Charlie to read it to me every time he visited from Egypt.' she murmured.Harry took the book from her and flicked through it. It was written simply, with large fully-colour cartoon pictures that showed Mike's adventures. As with most magical pictures, the brightly coloured images moved to show the story more clearly. 'This is great.' he asked, his own voice soft. 'How come you never gave them to our kids?'Ginny shrugged, catching his meaning regardless. 'They're not particularly well thought of by some due to their... content?' she wrestled with her words for a second. 'Hermione particularly dislikes them, because they depict Mike as a stupid Muggle who gets scared in even relatively simple magical situations. Every book ends with a wise old wizard saving him too, which apparently, according to Hermione, implies that Muggles are all stupid and weaker than wizards and require saving.' she sighed. 'It's a shame, but most wizarding literature for children is full of the same messages, and you know how Hermione gets. It's just easier to hide them away than fight with her about them. Plus,' she shrugged, 'I can kind-of see her point. I don't want Lily growing up thinking that Muggles are stupid simpletons who require us to protect them.'Handing back the book, Harry allowed himself a chuckle. 'You really think our kids could ever come to those conclusions? I mean, you read these books as a child, and you ended up turning out just fine.' he nudged her with his shoulder.'Yeah, but I had good parents, and good friends.' she looked up at the rest of the room where her parents were now talking, in truth arguing, about the electric plug, whilst Ron and Neville sorted through Ron's Chocolate Frog Card collection on the table beside them. 'And you, I suppose.'Harry laughed, drawing a look from Ron. 'You suppose?' he said softly, keenly aware that their conversation was dangerously incriminating if anyone managed to hear what they were saying. 'And what about our kids then? Are you implying that we're not good enough parents to stop our kids from forming dangerous elitist ideals?'He had meant it as a joke, but she seemed to consider it seriously. 'I hope not.' she said sombrely, before grinning, 'and I suppose there's always aunt Hermione to keep them on the straight and narrow.''Oh, I don't know about that.' Harry replied. 'I hear she was a tearaway back in her school years. Brewing illegal potions in bathrooms, breaking into teacher's offices, traipsing around England on the run from the Ministry with a dangerous traitor? She's hardly the role-model type.'Ginny grinned stupidly up at him, and not for the first time, he wished he could kiss her. 'You're such a doofus.' she said with a smirk. Her gaze flicked over to her parents, where her mother now appeared to be reading a copy of the Daily Prophet up at the table, but was really watching them surreptitiously.'Come on,' Ginny said loudly getting up and holding out her hand to help Harry up. 'Let's go guilt Ron into giving away some of his rare cards.'Harry shook her head at her antics, but accepted the hand.He really had missed her.The final day of their stay at the Burrow seemed too short by half, and before he knew it, Harry found himself standing on a stool washing plates as they cleared up from lunch. Behind him, Ron and Neville were collecting up the remaining food for Mrs Weasley to put anti-spoiling charms on, whilst Ginny helped her mother wipe surfaces down. As Harry stacked yet another plate on the draining board beside him, he thought back on the weekend, deciding that it was the best he'd had in a long time.There was something nagging him though, and as Ginny moved her own stool to step up beside him, he mumbled his concern to her.'We haven't had a chance to talk about...' he looked over his shoulder at the other occupants of the room. None were paying attention to them, but he decided not to risk it anyway. Being a parent himself, he was well aware that Molly could easily be listening in without showing any outward signs of it, and he couldn't think of a way to talking about killing a Hogwarts professor that sounded innocent, '...you know...'Judging by her warning look, it seemed that Ginny did know. 'Let's go for a fly after this.' she said by way of answer. 'If we challenge the other two to a race, neither of them will be able to keep up.'Harry laughed. 'Sure, as long as those brooms don't disintegrate beneath us.'They finished up with the kitchen ten minutes later, and although Neville seemed less than enthusiastic with the idea of a race, Ron, who obviously considered his chances good, was enthusiastic enough for the both of them. Harry and Ginny volunteered to retrieve the brooms from the shed, giving them an extra window to briefly talk.'I'm not sure if I can really help you.' Ginny admitted, after Harry explained briefly what he was thinking. 'I wasn't at Hogwarts this year, and I never met Quirrell.''No, but you can listen to my plan and pick holes.' He shot her a grin. 'You're usually good at that.'Ginny laughed. 'That's because your plans are generally stupid. Fine, tell me.''Initially, I've been planning to wait until Quirrell tries to steal the stone. I've made sure that the Mirror had been moved down again – I'll tell you another time what I saw in it.' he added, stalling the question that he could see forming on Ginny's lips, 'I'm pretty confident that I'll be able to make it through the tests on my own – the chessboard might be a bit challenging, but if I can't play my way around, hopefully I'll be able to break the charms...''Hold on.' Ginny put her hand up, cutting him off. They had reached the shed and she opened door for him. 'You're going to break the charms? Charms put on by Flitwick and McGonagall?''Well, only if I can't play my way across...' he replied, leaning in and grabbing the four Cleansweeps. He handed two to Ginny.Ginny laughed. 'Let's be serious, Harry. You're a terrible chess player. You won't be able to play your way across.'Harry frowned as they started their way back. He wasn't that bad... 'Well what other choice do I have?''Honestly? Even if your knowledge of magic was good enough to break the charms on the chessboard, and I'm not entirely sure it is seeing as your area of expertise is combat and practical magic, not magical theory, we've both noticed an appreciable drop in our magical power. It's not likely you could break McGonagall's spell work.''Which leaves me with what?' Harry said, his pride a little hurt.Ginny patted him on the shoulder. 'Oh, don't look at me like that, Harry. You know I think you're a brilliant wizard, but we have to be realistic here. The only way I can see you getting through that challenge is the same way you got past it last time.'It took Harry a moment to realise what she'd said. 'Take Ron with me? Gin... He's only eleven!''As are you,' she countered, 'and as you both were the first time around. Anyway, that wasn't entirely what I meant either. If I remember correctly, Hermione was with you too.'Harry shook his head. 'I can't in good conscience take two eleven-year-olds, no matter how brilliant, with me to face Voldemort's shade. Not when there's a chance I could do it all without them. We were lucky last time, and I can't guarantee that we'll have the same luck again this time.'By then, they had almost returned to where Ron and Neville were waiting. Harry could see Ron trying to explain to Neville the traditional route that the Weasleys used for their races, but Harry didn't think it was going in judging by the look on Neville's face.Ginny, too, realised that they had run out of time for the time-being. 'I'll think about it.' she said as they approached. 'But I honestly think that's your best chance.'The race didn't start immediately, as Neville had to be flown around the course to ensure he understood the route, but once they were all back at the start line Harry felt his frustration at Ginny' words turn into competitiveness. He caught her eye as they lined up, and he could see the same thing reflected back. It had been a long time since they had raced using identical brooms.Ron started the race by simply shouting 'Go!', but naturally set off himself half a second early. Harry and Ginny shot off a moment after him, whilst Neville was left stumbling on the line. Being slightly lighter than Harry, Ginny caught up with Ron first, rounding the isolated ash tree that served as the first corner shoulder to shoulder with her brother. Harry was close enough behind that he could have reached out and grabbed either of the broom tails, but refrained. He'd never hear the end of it if he cheated.The next leg was a long straight, and Harry eked out everything the broomstick had, pulling up level with Ron's hip. He positioned himself for the next turn well, and after sweeping around the broken-down tractor he was slightly ahead of the boy. He chanced a look over his shoulder and saw Neville following, not entirely closely, but at a respectable speed considering his nervousness in the air. Turning back to the front, Harry gnashed his teeth as he saw Ginny entering the tricky chicane up ahead that marked the middle of the route.Wishing that he had his Firebolt beneath him, Harry urged the Cleansweep onwards, ducking through the thicket of trees that formed the chicane. He thought he might have heard Ron grunt as he took the tree on the right a little too close, catching a stray branch, but didn't look back.Harry rounded the next corner at full speed, and as he felt the wind shift around with his new direction, feeling it gust and blow him slightly off course. Correcting, he also saw how it affected Ginny, who was being buffeted even more than he was due to her lack of weight. Sniffing his advantage, he charged around the next corner without slowing, running a bit wide, but keeping his speed. Within moments he was alongside the red-headed girl, and then slightly ahead as he cut through the headwind with his greater momentum.As the last corner came up fast and Harry shot around it, clipping the shed with his shoulder as he cut it a little fine, but it hardly slowed him and within seconds he was pulling up into the sky to slow himself as he crossed the line. As he levelled out high above the ground, he looked back to see Ron only just approaching the shed. He had been right, the boy had stood no chance against the two experienced flyers, even on the same brooms.Ginny punched his shoulder as she levelled out beside him. 'I can't believe you won!' she crowed, grinning. Her cheeks were flushed with blood which made her look more alive than Harry had seen her before at this age. It was in stark contrast to the pale thin girl from the Chamber of Secrets that sometimes even now haunted his dreams, his only real memory of her at this stage of her life. 'You just wait until I'm a few years older...''Trust me,' Harry said. 'There are plenty of reasons for me to want you older,' he grinned as she went even redder at the thought, 'but so you can beat me at a broom race? Not likely.' He looked back to where Ron was now, streaking towards the finish line. They should have made the race over two laps...'We don't have much time,' Ginny said quickly, obviously thinking the same as Harry as she tracked her brother's progress towards them. 'But I think I know how you can stop Quirrell getting the stone without putting Ron and Hermione in danger.''Oh yes?'Ginny caught his gaze, and Harry could see the darkness in her eyes that came with the way of thinking that they were being forced into.'You've got to kill Quirrell early, before he gets to the Mirror, maybe before he even gets to the third floor corridor.'Harry sighed. 'I've thought of that, Gin. I would reveal myself, my foreknowledge, to Riddle. I can't risk it!''Then force it!' Ginny hissed as Ron spotted them and started climbing. 'Riddle doesn't know that your touch will kill Quirrell. Make him angry. Make him attack you!'Harry went to argue back, but Ron reached them at that moment and he was forced into silence. It would be stupidly dangerous to do that – a fully grown wizard with a dark lord augmenting his powers – Quirrell could kill him easily if he used magic...But Ginny was right. Voldemort didn't know about the blood magic, and he wouldn't fully understand until Quirrell's demise. It was an important lesson for him, and one he needed to be taught if he was going to make the same decisions again.So, he pondered as Ron started complaining loudly about how Harry and Ginny had to be cheaters to get their brooms to go that fast, how could he get Quirrell to attack him without giving anything away?It was going to take some serious consideration.The rest of the day passed quickly, and before Harry knew it, he was up in Ron's room collecting together his small collection of clothes and toiletries that he'd brought with him. He was just trying to work out where he'd left yesterday's socks when he realised that he wasn't alone in the room. Standing in the doorway was Mr Weasley.Initially, Harry though that he had simply found him to ask another question about Muggles or their technology, but as Harry finally rediscovered his socks (underneath Ron's bed, of all places), he noticed that Arthur wasn't holding anything, and the usual boyish face he wore when he had a burning question on his mind was missing.Shoving the socks into his bag, Harry fastened the top and slung it over his shoulder. As he turned, he pretended to notice the man for the first time.'Oh, hello Mr Weasley.' he said with a smile, 'I didn't see you there.'Arthur held his gaze for a moment, telling Harry that he didn't believe him, but instead of saying something, he moved into the room and sat on the end of Ron's bed, staring at the orange posters that coated the walls and ceiling.'I don't come in here that often.' he admitted, 'I'd forgotten that it's so bright.' he attempted a weak smile as Harry agreed.'Listen, Harry. I wanted to say...' the man swallowed, obviously searching for the right words. A lump seemed to form in Harry's stomach. This was new, this had never happened in the original time-line.'We know you've been writing to Ginny.' Arthur said finally, and Harry's heart leapt to his throat. They must have found his letters. Mr Weasley looked up and must have caught the expression on Harry's face. 'Oh, don't worry. We haven't been reading your letters or anything...' he smiled weakly, 'It's just that Ginny talks about you quite a bit.'Harry sighed with relief. That had been close. Then he realised that Mr Weasley still had something to say, and whatever it was, he seemed to think it was quite serious, so Harry let his bag slide off his shoulder and sat on the edge one of the put-up beds that had been set up in Ron's room for him and Neville.'One of the things she talks about a lot is your aunt and uncle.' Mr Weasley said finally, his eyes finding Harry's. 'Now, I'm sure that she's exaggerating in places, but if even half of what she's been saying is true, and judging by your clothes...' he trailed off, apparently worried about embarrassing Harry.'What we, Molly and I, wanted to say to you is... If there's anything you need. Anything you want to talk about that you feel you can't with either Ginny or Ron...' he fixed Harry with a look so heartfelt that it gave Harry shivers, 'We're, Molly and I, we're always here. I know we don't know you very well, but we knew your parents, and we... well, we'd feel remiss... that is, we'd feel bad if you didn't know that you could ask for us for anything you need.'Harry blinked, and it was then that he realised that there was a tear in his eye. He didn't know what to say. He had always known that both Arthur and Molly had worried about him, and that he could, of course, ask them for anything, but they had never said it out loud before. It had always been an implied agreement built on his friendship with Ron and then his later relationship with Ginny, although it had probably started from that first moment in King's Cross when Molly had seen his Dudley-sized clothes. Hearing it expressed, especially from Arthur, who was normally the least emotional of the two...'I-I...' Harry started, then found that his voice was stuck. 'Thank you.' he said eventually, wiping the rogue tear away roughly with one of Dudley's massive sleeves. 'I don't really know what to say...'Arthur smiled at him kindly. 'You don't have to say anything.' He reached out and grasped Harry's shoulder in a hand that was larger and stronger than Harry anticipated. 'Just keep in mind what I said. If there's anything you ever need...''I will.' Harry said, 'I promise.'Arthur nodded and let Harry's shoulder go. Rising from the bed he took one last look around the room, as if seeing it for the first time all over again.'I was always a Tornadoes fan, myself.' he said simply, before flashing Harry a quick smile and walking out, leaving Harry feeling emotionally drained and buoyed all at the same time.'Bloody hell...' Harry sighed, collapsing back onto the bed. And he still had to say goodbye to Ginny…The train was due to leave Kings Cross at five o'clock that evening, so they all congregated before the fireplace a little before four. Whilst Mrs Weasley went around the room distributing sandwiches for the train, Harry and Neville made last checks of their bags, ensuring that they hadn't left anything. Naturally, as soon as they were happy, Ginny walked up holding Neville's wand.'Missing something?' she said with a grin, holding it out to Neville.'Thanks, Ginny.' he said sheepishly, shoving it into his back pocket. Harry estimated Neville had about five minutes before it fell out again.Mrs Wesley shuffled over, thrusting extra cheese and pickle sandwiches wrapped in brown paper at them. 'Have everything, dears?' she asked. Neville sniffed the sandwich experimentally, whilst Harry nodded at her.'Yes, thank you.' he said. With Neville distracted as he found space for the sandwich in his pack, Molly took the opportunity to favour Harry with a significant look. The implied meaning was clear, a follow up to his chat with Arthur. What Mrs Weasley had apparently missed was Ginny standing close by.As her mother moved on, Ginny pulled Harry aside, out of hearing of the rest of the room.'What was that about?' she asked in a low voice. Harry sighed, then explained briefly about his encounter with her father. As he came to a finish, Ginny seemed torn between annoyance and pride.'Did that happen last time?' she asked, her expression puzzled. 'I don't remember you telling me about it.'Harry shook his head.'Then why?'Harry couldn't help but laugh. 'Really? You don't know?'As Ginny looked up at him puzzled he laughed again.'Apparently you don't stop talking about me! And it seems you've mentioned my aunt and uncle enough to really worry them.''I don't...' Ginny blanched, then her cheeks went scarlet. 'Damn. Maybe I do.' she looked around the at her parents, who were once again discussing something in hushed but slightly annoyed voices on the far side of the room. 'Sorry. I'll try to be more careful.'Harry shrugged. 'Oh, I don't mind.' he looked across to Ginny's parents, and Arthur seemed to catch his eye for a second. 'It was nice to hear, even if I know that I can't take them up on it.''What do you mean? Of course you can.' Ginny frowned, 'You know they'd do anything for you.''Yes, I do.' Harry agreed. 'But it doesn't change anything. As much as I'd love to while away the summers here, I still need to spend time at the Dursley's to maintain the Blood Magic that my mother gave me. Without it, I'll die when Riddle destroys the Horcrux inside me.' he shuddered at the thought of the piece of Riddle hiding within him. 'And as for everything else... well your parents have enough children to feed and clothe without adding me to the mix.''You should still let them help, Harry.'Harry caught her gaze. 'You know I will.' he grinned, 'but trust me, I can deal with the Dursleys just fine on my own.'They left five minutes later, emerging at the Cat and Broom pub a slightly sooty party. This time, both Mr Weasley and Ginny accompanied them, and Arthur used the ten minute walk to the station to ask Harry some final questions about rubber bands that had been bugging him for the last few days. Walking beside them, uncaring about how obviously she was following Harry around, was Ginny, who had to put her hand in her mouth to keep from laughing a few times at her father's innocence.'...but I've also heard that you can get a 'rubber band gun', what's that?'Harry shook his head. It was like talking to his son James when he had been younger.Kings Cross was busy with Easter Sunday foot traffic, and although everyone knew where they were going, it took them longer than usual to get to the barrier portal. When they finally made it through, they had less than ten minutes until the Hogwarts Express was due to leave. Mrs Weasley collected them all together.'Well, thank you for coming. It was lovely to see you all.' she said, flustering as she looked around at the platform as children were starting to board the train en-mass. 'I hope you had a good time.''It was great.' Neville said quietly, and appeared shocked with himself for speaking out.Harry grinned. 'Yeah, we had a great time. Thank you for having us!''You're welcome any time, Harry.' Mr Weasley said kindly. 'You too, Neville.'The train blew its whistle, and they moved towards a carriage. Ron hugged his parents and avoided his sister, boarding the train first apparently eager to get back to school, which was something Harry thought he'd never see. Harry let Neville say his goodbyes first before stepping up and thanking both Mr and Mrs Weasley again.'I promise that I'll think on what you said.' he said to Arthur as Molly watched on. He allowed them to give him a quick hug each, feeling a little bit like a fraud, before turning to Ginny. She had no reservations in enveloping him in a hug. Harry thought he might have heard a passing fifth year wolf whistle.'I'll miss you.' she whispered in his ear. 'I love you.'Harry, who's head and mouth was clearly visible to Ginny's parents and the majority of the students hanging out of the carriage windows, was forced to reply less emphatically, lest someone lip-read what he said. 'I'll write.' he said simply.As he got on the train, leaving Ginny on the station for a second time, he felt a heaviness in his heart. He knew, for a certainty, that before he set eyes on his wife again, he would have to do the very thing that had battled against doing for his entire life. A thing that he had only intentionally done once.He had to kill.

Chapter 9 – Out of TimeThese exams, Harry and the rest of the first years were told in nearly every lesson in the first couple of weeks after Easter, would be key to their futures. The results would show them where their skills lay, where they were naturally talented, and where they would have to try harder.Of course, the majority of the first years completely ignored these warnings as the days outside started warming enough for lunch breaks to be held eating on the banks of the lake, rather than in the library. Most, with the exception of Hermione.'Is it two beetle eyes to one porcupine quill, or three?' she said as much to herself one morning over breakfast as she ate with one hand and turned the pages of her well-worn potions textbook with the other. 'And remind me later, Harry, to look up alternative wand movements for cheering charms... Professor Flitwick hinted that it might come up in the exam.'Harry exchanged an exasperated look with Ron. 'Hermione,' he said tiredly, 'you realise that you have two months before the exams?'The comment had the opposite effect to that which he had intended. 'You're absolutely right, Harry.' she said, abandoning her bacon and snapping shut her book. Slipping out from behind the bench, she said, 'I better look that up now, whilst I still have time.' She looked at the two boys expectantly, her textbook now under one arm. 'Well, aren't you coming?'Ron stared at her like she had grown an extra head. 'Two months, Hermione!''Suit yourselves.' she said with a huff, 'But don't blame me when you both fail!' and with that she practically ran out of the great hall, presumably towards the library.'Mad, that one.' Ron said sagely, shoving a fork-full of scrambled egg into his mouth. Harry nodded, amused. The magic that Hermione was concerned with might have been simple, but Harry had found himself impressed with her eagerness to learn. He had resisted answering her many questions in the interest in maintaining the ruse that he was just an average first year student, but every so often he had to hold himself back from trying to nurture her curiosity. The girl needed no help from him, he knew, but it was still challenging to stop himself wanting her to be best she could possibly be. Today however, he had his own problems.Quirrell, he had discovered, lived a very quiet life. For the last couple of nights, Harry had snuck out under the cover of his invisibility cloak to search for the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher. Wishing the entire time that he had the Marauders Map, Harry had managed to catch Quirrell leaving his office and had followed him through the castle to the DADA teacher's quarters. It was a short walk, through little-used corridors and one secret passageway that Harry hadn't discovered until the fifth year of his original timeline.A plan was starting to form in Harry's mind. If he was going to follow Ginny's advice and get Quirrell to attack him, he had to somehow entice him to do it. Insulting the man was unlikely to work, or if it did, it was a move so out of character for 11-year-old Harry, with Quirrell so well thought of around the school, that it was likely to raise eyebrows. It might even give Voldemort the idea that, somehow, Harry knew he had been there in Quirrell's head all along.No, the only way Harry could think of doing it was to make himself so juicy a target that Riddle would snap at taking the chance to rid the world of Harry Potter, and the only way to do that was to appear vulnerable and for Riddle to think he could easily get away with it. Quirrell's innocence was valuable to Riddle, and Harry knew he wouldn't risk it unnecessarily.Of course, killing a student would cause suspicion to be thrown around. Quirrell's meek persona might well put him above suspicion, but it would be a risk, and extra protection would be placed on the Philosopher's Stone, which was counter to Voldemort's aims. That meant timing would be important.The best time, Harry decided, would be to appear to Quirrell just before he attempted to steal the stone. The same day and after Dumbledore had been sent away, if possible. That way, Voldemort would have nothing to lose in killing Harry, as he could steal the stone probably before Harry's body was even discovered.The problem was, the path that Quirrell took to and from his office was short. Too short for Harry to set a trap. He toyed with perhaps ambushing Quirrell between his office and the great hall, the professor had to eat after all, but any route that Quirrell could take would be much too open and public. Except by chance, Harry couldn't see a scenario that would work.Harry jabbed at his baked beans with annoyance. Then there was the problem of appearing vulnerable enough to present an irresistible target to Quirrell. Short of throwing himself down a set of stairs, which might legitimately make him vulnerable, he couldn't work out a way of appearing genuinely so defenceless that it was worth the chance to for Riddle to have Quirrell kill him on the spot. The fact that his magic still wasn't strong enough to cast a proper shielding charm was a problem too.It was a frustrating problem, and one that had so far evaded him. The only thing that gave him any comfort was the knowledge that he had until the exams started to think of a plan, as Quirrell wouldn't make his move until then.Or so he thought.It was a couple of evenings later when, after a rather entertaining Quidditch match between Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw, Harry and his friends were once again sitting at the Gryffindor table in the great hall, eating their way through a feast as they recounted their favourite moments.'Did you see how that bludger caught Stephens?' Fred was saying loudly to anyone who would listen. 'It almost took his head clean off!'Ron nodded vigorously his agreement. 'It looked like his nose exploded!' he grinned from ear to ear. 'It was so awesome!''That's just horrid.' Hermione grumbled, her own nose buried in a textbook as was usual these days. 'I don't know why you're all so fascinated with that barbaric game.''You'll never understand, Hermione, unless you make the effort to play.' Harry said, conscious that he might have said something very similar to his son, Albus, not more than a year ago.'I don't play, but I like it.' Neville put in.George slapped Neville about the back forcefully enough to almost knock his face into his plate of mash potato. 'That's because you've got good taste.''It's because he listens to people like you.' Hermione mumbled.'It's because,' Ron said emphatically, 'Quidditch is the best sport in the world!'And that settled it, it seemed, as conversation turned quickly back to which of the particular injuries that occurred throughout the course of the match had been the worst. Hermione continued her dinner-table studies and Harry entertained himself by throwing dirty looks at Draco across the great hall. It wasn't until the dessert course was in full swing when the revelry was broken by the arrival of a tawny owl in the rafters. Even Hermione looked up.'That's unusual.' she said. 'Normally the mail comes in the morning.''It's a ministry owl.' Ron said after the briefest of glances. 'Dad has them flying in and out of the house all the time when he works from home.' he said as way of explanation under Hermione's gaze. 'I'd know one anywhere.''It's going to the headmaster.' George noted. 'I wonder what the ministry wants with him this time.'As Harry watched Dumbledore take the note from the owl's leg and read it with a puzzled expression, he realised that he knew precisely what it was that the ministry wanted. The note would ask that Dumbledore rush to the ministry on some important errand that couldn't wait till morning.The problem was – it was much too early.Dumbledore leaned towards McGonagall and said something quietly. He handed her the note and she peered at it, frowning.The original note, sent by Quirrell, had come at the very end of term. Harry had completed all of his exams, and it was only after Hagrid had given away how he had acquired Norbert's egg that they had finally worked out what had happened.With a nod, Dumbledore rose and left the Great Hall, using one of the smaller unobtrusive doorways at the teachers's end of the room. Harry looked along the line to where Quirrell was sitting, talking with Professor Trelawney. Watching closely, Harry saw the defence professor's eyes follow the headmaster from the hall, before he went back to his conversation. It might have been Harry's imagination, but he was sure he saw Quirrell smirk briefly – a look very out of character for the man.'Probably just another problem with the goblins.' Angela Johnson said from beside George. 'My Dad works in the Ministry's treasury department – seriously boring, I know.' she grinned, 'But he says that the goblins have been a nightmare recently, ever since that Gringotts break-in last year.''There was a break-in?' Hermione perked up. 'When?''Last September, just before term started.' Harry put in, shrugging. 'I only know because Hagrid and I visited my parent's vault the same day and I thought it was weird when I read it in the Prophet. Oh, we didn't see anything.' he added, noticing the inquiring looks from nearly everyone in earshot. 'Not that I would've noticed anything unusual, anyway. It was my first time in Diagon Alley, and I'd never seen a goblin before. Everything was unusual to me!'He put on a cheery smile and attempted to join in as conversation turned towards how horrid goblins were, a conversation that horrified Hermione, but behind his smile his mind was whirring.What had he changed? If Quirrell was acting early, Harry must have changed something more important than he realised. Had the duel in the forest where Harry, Ron and Hermione had saved the unicorn affected things? Perhaps, without the sustenance he would have received form the unicorn blood, Voldemort had been forced to move up his plans. It was an oversight that Harry kicked himself for not foreseeing, although he couldn't see how he might have avoided it either. If they hadn't defended themselves, any one of them might have died, along with the unicorn.But how did this change Harry's own plans? He still hadn't come up with a way of getting Quirrell to attack him, and without a plan in place, the only other method of preventing Quirrell from getting the stone was the old fashioned way. Getting himself through the 3rd floor corridor labyrinth and facing Quirrell in the mirror room. Harry considered himself to be an accomplished and skilled wizard, but the thought of running that gauntlet by himself seemed daunting, even if he knew precisely what he'd be facing, and although he knew and remembered taking Ron and Hermione through the gauntlet the first time, he just couldn't bring himself to put them in that position again. They were both only eleven years old, after all, and reminded him too much of his own children. The thought of putting James, Albus or Lily in the same room as Fluffy made Harry's stomach turn.Movement up at the teachers' table caught his eye as Quirrell finished his conversation with Professor Trelawney and stood from the table. The professor nodded shyly towards Professor McGonagall as he passed her, stumbling briefly on some unseen obstacle before he made it to the same door that the headmaster had used minutes before. Harry had to hand it to Quirrell, he was exceptionally good at assuming the unsuspecting and bumbling persona he had created since returning from Albania. As the sole person who had seen Quirrell's true unmasked personality, it was hard to reconcile the two. The man was a talented actor.Harry itched to raise himself from the table and rush to the 3rd floor corridor, but forced himself to remain in place for the time being. Quirrell wouldn't move immediately, Harry told himself. The professor would need to wait until Dumbledore had actually left Hogwarts's grounds before making his attempt on the stone, plus Harry's abrupt departure from the table halfway through dinner would raise eyebrows. Dessert would be served in five minutes or so, at which point Harry could excuse himself a lot more easily.And so the minutes ticked by as Harry's skin crawled. He attempted to join in with the conversation again, it having turned back to the recent quidditch match once more, but the task ahead of him took all the fun from it, and he couldn't concentrate on anything that was being said. Something must have shown on his face, as Ron remarked loudly at how ill Harry looked.'It wasn't that bad an injury, Harry.' the boy said, taking Harry's pale face as a sign of squeamishness. 'I've had worse flying at home.''Yeah,' Fred chimed in, 'Last year he flew his broom into the side of the shed!' he said, eyes full of glee. 'He broke his leg in two places!''It was magnificent.' George agreed, 'Bones pointing every-which-way.'Harry winced. It was a story that Ron had never told him, not even in the original timeline, but given how proud Ron was about his flying ability, and how haphazard his technique was, it didn't surprise him either.Ron sighed heavily. 'I spent the night in St Mungo's whilst my leg fixed. Mum fed me the Skele-Gro herself.''Bet she enjoyed that.' Fred said with a grin. 'Taught you a lesson though, didn't it?''Yeah,' Ron agreed, 'Never trust you or George for flying tips!'Angelina Johnson laughed. 'Isn't that just a given? How you two don't fall off your brooms every time you fly is beyond me.''It's beyond us too, Angelina.' Fred said, somewhat proudly. 'But you don't question genius.'Hermione looked like she was about to object to the corruption of the term 'genius', but at that moment the desserts manifested themselves on the table and all conversation lapsed for a couple of minutes as the students dug in. Harry scooped himself some pumpkin ice cream and ate it as quickly as he could. The resulting brain freeze was as good a warning as he was going to get with regards to rushing into things too quickly.His bowl empty, he slipped out from under the table. 'I need the toilet.' he said to Ron and Hermione as way of explanation as they looked his way. Ron was only halfway through his first piece of apple pie, and Harry knew his friend would look to have at least one additional piece before returning to Gryffindor Tower. 'I'll see you back in the common room.''Wait a moment, Harry. I'll come with you.' Hermione said. The girl rarely ate dessert, a hangover from being raised by dentists. Harry kicked himself.'I'm going to the bathroom, Hermione.' he protested desperately. He couldn't have her tagging along, but even as he watched she was collecting up her textbooks and swinging her legs out from under the bench.'Don't be silly, Harry.' she chided. 'I can still walk with you back to the common room. The bathroom there is just as close as any of the others.That wasn't technically true. Harry knew a shortcut that led to a bathroom within twenty paces of the Great Hall, but he hadn't discovered that route until his fourth year, and as a result hadn't revealed it to his friends just yet. Her argument was, to the majority of those present, bullet proof, and Harry wasn't quick enough to think himself around it.The next second she was standing next to him, clutching her books to her chest. 'Well, let's go then.' she said, impatiently waiting for Harry to move.Without any other options available to him, Harry waved goodbye to the table and started the familiar path back towards Gryffindor Tower, Hermione in tow. His mind raced as he tried to come up with an excuse to divert off track or double back, but nothing came to mind that Hermione wouldn't immediately shoot down as idiotic or expose immediately as a lie. As the Fat Lady came into view Harry couldn't help but glance down at his watch. How much time had passed since Dumbledore had been summoned? How long ago had he left? Was Quirrell at the 3rd floor corridor already?'Tangleroot.' Hermione said as they approached the Fat Lady's portrait. The Fat Lady smiled kindly at them as she swung open and Harry followed Hermione over the threshold and into the warmly lit common-room. A few students had evidently either skipped dinner or left early as they were dotted about, either singly or in pairs, working on homework, playing gobstones or, in one case, sitting close enough together on a sofa that Harry felt uncomfortable even looking at them.'Right, well.' Hermione said, plonking her books down on a coffee table loudly enough that the two lovers were startled out of their activity. 'I'm going to work on Professor Flitwick's assignment.' she said, pulling quill and ink out of thin air, 'When you're finished upstairs you should join me.'Harry sighed. He had hoped that perhaps Hermione was planning an early night, but if she was doing homework then she was likely to be up for at least a few hours. There was only one thing for it.It was time to get his father's old invisibility cloak out.The 3rd floor corridor was deserted when Harry arrived. With the invisibility cloak secured around his small frame, he patrolled the area for a few minutes before working up the nerve to check on Fluffy. The large three headed dog sniffed curiously at the door as it cracked open, but Harry was able to confirm that there was no musical instrument in the vicinity of the trap door, which was secured under one of Fluffy's oversized paws. Quirrell hadn't arrived yet.That gave Harry a bit of time to plan. He was certain that Quirrell was on his way, despite the fact that it was too early in the timeline. The thought that perhaps Quirrell was testing to see if a false summons would get Dumbledore out of the castle went though Harry's mind, but he decided quickly that Dumbledore wouldn't fall for the same trick twice, and that Quirrell was smart enough to know that. Once the owl had been sent, Quirrell had forced his own hand. He would have to act now, or risk alerting Dumbledore to his plans.So, Quirrell's attempt would be soon. Harry estimated that Dumbledore would be diverted by only an hour or two, depending on how convincing the summons was, and at least thirty minutes of that had passed already. But how could Harry interrupt the professor? Harry's plan hadn't changed. He still thought that confronting Quirrell and have him attack Harry before entering the 3rd floor corridor was the safest and most efficient way of dealing with the problem. All Harry had to do was get the man to touch his skin, and his mother's blood magic would take care of the rest.But how to do that? Harry had been racking his brain for months now, and he hadn't come up with a plan he was entirely happy with. Still, Harry did have a little more information than before. At this time of day he knew the direction that Quirrell would approach from – his office. The Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher's office was on the 2nd floor, and thanks to Harry's intimate knowledge of the castle's layout, he knew that Quirrell was likely to use a particular secret passageway to reach the 3rd floor. The passage was hidden behind a tapestry only a couple of paces from Quirrell's office, and emerged from an alcove housing a suit of armour in sight of Fluffy's door. The passage itself was tight, and Harry considered surprising the professor inside it, but there would be little chance of escape if anything went wrong, and he quickly dismissed it.However, that didn't mean that Harry couldn't be waiting for Quirrell at the top of the passage. The 3rd floor was off-limits to students, even the parts on this side of the locked door, so Quirrell would be forced to 'deal' with Harry. Whether that was by escorting him to another part of the castle such as the Gryffindor common room, or perhaps Professor McGonagall's office, or trying to somehow take Harry out, it should at the least delay Quirrell, and perhaps give Harry an opening to lay a hand on Quirrell's exposed skin.It wasn't the best plan, there were plenty of things that could go wrong, but as time ticked by and nothing else came to him, Harry settled down in the alcove beside the secret passage to listen for Quirrell's approaching footsteps. With sweaty fingers, Harry gripped his wand, frantically trying to decide how powerful a spell he trusted his body to produce if pushed. It had been a while since he had really tested his spell power capabilities and Harry thought that perhaps an extra 6 months of growth might have helped strengthen him a little. It had been something he had planned to test in the coming month, but Quirrell's advanced plans had scuppered that.Harry's mind drifted off as he ran through increasingly absurd possible scenarios when he was jerked back to reality by a sound. Footsteps were approaching from the hidden passage. It was Quirrell. It had to be.Getting to his feet, Harry retreated into the corridor and removed the invisibility cloak, stashing it safely in the leg of a suit of armour. Wand in hand he waited, just out of sight of the hidden exit, for Quirrell to emerge.And emerge the professor did. Walking confidently, his own wand in hand, the Professor strode from the alcove and directly towards the 3rd floor corridor's locked door. Harry didn't hesitate, and threw his weight at the man, glancing off Quirrell's surprisingly solid hip as he made contact. Harry went flying, landing hard on his wrist. Pain jolted up his arm, causing him to lose grip on his wand. It skitted away across the flagstone floor, well out of reach.Well, that had been disastrous.'What?' Quirrell cried, somewhat angrily. 'Watch where you're going!' he said, his tone of voice completely different to that which he had affected for the entire year. Gone was the stuttering and hesitation, replaced with cold confidence.'Sorry, Sir.' Harry said automatically. He clutched at his wrist, fearing that it may have broken, but it seemed relatively in tact. Perhaps just a sprain. 'I didn't see you.'Quirrell, it seemed, was in no mood for excuses. 'What are you doing here?' he demanded. 'This corridor is off-limits to students.''Sorry, Sir.' Harry repeated. 'Got lost on my way to the common room. I was just leaving when you...''Enough, Potter!' Quirrell snapped, his voice echoing down the deserted corridor ominously. It was a command so at odds with Quirrell's usual demeanour that even the Professor seemed stunned for a moment.'It matters little what brought you here.' he continued, 'But I will not turn down a chance so opportune as this to do what I failed to do before. Goodbye, Harry Potter.'Harry's eyes widened as Quirrell rounded his wand on him, and a familiar spell started forming on Quirrell's lips. This was it, the end of the road. Harry had miscalculated, and so soon too. In desperation Harry raised his hand and shouted, 'Flipendo!'There was a loud bang and Harry felt the warmth of a passing spell on his cheek. The stone floor beside him seemed to explode and Harry was flung to the side. Dazed, he looked around and was surprised to see Quirrell getting to his feet a few meters away. The Professor seemed shocked, although otherwise unharmed, and his angry gaze soon fixed on Harry's prone position.A snarl erupted from the Professor's lips and he made to step towards Harry, but he suddenly stopped, his attention turned elsewhere. Harry's own ears were ringing, so he could only speculate, but the explosion had been loud, and it was likely to have drawn anyone nearby. He watched as Quirrell sneered at him and then stride quickly over to the locked door, leaving Harry behind. Bruised, ears ringing and vision somewhat blurry, but alive.Harry had almost regained his feet by the time the footsteps that had chased Quirrell off arrived, and Harry was surprised to see Ron's already lanky frame appear from around the corner. The boy's wand was in his hand, as was Neville's, who appeared at his shoulder.'Blimey!' Ron exclaimed, looking at the cracked flagstone. 'Told you it wasn't another troll, Neville.'Neville seemed to sigh with relief at the sight of a deserted corridor, his wand lowering, before he noticed Harry getting to his feet. 'Hey, who's there?' he called into the darkness.'Hi, Neville.' Harry groaned as he bent down to retrieve his wand. It was undamaged, and Harry tapped it to his wrist, which immediately felt better. 'Fancy seeing you two here.''Harry?' Ron said, 'What are you doing here?'Harry scratched the back of his neck. He hadn't accounted for this. 'Hi Ron. Nothing much, just out for a stroll.''That's a lie!' called a voice from behind Ron and Neville. Harry groaned as Hermione's frame came into view. 'He snuck out of the common room under his cloak!' she said, eyes narrowing as Harry went to argue with her.'I saw your foot leave through the portrait, genius.' she admonished, before Harry could say anything. 'I had little choice but to try and follow you.'Harry looked at his friends, wishing there was an easy way to explain everything, but knowing there wasn't. He was keenly aware of the fact that Quirrell was now ahead of him. He'd have to get rid of them quickly.'I don't have time to explain now.' he said, turning from them and heading towards the door that Quirrell would have undoubtedly locked behind him. 'Just go back to the common room. I'll explain everything later.'Naturally, Ron completely ignored him, and instead jogged to catch up.'Not likely.' he said. 'This is the 3rd floor corridor, and you know something about it! I want to know too.''We should all go back to the common room!' Hermione pleaded. 'Harry, why are you even here?'Harry ignored her and flicked his wand at the door, attempting to cast Alohomora wordlessly in his haste. It failed. Waving his wand again, Harry tried a different unlocking charm, but it failed too. He stepped back and shouted 'Bombarda!' and the corridor was suddenly enveloped in a cloud of woodchips, stone dust and the smell of burning. As the dust settled, it was clear that the lock had been completely obliterated.Rushing through, a sleepy Fluffy raised her three heads in Harry's direction. He flicked his wand at the harp Quirrell had used to calm the Cerberus and it started to play a rudimentary but melodic tune and Fluffy's eyes drooped and then closed.'Merlin's beard!' Ron swore as he entered the room behind Harry. The volume of his voice caused one of Fluffy's heads to snarl in a sleepy way, but it didn't stir further. Harry shot Ron a warning look and the boy nodded his agreement to keep quiet.Hermione appeared a moment later. 'A Cerberus...' she whispered. 'What's this doing in a school! Harry, what the hell is going on?!'Eyeing the trapdoor, Harry paused to consider his options. Quirrell had gone. It was an opportunity lost, but all things considered it seemed that his friends' arrival might have been a little bit more than fortuitous. His mother's magic might still protect him, but who knew what would have happened if Quirrell had had a second attempt at killing him. A panicked wandless spell wasn't likely to have worked a second time.No. Quirrell had escaped Harry's trap, or perhaps it was the other way around, but there was no rush now. Quirrell was once again ahead of him, and if everything went as the last time they had done this the traitorous professor would get stuck in the mirror room just like before.He had some time, but what options were open to Harry now? Harry considered trying to send his friends away again, but the prospect seemed unlikely given that they had now seen Fluffy. They might agree to leave if he went with them, he supposed, but that couldn't happen. He didn't have that much time.As much as the idea pained Harry to admit, there seemed only one thing that Harry could do.'It's Quirrell.' Harry said breathlessly, 'Professor Quirrell. Professor Dumbledore is storing the Philosopher's Stone at the end of this corridor. It's been here all year because Dumbledore thinks someone's trying to steal it. I know who that is now! It's Professor Quirrell!''The Philosopher's what?' Ron exchanged a lost look with Neville, who shrugged. Luckily, Hermione was up to speed in no time.'The Philosopher's Stone, Ron.' she explained slowly, as if trying to solve a particularly tricky puzzle. 'I've read about it. It's a legendary substance that's said to create the Elixir of Life.''I've heard of that!' Neville put in. 'It's a really powerful healing potion. But, what would Quirrell want with it?' he pondered, 'Is he sick?'Harry snorted. 'You could say that.''But that doesn't make any sense!' Hermione protested. She protested so loudly that one of Fluffy's not entirely small eyes blinked awake for a moment. All four children paused, holding their breath until the soothing harp music put the Cerberus back to sleep. When Hermione continued, it was somewhat sheepishly.'If Professor Quirrell was sick, and Dumbledore had access to the Elixir of Life, I'm sure he would let Quirrell have it. There's no reason he'd have to steal it.' She shook her head. ' And anyway, how do you know Quirrell's trying to steal it. How do you even know what's being kept down here?' She eyed Fluffy wearily.'Yeah!' Ron chipped in. 'And why didn't you tell us?'Harry sighed. He might have some time before Quirrell could get his hands on the stone, but he didn't have nearly enough time to explain everything properly. Plus, if he started explaining what was really going on in too much detail, he might accidentally reveal other secrets that they couldn't possibly find out about. Not yet, at any rate.And yet, there was no way that they were going to let him get away without any sort of explanation now.'Dumbledore.' he said, finalising a lie in his head. 'Last week he got called away to the ministry, but he thought it might be a diversion. As he was leaving the castle we passed and he asked me to check on the third floor corridor every so often, especially if I saw him leaving the castle again. He explained what was being kept here, but not who was trying to steal it – he said he didn't know. You all saw Dumbledore was called away this evening, so I was on my way up to check when Quirrell attacked me.''It that what he was doing?' Ron exclaimed, 'I saw Quirrell had his wand out, but I thought that he was healing you or something. Not attacking! He's the DADA teacher for Merlin's stake!''It was a bit weird, how fast he disappeared when we arrived.' Neville admitted.Hermione wasn't convinced. 'But, Professor Quirrell? Ron's right, he's the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher! If, for whatever reason, the headmaster has the Philosopher's Stone in the castle, Quirrell should be protecting it, not stealing it!''On the surface of it, I realise that it might not make sense, Hermione.' Harry acknowledged, 'but it's happening. And with the headmaster away at the Ministry, someone's got to go down and stop Quirrell getting that stone.'Ron scoffed. 'And that someone's you?''Yeah, Ron. It's me.' Harry snapped, frustrated beyond measure. All his planning, his decision to keep his friends out of it, all now ruined.There was a moment of silence where only Fluffy's surprisingly loud breathing could be heard. At some point, the harp had stopped. Harry flicked his wand and it started up again.'Not without us.' Neville said eventually, his voice soft but forceful.'Nev...''No, Harry. Neville's right.' Ron interrupted. 'I don't know why Quirrell wants that stone, and frankly, I don't care. But if you're going up against him, you're going to need some help.' He fixed Harry with a steely gaze. 'Hermione?' he said, without looking at her.'Ron, I…' she faltered. 'We'll could be expelled!'Ron shot her an angry glare.'But, of course, I'm in too.' She conceded.Harry raised an eyebrow at the girl and she shrugged. 'We've already broken into this room. I can't see how much more expelled we can get. And anyway, you might need someone with more than three braincells.''Hey!' Ron shouted, loud enough to draw a sleepy growl from all three of Fluffy's heads.As the music put the massive dog back to sleep, Hermione crossed her arms in satisfaction. 'I think I've proved my point.'Harry thought, for a split second, of refusing their help. They were only kids, after all, and it was a miracle that none of them had been seriously hurt the first time. But he realised that he wanted them there. They were, at the end of the day, the closest thing he had ever had to real family, and it was the adventures like these that had cemented those relationships.'Fine.' he said, 'But be careful. There's no knowing what protections the teachers might have put on the stone, and Quirrell is the DADA teacher. He's not going to be a pushover.''Harry.' Neville said seriously. 'We're eleven. No fully grown wizard is a pushover for us.'Harry grinned. 'Good point. Let's go.'

Chapter 10 – Into the CorridorThey opened the trapdoor quietly and jumped into the darkness beyond. Harry went first, forcing himself to relax as the Devil's Snare wrapped him it its vines. He hit the floor below before the next person had even jumped and prepared his wand. The second to jump was Hermione, who panicked a little, but not as much as Ron, who landed next to her and proceeded to scream his head off. Neville, who jumped last, was the first to recognise the plant, and between he and Hermione they worked out that relaxing would release them. Moments later the pair of them landed on the cold stone floor beside Harry.'Having fun?' Harry asked, rubbing his knee where he had landed awkwardly.Neville coughed, a little winded from the fall. 'More than he is.' he flicked his gaze up to where Ron was starting to yell incoherently. Harry tried to suppress it, but a grin spread across his face.'Devil's Snare hates fire, isn't that right, Neville?' he said, nodding up at the hanging knot of vines. Ron's foot had poked through and was thrashing about violently. 'Hermione, you're good with fire.'Hermione nodded. Getting to her feet she drew her wand and summoned the cool blue flame that she favoured. Holding it up to the struggling vines they quickly retreated, releasing Ron who fell to the floor gasping and, once he'd caught his breath, swearing profusely.'Who's bloody idea was it to stick a ruddy great man-eating plant below a ravenous three headed dog!' Ron raged as he got to his feet. Drawing his wand he fired a hex at the plant, which recoiled before whipping a vine down at him in retaliation.Neville shrugged. 'Madame Pomfrey's, I'd guess. Pretty smart too, actually. The plant softened the fall from the trapdoor.''Yeh, and then nearly ate us!'Hermione rolled her eyes. 'Get a grip, Ron. We need to catch up with Professor Quirrell.''Hermione's right.' Harry agreed. He pocketed his wand and strode towards the single door in the room. 'Let's go.'The next room was just as Harry remembered it. Madam Hooch had created a swirling whirlwind of flying keys of all shapes and sizes, and supplied them with simple school broomsticks. Harry took one and launched himself into the air, on the search for the one key with a broken wing.'Brass.' He heard Hermione say from below as she inspected the next door's lock mechanism. 'Probably quite big and old.' Ron had the same idea as Harry and had joined him in the air, and then there were two searching.Ron spotted it first. Taking a swipe at it he almost fell off his broom, to a shriek of concern from Hermione. Once Harry had it in his sights however, it didn't take long to capture, at which point the other keys attacked. A few minutes of batting angry keys away from their faces, and with a few more bruises dotted around their bodies, and the four children stumbled through the heavy wooden door and slammed it shut behind them. Hermione pulled a stray key from her hair and stamped on it until it stopped flapping its magical wings.'I've got a new respect for Madame Hooch.' she admitted.The room beyond was bare, except for the troll that lay slumped against the far wall. Harry wondered how Quirrell had managed to convince Dumbledore that he had nothing to do with the troll break-in at Halloween when he obviously had such an affinity with them. Perhaps the troll that had gotten loose was the one from this room...'Is it dead?' Ron said eventually, the first brave enough to approach.Neville stepped up beside him and poked it with his wand. 'No. It's still breathing.''Well don't wake it up!' Hermione whispered harshly. By now she was inspecting the next door. 'Fighting one troll a year is more than enough for me. This door is open already, let's go.'They piled through the door and into the massive chessboard, which looked more like a battlefield than a scaled up version of a popular after dinner diversion. Bits of destroyed pieces, of both colours, scattered the alternating black and white marble floor.'Oh, cool!' Ron exclaimed. He walked up to the black queen and investigated the detailing. 'This is so cool!''Do you think we have to play?' Neville said as he walked between the pieces on their side of the board. 'There are pieces missing.''Maybe they were lost in the game Quirrell played.' Hermione suggested.'We'll take their places.' Harry said, stepping into a vacant bishop's space. 'Ron, tell us what to do.'Ron blinked his surprise. 'Me?''You are the best one of us at chess.' Neville said with a shrug as he stepped into place within the line of pawns. 'Just, try not to play too aggressively. I have a feeling this might be a little too much like real wizards chess.'Indeed, it was exactly like wizards chess. Within five moves, two pawns had been completely obliterated, and a knight had been decapitated along with his horse. Harry watched the game with no small amount of concern. He had planned to play himself, but that had been when he was doing this alone. He knew Ron was still his superior at chess, even as this young age, but there were more spaces missing that in that original game, and more damage that could be done.After many nerve-racking minutes of play, where Hermione got a cut above her eye from a piece of flying marble that had once been the arm of a rather brave but reckless bishop, Ron managed to put the opposition king into check. Harry scanned the moves ahead to make checkmate and sighed. He had hoped to avoid this, but it seemed that some things were destined.'Ron...' Neville, it seemed, had spotted the problem too.'What?' Hermione said, frantically trying to work out what they had seen that she had missed. 'Ron? What's going on?''It's okay, Hermione.' Ron said softly. He shared a look with Harry that expressed the exact opposite feeling. It was also a look that said he knew that it had to be done. 'It's the only way. When Neville makes his next move, the white rook will move to cut him off, at which point I'll move to put the king into check again.''Then we win?' Was Hermione's hopeful reply.Harry grinned, and for a moment Ron grinned back. Hermione had always been terrible at chess.'No. The queen will take my piece, but then you can move and checkmate the king. Harry will tell you where to go.''But, Ron!' Hermione's voice was a little panicked. 'No! When it takes you...''He'll be fine. Hermione.' Harry said soothingly, although he was trying to reassure Ron and himself as much as her. 'Obviously, Flitwick and McGonagall set this trial up. They wouldn't make something that could seriously hurt anyone.''And I suppose the three headed dog would have stopped at a little light mauling, would it?' Hermione asked sarcastically. The tone was completely out of character for her, and showed just how distressed she was being out of her comfort zone.'Trust me, Hermione. Harry's right. I'll be fine.' Ron nodded reassuringly. 'Okay, Neville. Take one pace forward. Let's get this over with.'The rest of the game played out exactly as Ron had predicted. Ron seemed to take a little delight in smashing the opposition rook to pieces, and then went flying as the white queen swooped in to counter the move and remove check. With Hermione's scream still ringing in his ears, Harry instructed the distraught girl to move forward three squared, at which point she put the white king into check for the final time. With a clatter, the king's sword fell to the floor as he conceded the match, and with a soft click the door to the next room opened.Of course, nobody took any notice as all three children who remained standing rushed to where Ron was lying prone on the marble.'Ron!' Neville was the first to reach him. With a grunt of effort, he turned Ron over and leant his ear close to Ron's chest. 'He's breathing!' he exclaimed.Harry sighed with relief. The nagging thought that perhaps last time they had just gotten lucky had been lurking in the back of his mind. He supposed it would still be there until this was all over and Ron was up and being Ron again. But for now, Harry still had a job to do.'Neville, stay with Ron.' Harry called out. 'Hermione, we need to keep going.'Hermione's concern for Ron was clearly expressed on her pallid face, but she complied. 'We'll be back as soon as we can.' she said to Neville.The boy nodded fretfully. 'Please do.'The door on the far side of the chamber was unlocked, and Harry and Hermione pushed through it with no problems, except that as they cleared the doorway a purple fire erupted from the floor behind them, barring the way back. Similar flames appeared before the only other door in the room, towards the mirror chamber. Hermione shrieked in surprise, but recovered quickly.'Blimey.' she said softly, 'We really shouldn't be down here, Harry.''A bit late for regrets now, Hermione.'The room beyond was smaller than all the others, but Harry knew the test that Snape had set up here was potentially the most dangerous. Arranged neatly on a low table were a collection of seven vials of different shapes and materials. Beside the last vial a parchment had been placed, on which, Harry knew without looking, a riddle had been written. He also knew that three of those seven vials held poisons that would kill them, and for the life of him, Harry couldn't remember which vials were which.In his defence, whilst his memories of this day were vivid, they were now more than 25 years old. Technically, the memories were older than he was.Harry found himself secretly relieved that Hermione had come through with him. The first time around it had been she who had decoded the riddle, and although Harry was confident that he'd have a good chance at working out which potion to drink, Hermione had already proven herself capable of overcoming the challenge. When it came to ensuring neither of them poisoned themselves, it didn't pay to take chances.Hermione read the parchment aloud and within moments she had isolated the two potions they would need.'This one,' she said, holding up a small clear vial, 'will allow us to go through the fire blocking that door.' she nodded in the direction of the mirror chamber. 'But there's only enough for one of us.''I'll take it.' Harry said immediately. There was no chance he was letting Hermione go ahead alone. 'You take whichever potion allows you to go back and help Neville get Ron to the infirmary. You'll have to use the brooms to get yourselves up through the trapdoor, and don't forget about Fluffy.''Shouldn't we wait for you?' Hermione asked, reaching for a larger purple vial. Harry was relieved to see that there was plenty of potion inside this one, should he need to use it after her.'No.' Harry replied, trying to inject as much confidence into his voice as he could. 'I'll go in there and make a nuisance of myself. Quirrell wants to steal the stone, but I can't see him actually going through me to get it.' he lied. Hermione hadn't seen Quirrell's attack on Harry in the corridor earlier, and to Harry's mind she was likely to accept the fact that a Professor would do a student no harm without question.Hermione nodded. 'Stall him for as long as you can.' she said, 'and we'll go get some help.''Thanks, Hermione.' Harry said, swigging the clear potion in one gulp. It felt like ice going down his throat, before the feeling spread to his extremities. He shivered. 'See you in a bit.' he said.'Be careful, Harry.' Hermione called as he approached the door. 'Don't take any risks!'Harry grimaced as he stepped into the flames, relieved as they lapped at but failed to harm him in any way. It was already too late for that.The room beyond the door was larger than Harry remembered it. A vaulted ceiling hung above a wide and featureless room that housed one object, the familiar Mirror of Erised, placed in its dead centre. Pale sunlight streamed in from narrow slitted windows, glinting off the gilded metal frame of the mirror, making Harry realise that he'd only ever seen it at night. It seemed smaller and less impressive in the cold light of day.With a jolt, Harry realised that he wasn't meant to be alone in the room. Quirrell was in here somewhere, along with Voldemort, and there was only one place they might be hidden. A moment later Quirrell's tall form, made taller still with the turban atop his head, rounded the mirror, peering intently at the etched words in the frame.'I see it…' he mumbled to himself, or perhaps his master, 'I see it, but I do not understand…'Harry crouched and tried to slink quietly into a window alcove. He had lied to Hermione, as in truth he had no intention of stalling Quirrell at all. If anything, he needed to take care of the man before any teachers could be summoned, or he'd miss his chance. However, that didn't mean that he couldn't take stock of the situation first. Perhaps he could simply sneak up on Quirrell whilst the man's back was turned, or just lunge at him bodily. There were enough options that it was worth taking his deciding the best course of action.Of course, whilst Quirrell was entirely focusing on the Mirror, he wasn't the only dark wizard in the room, and as Harry attempted to move silently across the stone floor, a cold rasping voice filled the chamber.'We are not alone.' it said.In an instant Quirrell had turned, his wand already outstretched towards the intruder. His eyes widened slightly as he recognised his adversary.'Harry Potter?' he said, his face lighting up with delight. 'Why, twice in one day! You're making a habit of being in places where you're not permitted.''Professor Quirrell.' Harry said, realising that despite the fact that he had little respect for the man, he couldn't bring himself to call him anything else. He straightened and adjusted his grip on his own wand, ensuring that Quirrell could see it in his hand. Harry's power might not be sufficient to actually duel Quirrell successfully, but perhaps it would make the professor think twice before making any moves.'Professor Dumbledore asked me to check up on you.' Harry lied. Realising, belatedly, that he couldn't reveal everything he knew immediately. Quirrell might not survive this encounter if all went to plan, but Voldemort certainly would. Harry would have to watch what he said even more closely than normal to ensure he didn't give away any information he didn't want Riddle to know. 'He's been on to you for months now!'Quirrell scoffed. 'So Dumbledore sends not only Snape, but students to do his spying now, does he?' the man laughed, a hollow and bitter sound. 'A great mind, indeed. Students see all and gossip more, but in this instance a miscalculation. He will regret sending you to spy on me, at least.'In an instant, Quirrell's demeanour changed. Standing taller, he shouted an order. 'Come here, Potter!'Harry tried to raise his wand, but whatever magic Quirrell had used was quick, and it was powerful. Harry's arms snapped to his sides and he flew across the stone floor to stand rigid beside Quirrell, facing the mirror.'Now, before I turn you into a lesson for the Headmaster to wallow in despair over, I have a task for you. Take a look into this mirror, and tell me what you see.'As much as Harry was loathed to follow Quirrell's instructions, with his body in a full bind and nowhere else to look, Harry was forced to watch as his reflection smiled and waved happily back at him, looking much smaller and weaker than Harry's own mental image had formed of himself, especially when stood next to someone of Professor Quirrell's impressive height. He half expected to see his family standing around him again, but as nothing materialised beside his mirror-self, he considered that perhaps the mirror had broken in some way.Then her realised his mistake. Right at that moment he wanted nothing more than Quirrell's demise. Harry saw only his and Quirrell's reflections, but then the mirror Harry winked at him and reached up to touch the bare hand Quirrell had placed on his shoulder, causing the man to turn to dust.Notably, there was no Philosopher's Stone in sight.It made sense, Harry decided, because Harry had no real desire to possess the stone. He knew the protections Dumbledore had placed on it would keep Quirrell from getting access to it indefinitely. In fact, the last thing he wanted was for the stone to magically appear in his pocket, where Quirrell could take it from him.'Well?' Quirrell said, impatiently shaking Harry. 'What do you see?''I see… I see myself with my family.' Harry said softly, concocting a lie on the spot, 'And I'm older. I've won the Quidditch Cup!''He lies!' said the otherworldly voice again, and Harry's scar suddenly started burning. He gasped, the jolt breaking whatever magic had been holding him in place as he slumped to his knees, hands flying to his forehead.Quirrell grabbed Harry by the back of his robes and lifted him to his feet. 'The Stone, boy!' he growled, 'Where is the Stone?'Harry tried to reach for Quirrell's hand, but a swift flick of the professor's wand forced Harry's limbs to his sides once more.'What stone?' Harry asked, 'I don't see a stone!''The Philosopher's Stone, boy!' Quirrell snarled. 'Don't play dumb! I don't believe that Dumbledore would enlist your help without telling you what was at stake!''I detect no lie.' Voldemort's voice said, sending another dagger of pain shooting through Harry's scar. 'He is ignorant, just as Dumbledore wishes his servants to be.''Your words are truth, my lord.' Quirrell said to the air, 'But if the boy is ignorant, what is our next step?''I will do what I failed to all those years ago.' Voldemort said softly, 'Release the boy, Quirinus, and let me face him.'Quirrell, for the first time, seemed to shrink a little at the order. 'But, my lord, you are not yet strong enough…''Silence!' Voldemort's voice said, magically amplified and immediately halting Quirrell's words. The pain in Harry's scar flared and he dropped to his knees again. Harry had forgotten how painful his scar could be. 'This I must do myself.'Quirrell took one last look at Harry, his expression a mixture of fear and loathing, before turning away from him, unwrapping the purple turban around his head as he did so. Harry, from his knelt position on the floor, watched with a mix of curiosity and horror as the event played itself back as if from his own nightmares. As the purple silk wound down, it slowly revealed more and more pale and sickly looking skin, until suddenly recognisable features revealed themselves. A thin, evil looking mouth, stunted ears that had melded and intertwined grossly with Quirrell's own, slitted eyes, and where a nose should have been, only two holes in the skin. It was a hideous approximation of the face that Voldemort would return to some day, and all the more terrifying for it.'Harry Potter.' The face said, red eyes gleaming. 'So, this is the boy that claims credit for my absence?''It is, my lord.' Quirrell said. 'A boy much undeserving of the praise.'Voldemort's face made an approximation of a smile, but it pulled and stretched his features in odd ways and it made Harry feel ill to look at.'For years, I have heard your name, Potter.' Voldemort said, 'The boy who 'defeated' the Dark Lord.' Voldemort laughed, although the sound was not joyous or pleasant in any way. It sounded bitter and cruel. 'Such lies. If only they knew.''They will, my lord!' Quirrell said breathlessly. 'Soon, they will all know the truth!''Silence, Quirinus!' Voldemort barked, and the man wilted once more. 'I have no use for sycophants!Be sure, once I regain my body, that I still have use for you.''Y-you will, my lord!' Quirrell's voice shook as he spoke, 'I-I have contacts still! Please! I am your loyal servant!''Your loyalty stretches only as far as your lust for power!'Voldemort snapped. 'Do not make the mistake of thinking that I cannot see your true motivations. You are a worm, Quirinus. Now, be silent, or your end will be as swift as Mr Potter's.'Quirrell's body was rigid with fear, his shoulders twitching, but he complied. Voldemort returned his attention to Harry, who knelt upon the stone before him.'So, Harry Potter, it lies with you.' he said, a grin stretching across his approximation of a mouth. 'What delightful symmetry, that the boy-who-livedshould be the one to return me to my body.''I won't!' Harry cried defiantly, trying desperately to ignore the burning sensation of his scar and regain his feet. It was challenging. Voldemort's physical proximity seemed to amplify the pain, and made deliberate muscle movement sluggish. 'You can't make me!'Finally, Harry managed to get his feet under him, and one thought occupied his mind. He needed to touch Quirrell's skin before this went any further. Voldemort wasn't strong enough to survive without either his servant's body, or the elixir of life, and he could get rid of one of them right now.'Oh, don't be so sure!' Voldemort said.At that moment, Harry lunged forward, throwing his weight at Quirrell's back. A surprised cry went up from Quirrell, and then a pained one as the pair hit the flagstone floor hard. Harry's hands frantically searched through the fabric of Quirrell's cloak, trying to find access to the man's skin. A sleeve, an edge, the collar. Anything, but it was as if the professor's cloak had taken on a life of its own and was fighting back. The more Harry struggled, the more he seemed to get nowhere.With a final cry of annoyance, Quirrell rolled Harry off of his back, and Harry hit the floor heavily. He swore as he watched Quirrell get back to his feet. Opportunity missed.'Bad decision, Potter.' Quirrell snarled, drawing his wand. Harry scrambled to summon a protection spell as Quirrell advanced, but they both paused as a billowing black shape, accompanied by a moist chill feeling, filled the air between them.'No!' Voldemort's voice said, and Harry realised with horror that the black shape was the Dark Lord. 'Potter is mine!'Harry tried to turn away, but he barely had time to flinch before the dark shape lunged at him, hitting him square in the chest.Harry was thrown back. He felt his shoulder and head make contact with stone, but his thoughts were elsewhere, rebelling against a presence that had violently inserted itself before them. Pain shot through every fibre of his being. It was like the crucio curse, but amplified by the abhorrent blackness of the being that had entered what felt like his soul. He screamed, but more shockingly, so did someone else.It felt like minutes, but in reality only a fraction of a second had passed before Voldemort's ethereal being was violently ejected from Harry's body. With a gasping breath, Harry regained himself, feeling as if his entire body had just been dunked in ice-cold water. Shaking, twitching, and with the taste of blood in his mouth, Harry struggled to sit up and take stock of the situation.Quirrell hadn't moved. The professor still stood before him, wand out, but the man's expression was one of shock. Harry looked around for Voldemort, and for a moment was puzzled to see no trace of the dark wizard. Was it over? Had Voldemort's soul been banished once again?Harry's brief elation was cut short as a piercing shriek filled the air, causing both Harry and Quirrell to cover their ears. Harry's scar flared to life once again, but it barely registered when compared to the experience he had just endured. He watched, horrified, as the black mass of Voldemort's remaining soul appeared, pouring around the Mirror of Erised like a malevolent black mist. It was ethereal, but it writhed violently, as if parts of it became briefly solid and made an effort to break free, only to be dragged back in. It was sickening to even look at.With another shriek, it lunged suddenly at Harry, malevolence rolling off of it in palpable waves. Harry raised his wand desperately, but he knew he was too late, and too weak, to protect himself. He braced himself for more pain, closing his eyes and turning away.A loud noise, like a clap of thunder, echoed around the chamber, and Harry flinched. He yelled, expecting pain, but none seemed to come. Confused, he opened his eyes.A flash of light and a crack similar to a whip caused him to flinch again, but this time he comprehended what was happening. There were others in the chamber. Adults. Teachers! Harry sighed with relief as he recognised the tartan cloak of Professor McGonagall and the long black robes of Professor Snape. They had their wands out, sending curses around the room as the black mass of smoke that was Voldemort darted evasively about.With another ethereal scream, Voldemort's form flew at Quirrell, but the man ducked, fearful. McGonagall sent a spell at the swirling mist, but missed, hitting Quirrell in the chest instead. The man crumpled to the floor, unconscious. Streaking away, Voldemort flew at the open door. With a flick of his wand, Snape attempted to close it, but was too late.Voldemort had escaped.'What in Merlin's name was that?' McGonagall gasped. 'Severus, have you ever seen the like?'Snape, composing himself, surveyed the room carefully, taking in the sight of the mirror with distrustful eyes. 'Some sort of lethifold, perhaps?' he said, 'Although, I sensed a much darker aura from it than I would expect from a dumb creature.''Darker than a lethifold?' McGonagall gasped. 'I dare not think on it, and Quirrell? What's he to do with all this?'She too had been surveying the room, and was the first to spot Harry, who had managed to scramble towards the unconscious Quirrell. Harry pressed his hand against the bare skin of Quirrell's neck, but without effect. Without Voldemort's corrupting presence, Harry's touch could no longer harm the man. The chance to kill Quirrell was lost.'Mr Potter!' she exclaimed as Harry got shakily to his feet. 'Would you care to explain yourself? What is happening here?'Harry started to mentally prepare a lie, but an untimely intervention from Professor Snape saved him the effort.'I doubt this is the time for questions, Minerva.' the bat-like professor said, swooping down to check on Quirrell's prone form. 'We can't be sure that thing is gone. We best remove ourselves.' he locked his dark gaze upon Harry's.'Answers will come later.' he said, his voice dripping with the implied threat that Harry wouldn't dare hold anything back from them.McGonagall sighed and nodded. 'Indeed, Severus.' she said, throwing a worried look at the door through which Voldemort had escaped. 'Come, Harry. To the infirmary with you.'As McGonagall placed a supporting hand under Harry's arm, Harry tried to feel relieved. He had survived, again, and that was a good thing. He had stopped Voldemort getting hold of the Philosopher's Stone, and that was great too. However, as he watched Snape use his wand to levitate the unconscious but still living body of Quirrell, he felt his heart sink.The timeline would never be the same again.
