Title: HP: UnspeakableRating: PG-15Chars: Harry, Neville, Hermione, Ron, Ginny, Luna, CroakerSummary: The head of the Unspeakables makes Harry an offer to train and help him after Sirius is killed. He finds life isn't quite like he thought it would be.(A/N: This is an idea I've wanted to pursue for a while and I've finally written it. There is action, but it's not action oriented like many of my other stores. There is also no pairing until the Epilogue because the story doesn't need it, but I decided to add one to wrap things up. For those that care, it's a very minor character so not something you see very often. I'll add her to the story character list when I post the last chapter. I have added an Omake with another character for those that want a different ending. The first draft is complete and weighs in at about 140K-words over 14 chapters.)HP: Unspeakable[Wed, 1996 Jun 19]He walked around his department and looked things over, shaking his head more often than not. The destruction of various experiments and artifacts, not to mention the many prophecy globes, pained him.Of course, the reason for it all was even more gut-wrenching and spurred him into action. They'd been betrayed, plain and simple. Augustus Rookwood, who'd escaped from Azkaban earlier this year was the one he was sure.Fudge had not helped matters, with his insistence on reducing the Auror force over the years. Really, only one guard in the Atrium at night? That made it far too easy to break in.In a moment of pique, he consider that he was at least slightly to blame as well. When Rookwood had been found to be a Death Eater, he should have change the security system in the Department of Mysteries, but he hadn't. Since he didn't like his culpability, Rookwood was a good target for his anger and the man would pay – at least if he had anything to do about it.One thing that had changed since Rookwood had gone to prison fifteen years ago was the addition of recording devices that had been added to all the room in inconspicuous ways. They were there for safety and to be able to see what had gone wrong in an experiment, not for security. Their use today was a fortuitous side-effect. He collected those and put fresh ones in their place as he walked around on his survey.Shaking his head yet again at it all, he entered his office. As others were picking up and trying to restore order, he started looking at the recordings.Several hours later, he rolled his shoulders to try to relieve some of the stiffness he'd accumulated then leaned back in his chair. That not being comfortable enough either, he stood and paced around his cramped office slowly.Rookwood had used all the old methods to get in, since they hadn't been changed since his time. As for the battle that had occurred in his domain, there were a few significant things that stuck out to him.First, the kids had done quite well against the Death Eaters, surprisingly well, or perhaps surprisingly lucky. That girl who'd almost been gutted by Dolohov had been the luckiest. Their luck went even further when he considered that they were limited to fourth and fifth year spells. He supposed some of the reason for the good showing was because the Death Eaters had held back, perhaps at the Dark Lord's insistence – that was speculation though. Honestly, it should have been a blood bath with at least five corpses if not six.Second, he was impressed with Harry Potter. The kid was a born leader. He'd also generally kept his head during it all; the two small exceptions were when Sirius Black had fallen thru the Veil of Death and the girl had almost been gutted. He could also tell Potter was magically powerful, definitely above average. All good traits and when put together a winning combination.The boy was also an orphan, wasn't he? It was said Dumbledore looked after him, but after some of the rumors he'd heard in the last few years, well, maybe that wasn't so true. Then again, he also knew why the battle had happened here and he knew what was in the prophecy orb; it was in their book, as were all the others that were broken. That got him a little angry again though he didn't blame the students.Knowing what he wanted to do, he locked up all the recordings and then left his domain for the upper floors. He knew Fudge wasn't going to do anything useful and Dumbledore wasn't much better, so he might as well do a little research to verify some information and then take care of a few things himself. The Department of Mysteries normally didn't involve itself in politics, but this wasn't a normal time. Again, he knew what the desired prophecy said as he'd looked it up an hour ago.At least he had a few days to research a several things and plan.[Sat, Jun 29]Harry Potter was in his room at the Dursleys trying to figure out what he should do now that he had been vindicated in his claim that Voldemort was back. He was having trouble deciding because of lack of information. He'd only been back a single day and found to his consternation that his subscription to the Daily Prophet had been canceled by someone else, or at least that was the only explanation he could think of for it failing to arrive this morning. Probably the Order of the Phoenix's or more likely Dumbledore's doing he thought with a sigh.When the doorbell rang, he perked up and went to his window and looked out. It was about dusk, but he could still just see the front door if he stuck his head completely out. Doing so, he saw an older man in a stylish dark suit that Uncle Vernon would have loved to have owned. He thought it was a bit weird he was wearing a top hat, like a Muggle magician might.Listening carefully, he heard the door open and his aunt. "Good evening. May I help you?""Yes, I'm here to speak with Harry Potter.""There's no one here by that name," his aunt answered with a sniff.Harry almost shouted down that he was here, but the man said, "Please, Mrs Dursley. I have his address from our records and there is magic on and around this house, though I'd rate it Dreadful, hardly worth having actually. Still, it tells me I have the correct house. So may I please come in and talk to him or," the man's voice dropped so Harry almost missed it, "do I need to force my way in. For I will have a conversation with him."The man walked forward out of sight and into the house, probably because his aunt had backed up.Harry almost panicked. The man was definitely a wizard, but was he a Death Eater? Also, what did he mean about magic around the house? Was that the protective charm Dumbledore mentioned in his office last week? Did the man's entry mean the protections weren't really working or that the man didn't mean him harm?Grabbing his wand, he looked around and tried to find some place to hide. While his closet might do, it wouldn't let him see the door, so he pulled his trunk to the other side of the small room, stood it up on end, and crouched behind it. All he could do now was to hold his wand tightly and try to be ready for anything.A long moment later, he heard footsteps on the stairs before a light knock on his door and a muffled, "Mr Potter, I'd like to speak with you."Harry dithered for a moment before he asked back, "Who are you?""My name is Croaker. I'm from the Ministry. It might surprise you, but I mean you no harm. I just want to talk with you for a few minutes. It would be to your advantage to speak with me, perhaps even greatly."That intrigued him and his curiosity finally let him say, "Very well, come in, but slowly and no wand out."The door knob turned and the door did open slowly. There stood the man in the dapper suit and top hat. He looked to be about McGonagall's age. "May I come in fully so that we may have a private conversation?" He didn't seem to be alarmed by Harry's position or the end of Harry's wand generally pointing his way."All right," Harry acquiesced but didn't move from his spot.The man closed the door and then looked around the room. "I think everyone would be shocked to know that you lived here and had these meager accommodations." He looked at Harry and smiled slightly. "If you'd like, I'll help you leave here.""I would like that but why would you help me?" Harry was suspicious. After all, the man was from the Ministry and Harry knew Fudge didn't like him."Perhaps I should start at the beginning. I will need to cast a few spells for privacy and I'd think you'd want to make yourself more comfortable. I know my knees wouldn't find squatting over there to be all that pleasant."At his questioning look, Harry nodded but stayed where he was. He watched the older man pull his wand out slowly and wave it around the room with a mutter before he silently conjured a comfortable looking chair. "Would you like a chair too?" At Harry's nod, the man conjured a second, though it left little free room now, then he put his wand away as he sat."Go ahead, I won't bite or hurt you. At worst, you won't like what I say and I'll leave. I do promise I won't harm tonight or ever if I can avoid it."Deciding he had little choice, Harry came out from behind his trunk and took a seat in the surprisingly comfortable chair, though he laid his wand in his lap. "All right, what did you want to talk about?"The man took his top hat off, revealing thin wispy white hair, and set his hat in his lap. "My name is Algernon Croaker. You have come to my attention mostly because of your actions of late. I am the head of the Department of Mysteries."Harry gripped his wand a little tighter, not sure of what spell he'd use if he had to do something."Please relax, Mr Potter, you're not in any trouble. Yes, you were involved in a difficulty in my department last week, but I do not blame you. A large dollop of blame can be laid at the feet of a former colleague of mine named Augustus Rookwood, a little on Minister Fudge, probably more than a little on Albus Dumbledore too, and I'm sure the majority on the current menace known as 'The Dark Lord' by some. You were a victim of circumstances, or so it appears to me. Would you agree?""Yes, I was drawn there.""May I ask how?"Harry considered that and what he wanted to let out."If it helps you," the man said, "everything between us is totally confidential. You could tell me you killed one of the Death Eaters with a Killing Curse, though I know you didn't, and I wouldn't tell the Aurors or anyone else – I promise.""Why?""To extend the hand of trust. Also," the man smiled for a brief moment, "I really don't care about the law all that much or you could say it doesn't care too much about me or my group. That might be important to you some day.""Why?""Let's return to the story before I answer that. How were you drawn to the Department of Mysteries?" The man's gaze didn't waver."I had a vision of my godfather being tortured there," Harry said sadly. "I couldn't find a way to contact him so I had to go see if it was true or not and rescue him if it was true.""Why didn't you just take the Floo?""Didn't have access to one. The only working one I was aware of was in the Headmaster's office and it was locked," Harry answered."There are several public ones in Hogsmeade."Harry opened his mouth to retort and then closed it. He'd been stupid. Then he remembered something. "None of us thought of that," not even Hermione he added to himself."It hard to remember everything sometimes. So how did you get there? Knight Bus?""No, we didn't want to be seen, so we rode Thestrals," Harry said."Ingenious, I wouldn't have thought of that, though I'm sure that took a long time. Obviously, you entered via the telephone booth. I know what happened down in my department. What happened when you chased after Bellatrix Lestrange?""I tried to stop her but didn't. Didn't really matter though because Voldemort was there. Dumbledore arrived too and there was a fight. He possessed me for a short bit but then left me and the Ministry. Dumbledore sent me away shortly after." Harry shrugged as if none of the other details mattered."I see," the man said. "I'd be grateful if you'd share that memory with me one day. Now, do you know why you were really lured there?"Harry nodded. "Voldemort wanted the prophecy, but I broke it and no one heard it."Croaker looked at him for a long moment. "But you know it now anyway, don't you - especially since it was given to Dumbledore? You look as if the weight of the world is on you."Harry nodded again."I can understand as I've read the transcript of it, but you do realize it's a very vague prophecy with multiple possible endings, right?"Harry looked up as if he'd been slapped. "But it says by my hand.""Sure it does, but that can go several ways. Look," Croaker leaned forward, his elbows on his knees and holding his hat in front of him. "I'm sure you and Dumbledore are thinking it'll be some big duel with spells ending with one of you dead. Maybe it will or maybe it won't."By his hand could mean you slip him some poison, maybe even while someone else holds him down." Croaker chuckled. "Ahh, I can tell by your surprised look you never even considered getting help where you just administer the last stroke, but it would fulfill it. It could also be fulfilled because you had to agree with something and just signed your name to a contract or something where someone takes care of him after that – that would be by your hand too."Are you following my meaning here, Harry?"It took Harry a handful of breaths to work thru that. "Err, I'd never considered that.""It's good to have multiple people working on something like this." The man sat back again. "Harry, I want you to know that I highly respect Albus Dumbledore, he's served the Wizarding World well for many decades. I will also say that like the rest of us Albus Dumbledore has a few large faults."The ones that affect you are his lack of empathy; he will make great plans without considering the cost to others. An example of that is your living here, which we'll discuss in a moment. His other great fault that affects you is he thinks he's always correct and he can do it all. That means he keeps secrets to himself and tries to go it alone, secrets that he really needs to share and work with others on. Your prophecy is such an example."Now, I can help you with that, but it will take a decision on your part." Croaker paused and looked at him."What?" asked Harry as his thoughts caught up with all that had been said."I will offer to train you and help you deal with a Dark Wizard that wants you dead. I will also help you out of here so you never have to live here again. There is a requirement on your part though." Croaker leaned forward again."What?" Harry asked warily."You will join my department as an employee, with pay. You will also agree to work for us until five years after the Dark Wizard known as Voldemort is put away for good, or until your death, whichever comes first. However," Croaker smiled genuinely, "I believe you'll kill him and live, especially with our help.""I, uh, really?" Harry was truly – knock me over with a feather – surprised. It had looked so hopeless to him since he'd learned about the prophecy."Yes, really," Croaker echoed and sat back with his smile not diminishing for a moment. "However, I will need an answer very soon, preferably tonight.""So, I won't live here and I'll work for the Ministry?" He snorted. "Multiple people won't like that, both things.""Do you really care and how bad do you want to win?" Croaker asked calmly and not flippantly."No, mostly I don't care what they think because it's my life and I really would like to live. Where would I live?" Harry wondered."With your godmother's family, whom I now believe you were never told about. You'll be able to do magic there too, and it's the home of a classmate of yours.""With who?" Harry asked, still struggling to work all of this out in his head."Actually it's 'with whom'," Croaker grinned, "but to answer your question, Alice Longbottom is your godmother, so that's why it's with her family and not with her.""I'll live with Neville?" Harry was incredulous and surprised he had a godmother."Yes, my great-nephew. He's been a bit pampered by his grandmother, or my sister, but he's growing into a fine young man. I was actually quite pleased with his performance in your adventure.""Are you the one who threw him out of a window to see if he had magic?" asked Harry before he could stop himself, but he didn't retract it either because he wanted to know more about the man.Croaker sighed. "Guilty, but please understand that I also put a spell on him to protect him before I did that. Even if he hadn't exhibited magical ability he wouldn't have been hurt."Harry wondered if this was still a good idea no matter how much he wanted to leave the Dursleys. There was another issue though. "Would they be safe if I was there? Voldemort likes to come after me.""Yes, you and they will be safe," Croaker told him. "I figured out how they were attacked after they had to go to St Mungo's and I've closed that hole plus a few others. I've also strengthened the wards there over the years. No place is perfectly safe, but I promise you that if anyone attacks, they will have a very difficult time getting in and at least a few of the attackers will not survive the experience."That made Harry feel better. "How would it all work?""Well, you'd have a choice in how you want to do this, actually," Croaker explained. "At first I thought that you'd train with us full time this and next summer while returning to Hogwarts for your last two years and be part-time while in school, coming to work on the weekends. However and better, you also have the option to leave school and come work with us full-time starting this summer. You can do that since you've finished your OWLs."Harry just blinked for a moment, unable to wrap his head completely around the idea. "You mean I don't have to return to Hogwarts?""Not if you don't want to. That does assume you've passed at least five OWLs, which I'd be surprised if you didn't. I can't tell you the final results because they haven't been tallied yet.""I probably didn't pass Astronomy or History of Magic, but I'm fairly sure I passed the rest," Harry replied."You'll probably get an Acceptable on Astronomy due to the special circumstances, or so the rumors say. Yet, even if you don't I'm sure you'll have the five required to leave because of your other courses.""But, what about my classes, my NEWTs?" Harry protested. "Wouldn't I need those to work there?""You can take your NEWT exams whenever you want, or any year you want. You don't have to be a student at Hogwarts. As for your classes, what classes are you likely to have that will help you stay alive in your fight with a certain Dark Wizard, hmm?" Croaker gave him an amused look."Defense, Charms, Transfiguration for sure," Harry replied. "And..." He stopped, not able to come up with any others now that he had to think about using them."Yes, those are the only ones, but I think we can help you with those; I have other employees who can tutor you. Concerning Defense, I'm not so sure about that one being all that helpful. You've not had good teachers for three of your five years there, and one of those was a Death Eater I've learned. The odds don't look good for you to have a good teacher for that course this year either."Harry snorted. "Crouch Jr actually did a good job since he had to impersonate Moody. But what about Charms and Transfiguration?"Croaker sighed. "Professors Flitwick and McGonagall are very good, but if those are the only two good teachers, isn't the rest of your time there wasted? Also, I'd expect you to sneak away on weekends to work with us by training and doing research. It's possible to do, but I'm sure Dumbledore won't like it and he will figure out what you're doing. It would be better for everyone, including you, to just come work for us full-time; although I'll probably have to list you as a part-time employee and then give you over-time pay because of your age. A bonus is that you'll learn a lot faster that way too.""Madam Longbottom would let me live there?" He wondered aloud."Yes, I've asked her. I haven't spoken with Neville, but you'd have to keep what you're doing secret from him, or at least mostly. You can tell him we're teaching you new spells, but not much more until we can find some innocent project for you to work on that can be talked about.""Research sounds more like something for Hermione," Harry told him."We might make Ms Granger an offer after she finishes Hogwarts, but you can't tell her that as it might not work out."Harry nodded. "I understand. Can I think about this? I've never thought about not returning to Hogwarts?""You may, but do consider you don't have to have an answer for Hogwarts now. You have all summer for that. The question is if you want real help in training and in fulfilling the prophecy." Croaker sighed and frowned for a second."Mr Potter, I dislike speaking ill of Albus Dumbledore when it's only a guess, but you should also consider that he probably won't train you any more than he already has, instead relying on your normal class's instructors. Since he's known about the prophecy since before you were born, he should have done quite a bit over the last sixteen years. Yet, I'm unaware of him doing anything beyond a few inquiries. Are you aware of anything?"Harry looked down and thought hard. "No," he said finally. "He only told me about the prophecy after Sirius was killed."Croaker's eyebrows shot up. "I see. Well, I said it's your decision and I stand by that. It's Saturday evening; I'd like an answer by Monday evening if you would. You can send your owl," he nodded his head towards Hedwig, "to me, Algernon Croaker. Don't give any details, a yes along with your name will be good enough. If I don't hear from you I'll assume a no."The man stood. "If you decide no, I wish you well and I'll come have another conversation with you if you live through the coming war. I was impressed with your showing last week and that's why I'm here, but I won't coerce you into this. If you do this it will be because you want it. It will be hard work, as anything worthwhile is, but I know you can do it if you want to."He removed his chair. "Do you want to keep that chair?"Harry blinked, surprised by the question as he was trying to figure out the offer. "Yes, I'd like to if you don't mind.""Remember, by Monday evening, or let's say Tuesday morning since owls like to fly at night. Have a good evening, Mr Potter."Harry watched him leave, closing the door behind himself. He heard a short shout from downstairs and then nothing. He stood and turned off his light before returning to the comfortable chair to think in the mostly dark room.Leaving here? That was an easy decision. Working for the Ministry? That was hard because he didn't respect most of them, then again Croaker implied the Department of Mysteries, the Unspeakables he knew, didn't fully answer to the Minister; that made the offer much more acceptable. He wanted to be trained and had to agree Dumbledore hadn't done it over the last five years. He supposed his adventures were a training of a sort, which made him wonder if Dumbledore had done that on purpose or if it just looked that way if he squinted just right.Leaving Hogwarts and his friends? That was the really hard one. He had to agree that leaving the school every weekend would be difficult at best and probably next to impossible after the first few times.There was no doubt some people would be very upset, starting with Dumbledore. Then there were was Hermione and Ron, she more than he or so Harry thought. That made him think of Ron's mother, who'd probably be upset with him. He couldn't think of anyone else who'd be upset – disappointed sure, but not upset.Harry continued to think and fell asleep in the chair.In the morning, Harry found he had a crick in his neck but was otherwise still comfortable. A wizard who could conjure chairs this well could teach him a lot he thought.After changing clothes and going to the bathroom, he headed downstairs. He grabbed some cereal and sat down at the dining table, the rest of his family already there with a normal full breakfast. He would have preferred having what they did, but knew he should count himself lucky to get a bowl of cereal."Boy, you need to cut the grass today, front and back," his uncle told him off-handedly as he continued to look at the Sunday paper.While most people would have considered that rude, and it was, it was actually one of the better interactions with his uncle. It was probably because of the conversation from the Order; Harry wondered how long this would last. "Yes, Uncle, I'll start immediately after breakfast."His uncle grunted an acknowledgement without looking at him. He noted that his aunt and cousin ignored him – studiously.When he finished eating, he put his empty bowl in the kitchen sink before going to the garage. Filling the mower with petrol, he opened the big door and pushed it out, walking to the edge as he liked to start near the street.He almost tripped when he kicked something invisible that also gave an "Umph!" and smelled like a stale cigar and other things he couldn't guess and probably never wanted to know about. It wasn't hard to guess what was going on after last summer. "Fletcher!" Harry hissed quietly, "get out of the yard or I swear I'll run over you with this mower and if it cuts something off I won't shed a tear."He was still upset with the man for not being here last summer when the Dementors came. Honestly, he didn't want people here watching his house and his every move when he was outside, but if they were going to be here, then they should protect him.As he mowed, without hitting Fletcher who'd moved, he considered his life some more. Being rid of Dumbledore's Order might be good too. It was blindingly obvious last night that if he took the offer and left Hogwarts, that he'd be cutting his ties with almost everyone he knew for the next year or two, the exception being Neville whom he'd see only in the summers and the Christmas holidays. That was, of course, unless some miracle happened and he killed Voldemort sometime in the next year. He snorted at how unlikely that was.[Mon, Jul 1]It was Monday morning and Harry knew he had to make a decision today. Actually, he considered that he probably already knew what he wanted to do, but didn't want to admit it to himself.As he dressed, a small owl flew into his room. Securing his pants so they wouldn't fall down on him, he managed to capture the owl, gently so as not to hurt it, then set it in front of Hedwig's cage so it could get a drink. He knew better than to set the other owl on Hedwig's perch and his owl's look confirmed that idea.Looking at the short letter from Ron, he sighed as he reached the end. Holding up the letter in front of Hedwig. "Looks like it will be the same this summer. They've been told to leave me alone and he'll see me at the end of August. Some friends," he said as he shook his head. His owl just looked at him.Since Ron's owl was done drinking, he picked it up and sat it on his window sill. "You can go back when you like." The little creature hooted and took off towards the trees.Heading down for breakfast, he arrived to find his aunt putting away breakfast. He headed for the pantry. "Where's the cereal?" He asked when he couldn't find it."Dudley ate the last bit. You'll have to wait until lunch since you came down late. Your uncle left you this list of chores to do today," she told him.Harry looked at the list and how many things were on it. He found himself shaking his head yet again. His mind now made up, he set the list down and turned to leave.Before he could exit from the kitchen, his aunt said, "You forgot your list.""No, I just decided not to do it.""No dinner for you then, no lunch either if you don't even try," she scolded him."Doesn't matter, I don't plan to stay here anymore. I have other places to go," he told her."Then why haven't you gone there in the past?" she asked accusingly."Because Dumbledore insisted I return here, but I just don't care what he says anymore. I'll be gone by tomorrow morning at the latest." Harry turned back again and left this time. He noticed his aunt looked very thoughtful.Upstairs, Harry found a piece of parchment and scribbled, "Yes. Be careful, there will be someone under an Invisibility Cloak in the front garden. H.P."His owl looked at him, blinking slowly. "Hedwig, I know you prefer the nights, but would you be willing to take this now? It will mean we get to leave here and not come back, ever."It took a moment, but Hedwig held a leg out. Harry tied the note on. "You need to find Algernon Croaker. He works at the Ministry, but it would be better to go to his house if you can find it. I don't know that the Ministry would let you in."She gave him a soft sound, so he picked her up and set her on the window sill. "Thanks, Hedwig. You really are the best." She gave him another soft sound and then took off.Deciding he should go ahead and pack, Harry put his trunk on his bed and opened it. It wasn't until he turned around to grab some things to put in it that he realized Croaker's chair was gone. That was unfortunate, he thought, but it had lasted something like twelve hours. Harry wasn't sure how long he could make a chair last, but he could try this summer.Soon, he was packed and ready to go and it wasn't quite lunchtime yet. He was getting hungry though. Since he had a little Muggle money, he fetched it out of his trunk and decided to go find lunch on his own.As he left the house and started walking down the sidewalk, he heard, "Psst, Harry, where are you going?"He slowed but didn't stop. "Remus?""Yeah.""I'm going to find lunch since they won't feed me. You want to come?" Harry kept walking slowly and heard soft footsteps behind him."You're not supposed to go that far from home.""Well, they're not supposed to starve me, but that's the way it is. Are you coming or not?" Harry challenged him knowing the man couldn't cast spells to stop him as Muggles might see him."Wait a moment after you turn the corner. There's a place I can take this cloak off and join you," Lupin requested.Harry did as asked and he didn't have to wait long.A harried Remus Lupin joined a moment later. "I wished you wouldn't do this," the man told him again.Harry shrugged. "We rarely get what we want, or so it seems to me.""Are you doing all right? You know, with..." Remus couldn't seem to finish.Harry waited a bit to answer, their steps sounding loud to him on the quiet street. "Mostly. I get angry and sad about it at times, but I've recognized I can't do anything about it. It took a few days, but I've also figured out that I'm not at fault, despite what happened. It was Voldemort's and Dumbledore's fault.""I understand the first, but why Dumbledore?" Lupin queried."Because he distanced himself from me instead of telling me what was going on. He could have told me about the prophecy when I ask why Voldemort was after me years ago and he didn't. He also had Snape try to teach me Occlumency and that seemed to open me up to the visions even more, not make them stop. Then of course he abandoned the school so he wasn't there when I needed him and now Sirius is dead.""He was forced out," Lupin said."Defend him all you want," Harry returned, "it doesn't change the facts. I'm tired of the topic and there are our choices." He pointed to the restaurants in the distance they were walking towards. "Do you have a favorite or one you want to avoid?""Any are fine. Do you have money or am I buying?"Harry chuckled. "I have enough money, or at least enough for my lunch. How about a burger? I haven't had one of those in a long time since the Dursleys don't feed me when we go out either."The conversation stayed light after that, for which Harry was grateful. He also bought some food to take with him – just in case. Lupin left him just before he reached the Dursleys. Harry headed for his room and decided to stay there. It was probably the best place to avoid his relatives.— — —Just before dinner time, Hedwig returned with a note. Harry took it and the owl immediately flew to her perch and put her head under a wing. "Thanks, Hedwig," he said softly.Opening the note, he saw, "Thanks for the warning, 9pm."Pleased, Harry opened the bag of food he'd brought with him and ate, staying in his room except for when he had to go to the bathroom. At least they hadn't locked him in to prevent that.After dinner, Harry heard his uncle stomping up the stairs. He readied his wand and prepared to do a Stunning spell.His uncle banged on the door with is fist. "You worthless, good for nothing bastard, you can stay in there forever since you didn't do any work." Three locks were turned in succession.Harry thought it was good he'd relieved himself recently. Croaker would have to get him out.— — —Watching out the window, Harry saw a very faint flash at about the place where he'd kicked Fletcher when he'd mowed. A few seconds later, the impeccable suit and top hat were seen again and the man walked towards the front door.Before he could knock, Harry leaned out the window and said, "I'd come meet you but I've been locked in my room and I don't want to … uh, get myself out because I know Fudge would cause bad things would happen.""Probably wise, I'll be up shortly." The man knocked on the front door.Harry pulled himself back and looked around the room one more time. He'd already cleaned out his hidey-hole under the bed and another check showed he had everything. There was just him, his trunk, and Hedwig in her cage.There was shouting downstairs for sure, but it cut off abruptly. A moment later the locks on his door clicked and the door opened. "They actually do lock you in, the barbarians," Croaker said incensed.Taking a deep breath to calm himself, the man shrunk Harry's trunk to the size of a small box. "If you'll get that and your owl, I need to take care of a few things before I go. I suggest you wait by the front door." Croaker left the room and Harry followed with Hedwig's cage in hand, the bird waking as he walked.Downstairs Harry was amazed to see all three Dursleys unconscious on the floor. "They objected to me coming to get you so I stunned them. I'll be back in a few moments." A wave of his wand and the three Dursleys moved so they were stacked and Croaker levitated them up the stairs.A moment later, there was a short screech that sounded like his aunt before it was quiet for a full minute.When Croaker returned, Harry had to ask, "What did you do?""First, I had your aunt sign this form." He held a folded one up before putting it in his pocket. "It wasn't too hard to persuade her that it would be in her best interest to sign it."I also thought that if they could lock you in there, then they deserved the same. It's not like it's hard to get out with a window there, though I did seal that so they can't open it normally until sometime tomorrow and they'll have to break the glass then jump down. Or maybe they'll just break the door down, which will be a little harder since it opens inward." Croaker shrugged. "Not my or your problem. I also made them forget a few things like me stopping by."Shall we go? We can't Apparate or Portkey from in here, so we'll need to head towards that park nearby. I saw a walking tunnel that should be a private enough place to leave from."Harry couldn't help his smile at the thought of what Croaker had done. He wished he could be here to see them realize they were locked in the room – at least as long as he wasn't caught.He followed the man out. Croaker stopped by the end of the driveway and bent down. When he stood, he pulled a silvery clothe up, exposing a sleeping Mundungus Fletcher. "Looks like someone dropped an Invisibility Cloak. I think finders keepers applies. Off we go."Harry couldn't stop his chuckle now, though he kept it soft. A few minutes later, they were alone in the tunnel and Croaker pulled out something that looked like a popsicle stick, or maybe a tongue depressor. He touched it and Croaker touched his wand to it and they were gone from Little Whinging.They landed in a gravel driveway. Harry stumbled but managed to keep from falling this time. Hedwig squawked loudly and he shushed her.Croaker said, "This way. Don't worry, she'll be fine. I've also never seen an owl who liked Portkeys, if that makes you feel better." He knocked lightly on the front door of a large manor house.A moment later it was opened by a house elf who waved him in. As he walked in, the elf said, "I will take your owl to her perch." The little guy grabbed the cage from Harry and popped away before Harry could speak."Don't worry," Croaker said as he closed the door, "she'll be fine."The elf returned and said, "Leave your trunk there and follow me." Harry put his small trunk down as asked.It was a big house and richly decorated. They walked into a room with many chairs and paintings in it. It also held one of his dorm mates and his grandmother."Uncle Algie? Harry? What are you doing here?" Neville was the first to notice them.The woman rose gracefully. "Algie," she said casually before she stood in front of Harry. "Mr Potter, it's good to meet you like this instead of from a distance.""Madam Longbottom, it's good to formally meet you," Harry replied, hoping that was correct. "Also, thank you for allowing me to come here."She waved his comment away like a bothersome fly. "It is of no consequence and you probably should have been here years ago anyway; so it was easy to tell Algie yes. Please, take a seat and join us." Her grandson still looked shocked. "Close your mouth, Neville and take a seat as well."Croaker pulled out the folded form and handed it to her before he took his seat. "I know this is a surprise, Neville, but Mr Potter needs a new place to stay for now. Also, I'm going to be taking him with me to learn some new spells, which he can show you if he likes.""You're giving him training?" Neville asked, not looking like he understood."In a manner of speaking. He's requested some help and I'll be giving it to him," Croaker said. "I may do some of the training here, in which case you're welcome to join if you want, at least as soon as your grandmum has bought you a new wand." He smirked at the woman, who gave him a piercing look of disapproval at his joking."Neville," Croaker said more seriously. "I would ask that you not pester your friend about things he doesn't want to share. He has secrets as we all do.""This is about what happened at the Ministry week before last, isn't it?" Neville queried. At Croaker's nod, Neville glanced at Harry and then nodded, "I understand.""Very good," Croaker said as he stood. "Take tomorrow to get adjusted here and I'll be back to get you at 7am on Wednesday morning. Oh, I almost forgot." He pulled out his wand and shot a spell at Harry."I didn't feel anything. What was that for?" Harry asked, a little confused about the spell."It's an owl repellant spell, or a mail-owl diversion spell if you prefer. Now, only the owls here, yours and ours, will be able to find you. That means you won't be bothered with letters by people who would try to find you to take you back. Have a good evening." Croaker turned and left."I love my brother, but he is so exhausting at times," Lady Longbottom said. "I assume you're aware of this?" She held up the form, though now unfolded."No, ma'am.""Your aunt gave up her guardianship and it assigns your guardianship to me since Alice is unable to care for you," the woman explained. "My expectations for you are minimal, given your age. I do expect you to act responsibly and be polite as all young gentlemen should. Neville can give you advice if you're unsure. Although," she smiled ever so slightly, "I suspect my brother will keep you most busy during the day so you won't have much time to get into trouble. Do you have any questions?""No, ma'am." Harry didn't think that was too bad as it sounded like he'd basically be on his own."This way, Mr Potter. You can have the room next to Neville's." She led the way with both boys following her.Up some very wide stairs, Lady Longbottom pointed down the hallway. "My bedroom is at the end on the right, though you shouldn't enter. Neville's is the first one on the left and you may have the next one on the left. Breakfast is at eight sharp. Our elf's name is Stolli; you may call him if you need anything for your room or a snack. Have a good evening." She left them for her room.Neville looked at him and gestured at the door. "Come on." He led Harry in. "It's a bedroom and there's a small bathroom over there. Not sure what else to say," he said with a shrug.Harry looked around at the very nice bedroom, far better than even his aunt and uncle had. In fact, the whole house showed the Longbottoms were well off. "This is really nice, Neville."His friend shrugged again. "Don't go into Gran's bedroom - ever! I did it once and I'll never do it again! Trust me.""No problem," Harry said easily, imagining that his friend must have walked in on his grandmother changing clothes or something."In case it wasn't obvious from what Uncle Algie said, you can unshrink your own trunk," Neville said pointing at the small trunk on a stand by the bed. "The Ministry can't sense us using magic here so I do some here during the holidays and I've never had a warning. See you in the morning.""Thanks, mate," Harry said as his friend left. He unshrunk his trunk and unpacked at least a few clothes before going to the bathroom and finding some impressive marble work. He got ready for bed and found an old alarm clock on the nightstand. He set it for half-seven and went to bed bouyed by the thought of no more Dursleys.(A/N: There's the setup. Harry has some decisions to make and surprises to find.)

(A/N: Thank you for all the kind reviews and welcoming me back. :)Chapter 2[Tue, Jul 2]The next morning Harry was up and ready to go downstairs about ten minutes before eight. Not sure where to go or how things worked, he left his room to try and find the dining room and found Neville waiting for him outside. "Good morning, Neville.""Morning, Harry. I thought you might like a guide, though I guess you could have called Stolli," he said a bit shyly."I'd think you'd do better as you'll talk to me," Harry said with a grin. "Lead on.""This way." Neville led them down the stairs. "If you're not sure what to do, follow my lead.""Thanks Nev, I really appreciate it." Harry continued to look around. "This is a really grand place. I wonder what my parents' home was like."Neville stopped in his tracks. "From what little I know I'd think it'd be similar as the Potters are an older family like mine. Honestly, I'm not sure what Potter Manor is like. Maybe Gran would know."Harry nodded as they entered into the formal dining room. It was obviously that based on the long table that could probably seat twenty, maybe more. However, there were presently only three chairs at one end."Gran likes to eat in here," Neville told him and stood behind a chair on one side. "You should take the other side; Gran always takes the end. We don't sit until she does.""Thanks." Harry continued to look around and wonder.A few minutes later, Lady Longbottom entered, smiling slightly. "It's good to see you're both on time." Neville helped her with her seat as Harry watched, then both boys sat. Stolli popped in levitating plates of food. The woman gestured to Harry, "As it's your first time, please start us off, Mr Potter.""Yes ma'am, though you're welcome to call me Harry," he told her as he reached for the plate of bacon, took a few pieces, and then passed the plate to the woman."Thank you, Harry. Is there anything you need to do today before my brother steals you away tomorrow?" she asked."Not that I can think of, other than maybe to go to Gringotts to get some money in case I need to buy something, like lunch," he replied."Pish posh," she replied airily.Harry saw Neville struggle to contain a grin, making him think that was a saying that amused his friend frequently. "Ma'am?""No need to worry about lunch, Stolli can make you something to take with you," she replied."Ma'am, I appreciate your, uh, generosity, but since I'll be stay here long term, perhaps I can-""Mr Potter," she objected and cut him off with a superior look, "there is no need for you to do anything in return. Did I not say you should have been here long ago and would have been if Frank or Alice had been here?"Harry saw Neville take a little more interest in his breakfast and he understood that Neville's parents' condition was still a sore spot for him. "You did," he agreed slowly, "but I wasn't certain how we might work this out long term.""We will 'work it out', as you say, as we are now. I might ask you to run the very rare errand for me when you go into the Ministry, or ask you to take something to my brother, but there are no expectations for you to reciprocate. I trust we won't need to repeat this…difference of opinions?" She gave him a pointed look."No ma'am, I understand," Harry replied, understanding that really was the only answer he could give."Gran normally gets what she wants," Neville added quietly, drawing a glance from his grandmother and then a nod."Lady Longbottom, can you tell me anything about my family? I don't know if we even have a family house like this," asked Harry."I can explain some, but the best way to know more is to find your family book - some call them Grimoires. I obviously wouldn't know where you'll find yours, assuming it still exists. There is a good chance it does as it is usually highly prized," she explained. "Were I you, I'd investigate your family vault in Gringotts.""Did my family have a house like this?" he asked while wondering "family vault?" and making a mental note to ask next time he was at the bank."At one time they did as I visited it a few times. However," she gave him a sad look, "it was destroyed when your grandparents were killed. It was why your parents were not living there when they were attacked.""Oh," Harry said quietly, mimicking his friend's attitude from a few minutes ago. "I guess I'll have to find time to visit Gringotts to ask them about the family vault and hope there's something there.""I believe your birthday is the day after Neville's?" she asked. At his nod, she said, "You'll have to wait until then as you must be sixteen to enter, or that's usually the case unless your parents instituted specific rules otherwise. You won't be able to remove anything until you're seventeen, but that extra year of access is supposed to be for you to start learning the family business by accessing any important paperwork that is stored there."Traditionally, your father would take you and you'd select a few papers together for you to take and study for a time before returning them back for another set. Since once of your parents isn't available, I suppose you'll have to read them in the vault and take notes for now. While I am your legal guardian now, even I'm not allowed in the Potter family vault.""Thank you for telling me," Harry told her, considering how he might handle it in a month when he had access. He still needed to retrieve some money soon though, so a trip was still in order. He'd ask Neville's uncle about how to get a disguise to go as he didn't want the Order to find him just yet."You're quite welcome," Augusta Longbottom told him. "I can tell you at least a little more about your grandparents, but I didn't know your parents all that well beyond some comments that Alice told me, such as your mother was extremely intelligent though on the shy side. She also had a sharp temper, which I was also told was needed at times to keep your father in line as he was a mischief-maker."That made Harry smile. "I've heard that about my father, but thank you for telling me about my mother. No one really has before.""Hmm, I shall look to see if I can find anything here that might be helpful to you," she told him. "I see you've finished breakfast as has Neville. He can show you around. Lunch is at noon, tea is at four in the parlor if you're available, and dinner is at seven. The three main meals are always here.""Thank you, ma'am." Harry rose a fraction after Neville, and pushed his chair in before leaving with his friend as the woman reached for a poached egg.When they were alone, Harry looked at his friend. "That went well."Neville snorted lightly and then chuckled. "She was on her best behavior. Hopefully you don't ever do anything that causes her to explain to you why what you just did was idiotic. Not pleasant, mate."Harry chuckled now. "Hopefully not. So now what?""I'll show you around," Neville said.— — —They had taken their time in the morning going around the house and now it was just after lunch when Neville led him back outside. "Last stop.""All right," Harry said as he followed along, walking slowly so he could continue to take everything in.Neville took him to a large green house, the same size as those at Hogwarts, though Neville only had one while Hogwarts had six."Wow, I'm duly impressed.""Gran says I take after my mum here, that she was good at this too," Neville said quietly as they walked around the warm building covered with windows, most open at this time of year.Harry looked around and came to a decision as he spied a couple of empty crates. He gestured at them and Neville took the hint and walked over. Each boy grabbed one and took a seat. Harry bent forward, elbows on his knees and looking down."Nev, can you keep a secret, or several really?""Sure, Harry," Neville said as he leaned forward too."I'm not sure that I…" Harry stopped. "Did you know that you can leave Hogwarts after your OWLs?"Neville looked very surprised. "Yeah and a few do, but not many. Why, are you going to?""Maybe," Harry said with a nod, "I'm thinking very seriously about it.""That's going to set some people on their ears," his friend said with a chuckle."Probably so," Harry agreed with a grin as he thought about it. "Listen, you deserve to know that the prophecy we went after, well…""It broke," Neville said when Harry paused."It did, but since Dumbledore heard it first, he knew it and shared with me." Harry looked up at his friend. "The person to kill the Dark Lord was born at the end of July, so it could have been you or me but it's me since I was marked." He pointed at his forehead. "I have to kill a Dark Wizard."Neville's mouth moved a few times before a hoarse, "Crap, it could have been…" He paused before he shook his head, "Sucks to be you," was said very seriously. "I'd wondered why Uncle Algie was willing to train you. He's shown me a few things over the years, but I wouldn't say he's trained me. I know what his position is, but he doesn't really talk about his work.""Interesting."Neville shook his head. "I got the interrogation of a lifetime when I got home; had to give him a memory of the event too." Now he smiled, "He was as pleased as Gran was and that's saying something.""If you want to learn things, let me know; I'll share," Harry offered."At least for the summer.""Yeah," Harry agreed, "at least for the summer…Christmas hols too if you want.""Sounds good. I'll also help you in any way I can, mate.""Neville, you can't tell them; you'll have to act like you don't know where I am or that I'm with your uncle," Harry told him."Ron and Hermione you mean?" At Harry's nod, Neville said, "Shouldn't be too hard; there's no reason for them to think you're staying here and I just have to act dumb. Again, not hard.""You're not dumb," Harry said a little forcefully.Neville shrugged and then grinned, "Acting like it isn't hard though.""I guess not," Harry said to avoid an argument though he wanted to protest more. "I don't need to play Quidditch, but can we fly here and not get into trouble?" He was glad McGonagall had given him his Firebolt back before he'd left school; he was extremely thankful Umbridge hadn't damaged it."Sure, the wards here will make you look like a bird to anyone on the other side, or so my uncle says. It's not something that interests me," Neville told him."Maybe you should try it again. Perhaps you'll like it more now that you're older and there are no Slytherins around," Harry told him teasingly.Neville grinned at him. "Maybe I'll try once, but I doubt it'll make any difference. Come on, let me show you some of the rare plants I have."They slid the crates back under the nearby table and started walking again. Harry was glad he'd had this talk with his friend. He felt they were a little closer now.[Wed, Jul 3]Harry had been up since a little after six, had a private breakfast served by the house-elf, and now he was waiting.A few minutes before seven, Algernon Croaker walked in through the front door with a gray cloak over his arm in addition to the one around his shoulders otherwise looking as he had the other evening. "Ah, good you're up and ready. Lunch?" he pointed at the small bag in Harry's hand."Yes, sir.""Probably don't need it as I'd planned to buy you lunch today; but bring it anyway, you might want a snack. Also, put this on." Croaker handed him the extra gray cloak.As Harry put it on, he noticed something hard in the collar area where he'd normally fasten it."That's right, fasten it," Croaker encouraged him then pointed at the collar. "Now feel here. There are multiple bumps on a ring that is built in on the right side. You can press on each bump like a button and they will give you a different look; pick whatever combination you want. You need to select something now, but you can change it later. On the left side, there's a single bump; that button will turn the disguise on and off." He conjured a hand mirror and held it front of Harry.Harry turned it on, then found four bumps and started pressing. His hair was changed along with his forehead going slightly shorter - his scar also disappeared. Another changed his eyes to gray, hid his glasses, and his nose shortened. Looking in the mirror, he looked like a completely different person. "Maybe this?""That's fine. You can experiment in your personal bathroom, but you can't change that and go to work with a different look. You can only change to a new disguise when we have a team meeting, which are every Monday afternoon. I'll introduce you around today, but appearing in a different form can get you hexed." Croaker sighed. "We've recently stepped up security.""Sorry," Harry offered lamely."No, lad, not your fault and your escapade helped to point out we should have done this long ago or Rookwood would have never been able to open the way for you last June. I'll take the blame on that," the man stated. "Let's go to the fireplace and use the Floo Network for today."Croaker helped him to the Ministry and then proceeded through the atrium towards the elevators. "That cloak with that gray look will let you skip the security checkpoint, just like Aurors do," he said quietly before they did just that with the security guard giving them a close look but not stopping them."What's to stop just anyone from getting one of these cloaks?" asked Harry."Good question," Croaker murmured approvingly. "By activating the facial disguise, that cloak is now tuned to you. Anyone else who tries to put it on will not like what happens. Hmm, be sure to tell your 'friend' at home to not do that. I'd hate to have his grandmother be upset with me because it'd be hard to replace him.""You mean it would…" Harry couldn't finish the sentence as the implication fully hit him."Yes," Croaker said as he pushed the button for the elevator. "No talking for a bit."Others joined them who talked and ignored the pair in the cloaks that slowly shimmered various shades of gray; he and Croaker didn't talk. They were the last off the elevators and so the only ones to exit on the tenth floor.Harry watched in amazement as Croaker took them through the circular spinning room without any hesitation and without a word. He only saw one other person, who looked at him closely, but Croaker nodded and they were left alone until they entered an office that said "Director" on the door."Take a seat and please don't touch anything. There are some things in here that if disturbed in the wrong way could also make this your last day here." Croaker closed the door as he left.Mysterious, Harry thought with a grin. Don't touch wasn't the same as don't look so he did that. There was a bookshelf with books stacked haphazardly, parchment and paper on the desk but stacked neatly. Another bookshelf had things on it that he couldn't identify and he decided those things were definitely to be left alone. Turning, he saw a picture of an old wizard on the wall watching him. "Hello," but the portrait didn't answer him other than with a scandalized look for daring to talk to him.By the time he'd finished looking around, the door opened and Croaker returned with a woman, also wearing a gray cloak. She had dark brown hair and was attractive enough for someone who looked to be about the age his mother should be. He had no idea if that was her real look now that he knew what these cloaks could do. She closed the door but never took her eyes off of him.Croaker took a seat behind his desk; the woman stood at the end of the desk; Harry took a seat across from Croaker as the man pulled a folder out of a drawer."It's not too hard to work here once you get past convincing me you should be here," Croaker said as he put a single sheet of parchment in front of Harry. "This is our standard employment contract with one addition. You should read it carefully, but the summary is you have to keep what you research secret and if you don't bad things can happen. Generally that means you're sacked and we normally wipe your memory of all the work you've done here."The contract requires a witness beyond me. This is Betty, she's the Assistant Director as well as our resident Healer, who will want to do a scan to make sure you're not bringing in anything that would be dangerous to us - again, standard procedure. Read." Croaker leaned back in his chair.Harry glanced at Betty, who was still looking at him as if she needed to figure him out. He did his best to ignore her, and Croaker, and read the document carefully. A few minutes later he put it on the desk in front of him. "Define research," Harry asked. "Is that just special projects or everything that I learn here?"Croaker smile. "Excellent question, I like that you caught that. The answer is you must keep secret anything you learn on your special projects here, or anything not readily findable by the general public. If you read a standard book on Spells that any Hogwarts student might read, or any book you could order out of the book stores in Hogsmeade or Diagon Alley, share all you want. All the other stuff, it's best if you follow the rule: What happens in the department stays in the department." His smile grew as if in response to some internal joke that made no sense to Harry, though he could understand the meaning well enough."Identities?" asked Harry."You'll get to pick one. I really am Algernon Croaker, Director of the Department of Mysteries, known to those who matter, such as the Minister for Magic and the Director of Magical Law Enforcement, the Wizengamot, and a few others. Betty, like the others and yourself if you sign, is a pseudonym. Whether she looks like that or something else is for her to decide if she tells you or not. I can tell you that there are only two of us who will know your real name and we're both in this room. I do because I'm the manager; Betty will for medical purposes, though she will do her best to keep you disguised if she needs help to treat you."Harry looked back at the contract and looked at the last paragraph again. It was as the man had told him when the job was offered. He had to stay working here until five years after the Dark Wizard known as Voldemort was verified dead, or he was physically unable to work here for medical reasons, or until his death, whichever came first. Fortunately, it also stated that the department would continuously work towards the destruction of Voldemort, so he shouldn't be stuck here forever."What are the working hours and conditions?" he asked, wanting to make sure he wasn't about to become a slave."It's not bad," Croaker said with a smile. "You get your own desk. We ask for at least 36 hours a week though you can work more if you want; you get ten paid holidays and three weeks of personal holiday time per year to start. It goes up some if you stay here long enough. If you get sick from something you caught here or injured from work, you have unlimited time off until you recover, though you have to be checked twice a week. You also get free medical help from Betty or someone she designates if she's not here."Harry looked at Betty who nodded and in a voice a little deeper than Hermione's said, "That is correct.""Because of your age, I'll put you down as a part-time employee at 20 hours per week, but give you overtime pay for the last 16 hours - that's to protect me in case of a payroll audit. That also allows you a more limited schedule should the need arises over the next two years. I'll change you to full time officially when you turn eighteen."The pay is not the best, you could do much better at some shops, but we have better time off benefits plus it's the Ministry so you take what you can get. You won't starve on the pay here if you're smart about it and don't waste it, though I believe your family was fairly well off so you will have nothing to worry about. You're rarely pressured to produce work on a timeline, you just have to keep showing progress to me or give up the project to start on something else if you hit a deadend. The work is very interesting though and…" Croaker leaned forward and smiled broadly, "you won't have to worry about reporters. We're not very tolerant of them snooping around here. If you find something special so we do release it, you're welcome to stay hidden while I make the presentation."The anonymity was a big plus to Harry and he could tell Croaker knew it."Do I have to go through the atrium to get here?""Not once you're one of us."Harry considered what else he needed to know and could think of only one other thing. He looked at Betty. "Knowing what you know now and if you could go back to when you started, would you still work here?"The woman quirked one side of her mouth. "I'd do it 364 days a year. Everyone has a bad day sometimes."Harry sighed and nodded. Croaker smiled again and placed an ugly black quill in front of him. "A Blood Quill?""It's what makes it a binding magical contract. You know of those?" Croaker was surprised.Harry showed the scarring on the back of his hand."From a Blood Quill?" Betty asked also surprised. "I can get rid of the scars.""A gift from Dolores Umbridge," Harry answered as he signed his name to the contract, "and I'll take you up on that.""Hmm, we might could do something about her, but it probably doesn't matter. Her days are numbered here if I read the signs correctly," Croaker said as he snatched the contract away and filed it.Harry had the impression it was to prevent Betty from reading it, but his imagination was probably making that up."Excellent, now that you're official, I get to give you a tour before I give you some books to read. However, before all that," Croaker looked to the woman and grinned, "Betty gets to have her way with you.""Stop it, Algie!" she snapped. "If what you hinted at is true, that's exactly the wrong thing to say and his blush confirms it."She looked at Harry. "I'm sorry, but you'll need to deactivate your disguise and put down your wand and anything else magical you have on you so there is no interference with my scan. We're doing the scan in this room so no one else will know who you are and I promise I won't tell anyone else."Harry looked at Croaker, who nodded, so he unclasped the cloak at his neck and heard the woman gasp as he took it off and laid it and his wand in the chair."When you said I'd recognize him, I didn't think…" Betty was staring at her supervisor. "You can't hire him, he's not old enough. Algernon!" She was upset by the end."He has passed enough OWLs that he doesn't have to go to Hogwarts, I've checked." Croaker looked back at her, not flinching. "As to his age, you know that not all the normal laws apply to us and as long as he's willing, I'm willing. Don't get your knickers in a twist, Betty," which caused her to huff. "At least half of his research for the next year is going to consist of him learning what he's missing at school, at least in the important subjects. He'll be NEWT level by next May - if not before - at least if I can help it as I'll be doing much of his training."Betty did not look happy, but she didn't argue further either. "We will be talking about this more later." Croaker sighed but held out his hand towards Harry. She took the hint and started scanning Harry.Harry had wondered about being hired at his age, but hadn't really thought too much about it. He decided that he didn't care in the end as long as this helped him to defeat Voldemort. When Betty started to frown, he started to become concerned.She eventually stopped her scan and said in a brisk tone, "I need a quill and something to write on."Croaker didn't argue and grabbed the writing utensils off the table behind him and handed them over.When she finished writing her notes, she said, "I find nothing I'm worried about in regards to disease. He's behind on his inoculations, but those are easily fixed. There are other potions I want to give him to help him, but they can wait. I can also," she turned to Harry now, "fix your eyes so you don't need glasses if you want me to.""You can?" Harry asked in surprise. "Yes!""The materials are about a thousand Galleons; my time is free. Still want to do it?" she asked."Yes," Harry said without hesitation. Money wasn't an issue for him in general, and he was getting paid now."I'll get the ingredients soon and should be ready by next Friday. You'll want the weekend to recover. There is another issue though." Betty turned to Croaker. "I'm going to need Dupree or Freddie; I'm not sure how you plan to hide his identity for this work."Croaker nodded. "I was afraid of that. Do you know what's in his scar?"Harry gasped, but didn't know what to say."I can't tell other than it is magic that's not his. I can also say there is a protective layer of magic around it, containing it, and I think destroying it slowly. The problem is, I don't know how long it will take to do its work since it's already had fifteen years. Maybe it needs a few more, or maybe it's fifty more." She shrugged. "Nevertheless, it's my recommendation we remove it and the sooner the better.""Side-effects?" Croaker asked."Hard to say," she answered and looked at Harry to smile gently. "You'll lose you scar for sure, so fewer people will have that as a reason to stare at you. There's also a good possibility you'll gain a small boast in magical power as your body has had to fight that thing off. I'd guess a ten percent increase, perhaps not even that much, but I'm almost certain you'll gain something."Harry nodded, again surprised to the point of not sure what to say. Losing his scar was an easy decision to make as it would prevent some of the stares he disliked so much. A small part of him wondered if not having a scar when everyone "knew" he had one would create more stares for a bit, but he couldn't figure out how to answer that one.Croaker finally said, looking at Harry, "It is rare for us to remove memories of work done here, but to protect identities is one known exception and I'll consider it as well as ask. Who would you suggest?""Dupree has a better touch on the small things and he's probably well enough for this."Croaker nodded before telling Harry, "Dupree was injured last Friday and has been out, but he's mostly recovered now." He looked back to Betty. "I'll ask him. Tomorrow?""That'll be fine," Betty nodded. "Do you know Occlumency, Harry?"Harry looked down as he thought about Sirius. A part of him thought Sirius might still be alive if he'd only tried harder to learn and therefore hadn't been lured to the Ministry; but a larger part wasn't so sure of that as he wasn't fully convinced Snape had been trying his best to teach him. "Snape tried but we didn't get very far.""Snape, as in Severus Snape?" Betty asked aghast. At Harry's nod, she shook her head and her next words sounded much like McGonagall. "I should think not based on the stories I've heard of him. I'm very thankful I had Slughorn for a Potions teacher. We shall start teaching that, or rather I will." She gave Croaker an expectant look.He nodded. "I'll give you a half-hour a day; then Legilimency after that so he can know when someone is lying to him."Oh, I forgot about a new identity. Let's see, we have a Liam and … hmm, I think 'M' is free," said Croaker. "What name would you like? Maybe something classic like Milton? I've always like Malcolm. You can do something of a last name like Miller. Some people like more exotic names, so a French Marceau or maybe a German Manfred…""How about Mike," Harry suggested, "it's easy.""It's also boring, but I know some people like not standing out." Croaker said knowingly."I'm heading to my infirmary," Betty stated. "Bring him by on the tour and I'll give him his inoculation potions. I'll wait until after his scar is removed for his nutrient potions. You," she pushed the piece of parchment she'd written on earlier into their supervisor's hand, "will take care of this or I will make some people disappear."Croaker looked at the parchment and frowned. "I've mostly taken care of it already." At her glower, he added, "Don't worry, I'll see that it's fully taken care of."Harry was sure that was about him, but wasn't sure if he should ask or not since he was so new, so he didn't."Well, Harry, time for the tour I promised you and I'll show you to your very own desk," he said with a smile. "Don't forget, you're now Mike. Oh, I'm Algernon here."Betty left and went to the right, Croaker led him to the right also, though he entered the next door while Betty continued on. "Here we have a standard training room. The walls are protected from most spells and explosions. I expect you'll be spending a lot of time in one of these; we have three.""There are various workrooms dedicated to long-running experiments. I believe you've seen some of these already," Croaker said with a teasingly chuckle while Harry tried not to look too embarrassed."Fortunately, your group missed the library." Croaker led him into a room with a lot of bookshelves. "You can check them out to take to your desk; you may not take them out of the department." There were also several desks, one of which had a middle-aged man at it. "This is Liam; Liam, a new recruit who you can call Mike."They looked at each other and nodded."Over here," Croaker continued, "is something that a friend of yours would probably kill for. As in a Muggle library, this card catalog cabinet contains information on every book in here. You can ask it for a specific title, books by a single author, or books that contain keywords that are known to it, and it will tell you what books match and where to find them."All of that is possible because when we get new books, someone will create a very magical card for it with all the information." Croaker picked up a blank form to show off before putting it back. "Over here is the bookshelf of unorganized books. There is a requirement for every person in the department to add one book a week - which normally takes about an hour to skim it and fill out the form. However, since you need to expand your knowledge and understand what's in here, I'm going to give you the assignment to do three books a week. That's also useful since we just received a new set of books so we have more to categorize than normal."Lastly, all of these books are intermediate or advanced; don't expect to find the beginner books you found when you went to Hogwarts years ago."Harry nodded and understood the last part had been said because Liam was in the room.After several more rooms, including the Prophecy Room that had been restored, they came to a very familiar looking door that filled Harry with dread as it brought up memories that were a little too fresh and uncomfortable. "Through this door is the room containing the Veil of Death." Croaker stopped with his hand on the door and looked at him for a moment. "But you've see that before, so let me show you where the infirmary is."Harry was grateful for the reprieve.A moment later, Croaker led him into typical looking infirmary, though small with only four beds close together. It did have a good-sized potions brewing area though.Betty was waiting on them along with three phials of potions in a small rack. "These will help prevent a few ailments that affect magicals. Drink up." She held out the first.Harry shrugged and took the phial, downing it and then the rest as quick as he could. "Yours don't taste any better."Betty laughed lightly. "It's because I use the same ingredients." She paused for a moment then looked at Croaker. "If you can fit me in, I'd like another hour a week to work on Potions with him. I know Snape didn't teach everything he should have.""It'll have to wait until at least January," Croaker said. "I want to get him through all of sixth year material for Charms, Transfiguration, and Defense and preferably seventh year too before we branch out to the support classes. Well, after we deal with Apparation; we really have to take care of that first."Croaker looked at him. "Mike, I'm sorry for all the work I'm about to demand of you, but you really do need to complete everything that everyone else here will expect you to know as soon as possible. Betty," he gave her a quick glance, "was correct that I hurried this along, but you are an opportunity I couldn't pass up. Also, you need help for a certain task that we really are the best people to help you.""Seriously?" Betty gasped."I'm only telling you as you're next up if something happens to me. For once," Croaker told her, "the Daily Prophet has something correct about him. While I do respect Albus Dumbledore for many things, Dumbledore has dropped the Quaffle when it comes to training him," Croaker nodded at Harry. "I also think that maybe a research project or two may help out, though I'm not sure exactly what yet."Betty nodded tightly, not happy but not arguing either. Looking at Harry, "Be sure you bring in your money tomorrow, you'll need to reimburse the purchases I'm going to be making soon.""I need to go to Gringotts anyway," Harry told her."You do and you need to do some shopping too or the guardian of where you're staying will have my head. In fact, I'm surprised she didn't say something last night about what you're wearing." Croaker's look demanded an answer."She didn't," Harry replied."She was being nice then." Croaker looked at his watch. "Time for the team meeting and where we introduce you to everyone and you find your desk."All three left the infirmary and headed for yet another room. Harry wasn't completely sure he could find everything from the tour, but he thought he could find the most important things, including the water closet they'd passed earlier.They entered a fairly large room that had a lot of little areas in it. Each looked to have a desk and two tables, making a large "U" shape. Each area also had at least two cabinets plus a chair. Most of the areas had a person who was looking at them carefully.Each person looked to be in their 30's or 40's, but then again so did he - Croaker was the only exception and looked to be about McGonagall's age. If his quick count was correct, there were nine others for thirteen total (including himself) and five were women, assuming the cloak couldn't change that look too."Sorry for the extra meeting this week," Croaker said, not raising his voice as everyone had already quieted down. "We have a new member that I've convinced to work here for at least the next few years, hopefully longer though. This is Mike. We're still working out his schedule and what he'll be working on. If I'm lucky and can convince him, he'll join the Action Team in a year or so."While everyone had been neutral so far, Harry watched a few perk up at the last statement, making him wonder what the Action Team was."All the standard rules apply, maybe he'll answer questions about himself, maybe he won't, but we don't press anyone on their real identity." Croaker looked briefly at Harry who realized he was telling him that worked both ways."Mike, there's an open desk back there in the corner. It's yours. If you need something, ask around and someone will show you where the quills, ink, parchment, and such is kept. They can also show you how the desk works. Get yourself settled in and I'll be back for you in a bit."Dupree, I need a word in my office please…""Boss, I just got back…" a swarthy, short, and stocky man started to complain."Save it," Croaker retorted, "I'm not sending you back out anytime soon, but I have a private matter to discuss." He turned and left with Dupree following, as did Betty.Not sure what else to do, Harry headed to the back of the room. It took a moment, but Harry realized this would give him quite a bit of privacy and wondered if Croaker had done that on purpose.The desk in front of his had a woman at it and the desk in the other corner was Liam, each were looking at him as everyone else was. His desk on the back right was empty except for a single box on it.The woman stopped him as he drew near to her. "Kathleen," she said in a higher pitched voice and held out her hand, "welcome aboard."Harry shook it. "Mike, good to meet you."Liam stepped forward and shook Harry's hand this time before turning immediately and returning to his desk in the other corner.Kathleen shook her head and said, "Follow me and I'll show you where the office supplies are. What are your skills? I'm sort of a generalist, though I'm partial to studying old magic."They walked back to the front of the room and she pointed to a pair of cabinets. "Grab whatever you need from here. An elf keeps it stocked for us." She looked at him, studying him.It took a short moment before he realized she was waiting for his answer. "I'm not really sure why he hired me, but he said something about getting things done that required a little more power."She smiled and turned to a non-descript man who would have been easy to forget. "You hear that, Inigo, Mike might be your replacement. Maybe Croaker is going to let you retire," she laughed.Inigo glared at her. "I'll retire when I'm good and ready." He looked at Harry. "My name is Inigo Montoya-""And if you killed his father, prepare to die!" Kathleen cackled, earning another glare from the man."She has no sense of humor," the man complained in a deadpan.Harry couldn't help but smile. He didn't understand the joke but he enjoyed the comradery nevertheless. Opening the cabinet, he grabbed a few supplies: quill, ink, parchments, and a notebook. He decided some Spell-O-Tape might be useful too and grabbed it before heading back to his desk.Kathleen returned to his side and showed him how his storage cabinets worked and the drawers, which were much longer than they should be. The chair was also very, very comfortable.Not sure what else to do, he opened the box that was there. Inside, he found a number of books with a note on top which he read.These are for you to study. The top 2 are disguised on the outside so you can study them with no one else noticing what you're reading. There is a privacy charm on your desk which I'd suggest you activate when you're reading them. Activating the charm is not unusual. CroakerLooking out, he saw that two desks now looked a little harder to see, slightly blurry, making him guess that was the charm. He'd ask Kathleen later as she'd seemed helpful.Pulling the books out, he saw a number of topics, including some on Runes, which he decided was a hint he needed to learn them. The top two he opened up and saw they were the "Standard Book of Spells, Grade 6", and the same for "Grade 7". He placed the non-descript books on his desk to look at first then put the others on a small shelf behind him for later.He heard someone come into the room and looked up to see Betty motioning him to come so he did. She led him out and into the infirmary where Croaker and Dupree were waiting. Betty put up a "Do Not Disturb" sign outside her door and then closed it and locked it.Croaker looked at him. "Dupree has agreed to help you and is willing to have his memory of your identity erased, as long as he can keep the knowledge of anything interesting that happens here. I have agreed to create a write up of interesting events and magic while working on an Auror who was cursed in the line of duty and will give that to him afterwards. Is that acceptable to you?"This was moving very quickly, but Harry wasn't going to complain. His scar had given him more trouble lately, not to mention every time he'd been in Voldemort's presence, and he was very willing to get rid of it. "It is.""I'd rather start now than tomorrow if you're wondering," Betty said taking charge. "Cloak off and all magical items on the chair."Harry looked at Dupree, the only one who didn't know who he was, and deactivated his cloak.The Curse Breaker looked at Harry then at Croaker. "You signed up Harry Potter?! What the hell?""Seemed like a good idea at the time," Croaker said with a slight grin. "Still seems like a good idea, in fact.""But…""He has a way of getting things done," Croaker explained, "and you don't want to go against him. Betty measured earlier; he has the highest magical index of all of us."Harry blinked at that.Croaker looked at Harry and smirked. "We measure all kinds of things down here.""I didn't know that was possible," Harry said as he laid his wand down."We can teach you do it on anyone, but until the person starts to mature which is usually around sixteen or seventeen, it doesn't really mean much," Betty told him. "On the bed, head at this end," she pointed. "You're close enough to maturity we can start to get an accurate reading, but it'll be more accurate in a couple of years.""Does magic grow over time?" Harry had to ask."Very little after about twenty, not enough to matter," she explained. "Dupree, I want your opinion on his scar."Dupree grunted. "This is certainly fulfilling a fantasy, too bad I won't remember it."Harry scowled at him."Kid," Dupree paused with his wand over Harry's head, "a lot of people have wondered about your curse scar and I get to try to figure it out. Please be as still as possible and if you feel anything unusual, please tell us. Scratch that, if you feel anything at all tell me."Mostly mollified, Harry said, "Right," and closed his eyes.Soon he felt something on his forehead, sort of like when Madam Pomfrey worked some of her spells; he didn't say anything and just laid there.A few minutes later, all of the feelings stopped and he heard Croaker ask, "Well?" Harry opened his eyes and watched the conversation."Very interesting." Dupree took a seat on the bed behind him. "Looks like there are three bits of magic in play here.""I concur," Betty said. "His, one sympathetic with his, and one completely foreign.""Yes," Dupree agreed thoughtfully. "Kathleen might have a better answer, but I think she'd agree the sympathetic magic is from his mother or possibly something combined from both of his parents, but ultimately magic powered by his mother's sacrifice - if the stories about what happened that night are to be believed.""You don't believe the common story?" Harry had to asked, curious if it matched his own opinion.Dupree shrugged. "It's probably true, but there were only two people alive at the end. You were fifteen months old and I don't expect you to know. The other person has never given an interview," he ended with a short chuckle."And my scar from a curse that never leaves a mark?" Harry asked, glad the man's story matched his so far."Ah, that's easier to answer in some ways, especially since I looked it up years ago." He smiled at the surprised looks from the other three. "I tracked it down to Sumerian Runes, of all things - something only few know about and why it's never been commented on publically. It's actually the rune of protection." Dupree looked at Croaker. "Was Lily Potter ever an unspeakable?""No," Croaker answered. "She was approached but turned us down."Dupree shook his head. "That makes me wonder where she found that then because the books on Sumerian Magic are hard to find."Anyway, she applied that rune, probably did a small ritual and painted the rune on with her own blood, it wouldn't have taken very long either. I suspect the end result is an interaction between that and a Killing Curse turned her rune mark into a scar."That means, the sympathetic magic is his mothers and the foreign magic is something left from the Killing Curse.""So why does it hurt when I'm near him?" Harry asked, worried a little about the answer.Dupree shrugged. "Hard to say, but the easiest explanation is that the magic in you recognizes its owner and becomes more active. Ever have other interactions with it, maybe visions?""Yes." Harry swallowed hard."The foreign magic is still active and reaching out then," said Dupree with another shrug."Could it be more than a fragment of magic, like a fragment of something else more personal?" Croaker asked.Dupree looked at him and then suddenly raised his eyebrows suddenly. "I don't think so, but I can check. Lie very still, Harry."Harry left his eyes open this time and watched the spell come at him, making it very hard not to flinch and move.After a moment, Dupree straightened. "No, not a soul fragment exactly, but I could see how it could be mistaken for one.""What do you mean, not exactly?" Croaker pressed."Well, with the right ritual, a true soul fragment could be used to animate a body, which is a good proof that our current Dark Wizard has made Soul Jars since he was presumed dead once. But this thing," Dupree waved lazily towards Harry's scar, "doesn't have enough there to do that. It's like it tried to be but failed. There's enough of a fragment to cause Potter issues, but not enough to animate a body if transferred to one."There are two possible explanations. One, it wasn't intentional, which would mean that the Dark Wizard's soul is unstable, so it broke off own its own when the Killing Curse rebounded on said Dark Wizard but didn't stay with the wraith but entered Harry. Two, it was intentional, but his soul has already been fractured so many times there isn't enough left for him to make an effective Soul Jar. I suppose," Dupree grinned, "there is a hybrid possibility where he tried to create another Soul Jar but that backfired and kill him, so that's number three.""How can we know?" Croaker asked."Find a real Soul Jar and analyze it, if there are any more. It's hard enough to make one, but multiples are harder still. Also, there is a debilitating affect, but that could also explain many of his unusual actions. He doesn't seem mentally stable and he's definitely lost all sense of right and wrong. Then again, he's always seemed that way.""I think," Harry said slowly, "that there must be more than one and he made his first one when he was sixteen, that's why it seems like he's always been this way.""How do you know that?" Croaker and Dupree almost shouted together while Betty looked horrified."I can't be sure, but he had a diary that possessed a friend of mine for nearly a year and then tried to kill her so he could take her body. It ended when I destroyed the object," Harry explained."A true Soul Jar is very hard to destroy," Dupree countered."I used basilisk venom," Harry answered."Aye, that would do it. When?" Dupree pressed."My second year, so three years ago.""He didn't get a body until a year ago, correct?" Croaker asked now."Yes, he said he'd traveled further down the road to immortality than anyone else and took some of my blood to do it.""Oh?" Croaker smiled. "How advantageous for us, but that's a topic for later. The point is that you destroyed a Soul Jar while he didn't have a body yet he still came back; therefore, he had at least two, or perhaps six. Further, this thing in Harry's scar is not enough to be a true Soul Jar. So that points to the larger six, plus himself of course.""Enlightening," Dupree said thoughtfully as he looked at Harry. "I'd like to make a request. I will keep to my end of the agreement if you require it, but I'd request to be able to retain all of this knowledge which would include who you are. The usefulness and possibilities are enormous. I will give you an Unbreakable Vow that I will not divulge your identity until released in exchange."That surprised and frightened Harry a little. He looked at Croaker who also looked thoughtful. "I can see advantages; Dupree could be useful in your quest. Nevertheless, we have a task to do first before that must be decided." He looked at the other two adults."Quite right," Dupree agreed. "Now that I know what I'm dealing with, I need to go get a device. Don't worry, I won't say a thing to anyone. Betty, I suggest you put him to sleep and then strap him down so he can't move; it would be safest." He left."Ready?" Betty asked."Might as well; I want this out," Harry told them just before a spell hit him.— — —When Harry woke, he blinked slowly and saw Betty leaning over him. "How do you feel?""Tired and yet a little strange," said Harry, knowing this was the time for complete honesty."Do you want your glasses?" she asked and held them out.Harry took them but blinked again and looked around without putting them on. "I can see fine without them. How?""A fortuitous side-effect, I'd wondered if that would happen," Betty said with a pleased look. "I don't have to make the potion to fix your eyes now. I also fixed your hand while you were out."Harry held his hand up and the scars from Umbridge were gone, replaced with pink skin that hurt a little to be moved."Be careful with that for the next week," Betty told him, "and keep it out of the sun as much as possible too." She handed him a hand mirror.Looking in the mirror, he saw a face he wasn't expecting. There was no lightning bolt scar on his forehead and no glasses. "I, uh, thanks, thank you very much.""Our pleasure and there was another very good side-effect," Croaker looked very pleased. "You should be careful with your magic and practice carefully, but your magical potential went up about seven percent. That doesn't mean all of your spells will be more powerfully immediately, but that can happen and will happen if you're in a stressful situation where you cast without thinking.""I understand," he promised, thinking he'd use tomorrow to try some spells to see. "Did anything unusual happen when you pulled Voldemort's magic out?""It was stubborn and took a little longer than expected," Dupree answered casually, "but nothing I couldn't handle. It also gives me something interesting to study." He held up a block of wood that just fit into the palm of his hand and was marked with a big "V" on it.The Curse Breaker leaned forward with some eagerness now. "So, what are your thoughts on changing the deal?"Harry considered it for a minute more and they let him. At the top of his thoughts was that these people had helped him more in a single day than Dumbledore had over the years. There was also the fact that Croaker had helped him leave the Dursleys."If we can word it so that not only my name is secret but anything that could lead back to me, I think that can work."Dupree smiled and pulled out a piece of parchment. "I wrote this up while waiting on you to wake with that sort of thing in mind."Harry read it and was pleased to see that it met his requirements and also hid the knowledge that this even came from another Unspeakable. It was all covered.Croaker offered to be the bonder of the spell and it was soon done."Thank you … Mike," Dupree said before he walked out carrying his block of wood with some very unusual magic in it."Here's the lunch you brought," Croaker told him handing him the bag that had been left on his desk. "It's well past that time. After you eat that, why don't you rest here and I'll help you home after I take care of a few things.""I thought we were going to Diagon Alley?" he asked."We can, but we should make it quick. I don't think you'll feel like doing much shopping." Croaker smiled. "It's been a good day. The world's a little better and we've learned new and useful things. It really doesn't get much better." He left humming softly.Betty was shaking her head. She grabbed a slim box and handed it to him. "Take one of these with every evening meal for the next week. They'll correct a few problems you have from," she paused and seemed to bite back a comment, "your childhood. I also suggest that if you buy any clothes, make them at least one size too big and don't get more than two at this time. In a few weeks, you can go shopping again as the potions will have completed their work by then. Also, don't be surprised if you feel a little sore, as if you've done too much exercise."Here's some water for your lunch," she pointed to a glass on counter. "I suggest a nap until Algernon returns." With that said, she left the room.Harry ate both sandwiches Stolli the house-elf had created for him while looking at himself in the mirror, memorizing his new look. Afterwards, he did as suggested and took a nap.Croaker woke him up, the clock showing it was almost two hours later. "Put on your cloak to get back into disguise and we can go."The director took him by a room on the way out. "Touch this spot." Harry did and Croaker did a spell. "Now you can Apparate into this room, once you learn. Let's continue on."Harry followed him into the room and the man Side-Along Apparated him to Diagon Alley. In a private spot, Croaker had Harry deactivate his cloak to become Harry Potter again while Croaker changed his look. He also showed Harry how to make the cloak change to other solid colors so he didn't look like an Unspeakable. Harry turned it a dark blue."I won't appear to accompany you, but I'll always be nearby if you need help," the man told Harry after he'd Apparated Harry to the shopping area.Harry did as he'd been told, purchasing only two new sets of clothes and making them bigger than he needed. He also picked up some more money from the bank. Croaker had him back to Longbottom Manor shortly before dinner wearing a set his new clothes.Augusta Longbottom looked at him and smiled. "You look better, Harry - more like someone of your station should. Dinner will in half an hour. Are you staying for dinner, Algie?" she asked her brother."Thank you for the offer, but I'll be going," he answered and looked at Harry. "I'll return at seven in the morning. You need to learn to Apparate so you can travel on your own. Tell Neville he can join us. Good evening."Harry was still tired but thought he could make it through dinner. He planned to head to bed shortly after dinner. He had a feeling tomorrow would be a long day.(A/N: It seems to me that Dumbledore was very arrogant and/or egotistical to think he knew everything needed about Horocruxes and didn't involve others. If he didn't knew who he could trust, there was at least Bill Weasley who must have run into Horocruxes in Egypt, or so I'd think.)

Chapter 3[Thu - Jul 4]Harry was still a little tired as he ate breakfast a little before seven. He felt better than when he'd gone to bed right after dinner last evening, but his present tiredness showed him how much yesterday had taken out of him.Across the table, Neville looked as tired as Harry felt, which Harry assumed came from getting up much earlier than usual."You don't have to do this now; you'll learn at school this coming year," Harry pointed out.Neville took a drink before replying, "Yeah, but it won't be until late in the year and this is a dead useful skill to have. I can put up with one early morning for this.""Right," Harry agreed before he finished the meal. "I wished I'd known this sooner, like at the end of fourth year. Hmm, I wonder why Cedric didn't Apparate back to Hogwarts when he could have.""He was probably trying to protect you," Neville commented."Probably," Harry said with a shrug as Croaker walked in."Good, you're ready," Croaker told them. "We have an hour before Harry and myself have to go in. If anyone doesn't get it, we can work more on it over the weekend."As the hour ended, Harry managed to Apparate once to the circle a meter in front of him. He thought he should have done better, but Croaker seemed to be pleased. Neville hadn't made it, but he had managed to phase out then back in, which his uncle congratulated him on, causing the boy to puff up in pride.Croaker Side-Along Apparated Harry to the Transportation Room in the Department of Mysteries, which Harry recognized as the room he'd been to just before they left last night."Don't ever try to bring anyone in here, you'll both be stuck until someone lets you out," Croaker warned him."You keyed me into it last evening, didn't you?" asked Harry."I did. Come, I want to have a lesson this morning. You did start reading your book yesterday, right?""The first chapter only. Didn't have time for more because of everything else," Harry told him. "I took some notes too, like I would have for class.""That will do. No essays here," Croaker told him as they walked into a training room and closed the door. "Either you can do the spells or you can't, as far as I'm concerned. You can revise for your NEWTs later on your own time. I want you to learn these as fast as you can.""I can do that." Harry looked at him. "Before we start, you mentioned you wanted me on the Action Team in a year. What is that?"Croaker gave a predatory smile. "Because of your magical power, I'd like you to join that team. It's the team that does things that needs doing that no one else can do or will do. For example, some idiot brought a Manticore into the country a few weeks ago and the Magical Creatures department up on the fourth floor couldn't handle it, so we were called in. When the Aurors find a cursed object or something they can't identify, we definitely get called. Or when a research project needs something done that's a little more exciting than the others can handle, the Action team steps up."It doesn't happen all that often, maybe once or twice a month. You do get double pay that day; you can think of it like a bonus for putting up with the extra danger."Harry blinked at that. "How much extra danger?""Don't worry, we haven't permanently lost anyone yet," Croaker said with a grin. "You might get some paid time off or a scar if you're unlucky, but even that doesn't happen too often. Let me see your wand, there's something else we need to take care of."Harry handed it over and watched Croaker do a spell on it."There, now your wand can't be traced outside of a magical area," Croaker gave him a knowing smile. "Be careful with that. Now, let's go over your spells; I want to see how fast you learn."— — —The last hour of the morning was given to Betty to help him with Occlumency. It was a much less painful experience than it had been with Snape. He also found her mutterings about the man to be amusing and wondered what would happen to Snape if Betty ever caught him alone somewhere.Croaker was true to his word from the previous day and bought Harry lunch at a pub in Muggle London. He also invited Betty. The three had an enjoyable time getting to know each other and Harry learned a little more about where he was now working. He just had to be careful not to make any references to magic during the conversation.As they were about to return, Croaker said, "You can tell me no, but I'd like to see the memories of your exciting times at school. I understand from Neville you had some.""I suppose," he said after a thoughtful moment, "but why?""Because school isn't supposed to be that adventurous; therefore, something unusual is going on and I'm wondering if it's tied into the prophecy," Croaker told him."What prophecy?" Betty demanded."I can show you the transcript," Croaker said."I can show you a memory of the event," Harry said a little boastfully, causing Croaker to blink at him in astonishment.Betty looked at him and then laughed lightly. "He's got you beat there. Let's go."Croaker paid for lunch and looked at Harry. "Could I bring Dupree in on this since he already knows who you are?"Harry took longer to answer and the other two let him as they walked back to the Ministry. "Yes," he said finally. "I'd like his opinion on a matter; maybe there is an easier way to take care of my problem."Betty looked curious but held her comment; Croaker nodded.Back at the Ministry, Croaker sent a message spell when they arrived at the Ministry. He noticed the look on Harry's face and said, "Yes, I'll teach you."Dupree was outside Croaker's office leaning against the wall when they arrived. He didn't looked surprised at all to see "Mike" there. "What's so important?" he asked.Croaked said nothing, just waving them in and then sealing his office and putting up privacy spells. He then pulled out a Pensieve that looked a lot like Dumbledore's. "Mike is going to show us some events. While I'm sure some of the details will be fascinating, please try to keep the larger picture in mind."Harry was pulling out memories and dropping them in. There was two from his first year then one for every year after, except for the last which also had two. The group entered the Pensieve and watched. Harry tried to keep a disinterested disposition and watch as Croaker was doing, but he found it hard as he "relived" the episodes.When they finished, the prophecy and explanation by Dumbledore being the last one, they exited. Betty conjured a chair for herself while the others took the chairs available."Wow," Dupree said softly as he looked at Harry. "The prophecy explains a lot of the whys. Some of the details though, I'd like to watch the scene in the graveyard again.""I'd like you to," Harry said, "because I'd like to know if there's an easier way to kill him based on how he made his new body.""I haven't seen or heard of that ritual before," Dupree looked at Croaker who shook his head, "but I'll research. Unless I find something really unusual, you'll have to use the usual methods. Personally, I like cutting heads off; it's the rare beast that can survive without its head."On the other hand, I did recognize the use of Soul Jars here," Dupree continued. "That diary was one for sure and he must have at least one other.""Yes, as we talked about yesterday," Croaker said thoughtfully as he looked slightly to the side at "nothing" for a moment. "He said to those in the graveyard that he'd gone farther down the road to immortality than anyone." He seemed to come back to himself and looked at Dupree. "I believe that confirms he was trying for the magical seven parts, or really six parts plus himself as we theorized."Dupree hissed "The bastard!" before he got ahold of himself. "Right, I can see that now that you point it out. I don't fancy a hunt for those things, they could be anywhere, even at the bottom of the ocean.""Could be, but probably not," Croaker mused while Betty continued to look horrified at what was being discussed. "I suspect one can be used to bring him back since we saw that almost happen with the diary, so I think he'd try to keep them somewhat handy." He picked up a quill. "I think I need to make a comment to Arthur Weasley to have his daughter checked. Mike, how is she doing?""Err, reasonably normal now, or so I think," Harry replied as he thought about Ginny for a moment."Still, I probably should mention it just to be safe," Croaker said as he put the quill back down after making his note. "Let's watch the graveyard scene again." He queued up the scene and they re-entered the pensive.Harry watched Dupree and Croaker walk over to the caldron and look carefully as that part replayed. Betty took great interest in the part where Voldemort gave Pettigrew a new hand. They all paid attention to the Death Eaters that answered the call.When then came out, Croaker was writing down names, though a few had question marks next to them. "Amelia Bones will appreciate this. Mike, do you mind if I show her this memory?""I don't mind if it will help stop them," Harry told him. "Why do you call me Mike when everyone here knows who I am?""So I will have the habit of calling you Mike and not slip up," Croaker replied. "I believe I can come up with a plausible way to have retrieved this memory from you so she won't question that too much."I think I'm going to start a new project on Soul Jars. I'd like to know how easy or hard it is to destroy them and if there is any way to detect them with a spell, though that would be a lot easier if I had one to practice with.""I'm not running a project now," Betty said, "so I'd like to look at that silver prosthetic limb. I wonder if I can figure out how to make one."Dupree chuckled. "No surprise there. I said I'd research the rebirthing ritual and since that seems important, I'm going to set my current project to the side."Croaker nodded. "I think that's a good idea." He looked at Harry. "I believe I mentioned that we do projects here. I've sort of given you one with your schoolwork, but if you see anything interesting to you, you should do a project on it. Just let me know what you want to do.""Err, all right," Harry said. "Besides the things mentioned, I found the part where he called the other Death Eaters interesting. Does anyone know how the Dark Mark is made or how it works?"The other three all shook their heads as Croaker said, "No, but you should start in the library and see if there is any previous research. Even if there isn't anything to answer all of your questions, there may be something to answer a few and give you a good start. In fact, I'll help you with that start when we're done here. Does anyone have anything else?"No one did, so Croaker helped Harry with the copies of the memories, saving only the graveyard scene, which he put in a small jar to give to Bones soon. The group broke up with Croaker coming with Harry to the library.The search for Dark Mark only turned up one report written back in the 70's and it only mentioned that Death Eaters had it and was used to call other Death Eaters."Nothing I didn't already know, so I should do this?" asked Harry."It's as good a project as any. You can split your time, maybe one third on this with the rest of your time on your normal work," Croaker told him.Harry put the book back and returned to his desk. He started with a list of things he knew about the Dark Mark and then what he suspected. By the time he was ready to return home, he was starting to wonder if he could get his hands on a Death Eater and if that was allowed. He held that question for the time being.— — —After a nice dinner by Stolli, Augusta bid Harry to come to the parlor; Neville came along too and looked slightly amused.They all took a chair with the Lady of the house sitting in the chair nearest the fire. Stolli popped in long enough to put a small glass of a dark drink on the table next to the chair before he left.At Harry's questioning look, Augusta Longbottom said, "It is merely a glass of Port; I usually have one on most evenings."Now, from what I understand about where and how you were raised, we should discuss the knowledge you are lacking and fix your ignorance. It would be disgraceful if you were kept in the dark since you have the opportunity to fix that."Harry risked a glance at his friend and saw the amused look from earlier grow slightly - apparently his grandmother did too."Do not think you'll be getting off lightly, Neville, for you shall help with the teaching," his grandmother said, causing the boy to lose his smile. "In fact, I believe I will name the topic and you will teach while I observe to ensure you have learned all you should have."Neville looked even less amused.By the time Augusta Longbottom was ready to retire for the evening, Harry knew much more about the Wizarding world and "his station" then he had ever heard about before. He suspected this was but the tip of the iceberg as Lady Longbottom said there would be many more evenings like this.[Sat, Jul 6]The three had barely finished breakfast when Algernon Croaker showed up. "If we can get this finished, then you won't have to see me again on weekends," he said in a slight teasing manner as he led them out into the back garden."Harry, I remember you being successful once. Let's see you do it again." Croaker watched closely.Harry Apparated a few meters away and grinned."Very good. I want you to continue doing that, let's say ten times. Go all over the garden, including to the front of the house and back at least once since you can't see it from here," Croaker told him. "I'll work with Neville for a few minutes to help him.Harry started moving around the outside, including going to the front door and out to the large greenhouse Neville enjoyed so much. He returned to the starting area twelve "hops" later to see Neville scrunching his face up and them Apparating successfully a few meters, only to do it again a few seconds later."Good job, mate," Harry congratulated him. Neville looked pleased and moved again."I think you have, lad," Croaker told his great-nephew before looking at Harry. "Have Stolli bring your work cloak and we'll do a final test."Harry called Stolli, who returned with his Unspeakable Cloak from his room a few seconds later. Putting it on and activating it, the change surprising Neville, he left and ended up in the receiving room in the Department of Mysteries.Croaker arrived a few seconds later. "Very good. Let's return."Arriving next to Neville, Harry turned his cloak's disguise off."Wicked," Neville said as his great-uncle arrived."And secret," Croaker told him before he pulled out a card and handed it to Harry. "I took the liberty of filling out the forms and filing them. It's entirely legal, even if the head of the department doesn't know about it," he ended with a smile, causing the two boys to chuckle. "I don't expect you to ever need to show it, but you have it just in case you're called out."Neville, I wanted you to know how to do this in case an emergency came up, but you'll have to wait and get your official license the normal way - sorry."Neville shrugged and said, "That's all right," even though he looked a little down.Croaker looked down for a moment, obviously understanding the boy's feelings. "To make it up to you a little, I've convinced your Gran to take you shopping for a new wand today and I'll give you this." He pulled a small wrapped package out from an inside pocket.Neville ripped the paper off and opened the box to find a new wand holder. "Thanks, Uncle Algie! This is great!" He gave the man a quick hug."Go show your Gran and tell her it's time to go. I'll see you later, Neville," Croaker told him kindly. "I need a few words with Harry before I leave."Harry watched Neville leave and then looked at Croaker again. "Now that you can come to work by yourself, you won't have to see me as much." He pulled out an unwrapped small box and handed it to Harry. "You need one too, since I noticed you didn't have one.""Thank you," Harry told the man, understanding why he'd waited until Neville had left. He planned to not tell Neville where his had come from, if his friend ever saw it or asked."Enjoy the rest of your weekend, but don't neglect your meditation exercises," Croaker told him. "Betty says you're doing well with Occlumency and she hopes you'll have the basics mastered in a few weeks."That pleased Harry. "Thank you, I'll practice."Croaker nodded and left.Harry made it inside just in time to give a good-bye to his friend as he and his grandmother left.With the rest of the morning to himself, Harry went to his room and sat at the writing desk there. He called Stolli for some tea as he pulled out parchment and grabbed a quill. He decided on letters to the other five who went to the Department of Mysteries with him. He included Neville so he'd have a letter he could show as if Harry wasn't here. He'd give them to Hedwig this evening to deliver.[Sun, Jul 7]Hermione wasn't sure what had awakened her; it wasn't time to get up yet as she saw out her open window that the sky outside was just starting to lighten. Rolling over to return to sleep, she heard a crinkle. Surprised, she moved over and found a rolled up letter with her name on it and well known writing, even if she could barely see it.She laid it on her nightstand and flopped back on her bed. Why would Harry be writing her already? They'd only been home about a week. It had to be him; she recognized his writing and Hedwig was the only owl she'd ever encountered who she thought was smart enough to fly through her open window and leave the correct letter and continue on unassisted.As her room continued to brighten slowly, she considered what to do. Feeling as if she probably wouldn't get back to sleep and knowing her father would already be up, so it was probable she could get breakfast now, she rose.A few minutes later, letter in hand, she opened her bedroom door and went downstairs. The smell of coffee confirmed her father was up. He claimed he liked coffee from his days in the army; that was also why he was a habitual early riser."Good morning, Hermione. You're up early," her father told her as she entered the kitchen."It happens sometimes," she answered sleepily as she grabbed a glass and started her search in the fridge for the orange juice she knew would be there."Problems?" he asked, setting the newspaper down."Not really," she answered as she found the juice and poured. "Harry's owl dropped a letter off and it woke me up.""Ahh," he said with a light quiet laugh, "your curiosity has besieged you."Hermione harrumphed as she sat down at the small breakfast table and pulled out the letter."Shall I start breakfast?""Sure," she said as she started to read.Her father had breakfast well underway but he still noticed when she'd finished reading as he asked, "Anything important? You look surprised."Hermione drummed her fingers on the table lightly for a moment. "He says he's doing well and all the usual things, but he's also done something that's probably good for him yet probably also very stupid.""Those are two phrases that rarely go together," he commented lightly as he continued cooking breakfast. "What has he done?""He says he's left his relatives' house," she said before she snorted lightly. "He says he's safe, but I don't see how he could be any safer since Dumbledore said that was the best place for him."Her father pulled some plates out as he said, "Honey, I won't pretend to understand his situation, but it sounds like you and he have a different value of 'best'. You seem to be trusting this Dumbledore chap - your Headmaster, right?" At her nod, he continued, "But Harry has a different view of the matter. Does this Dumbledore ever spend any time over there?""Of course not, he's too busy doing other important things," she answered and then realized the trap she'd fallen into. Here it comes, she thought."Well, I only made Sargeant in the Army," her father said as he placed a plate of food in front of her, "and I know that sometimes the officers had extra information they didn't always share with us, but when it came to a difference of opinion on what was really happening, I learned to trust the man who was really there doing the work. He was far more likely to be the one with the realistic view.""Dad, not everything is like it was for you in the Army," she complained tiredly, having been through conversations like this before."I'm not saying it's exactly like it. No, Hermione, I'm saying the concepts are the same. Think about it," he told her as he sat down with his own plate. "Who going to know, really know, what's going on? The trooper in the situation who's goal is staying alive or the general miles away who's trying to juggle many tasks for many people? Hmm?""Fine, I agree that Harry will know better what's happening exactly, but he's not keeping the bigger picture in mind, as you like to go on about," she returned.He grinned at her as he reached for his coffee. "True enough and my analogy breaks down here. Let me ask you one more question. Is this Dumbledore a relative or guardian for Harry? Does he have any legal authority over him?"Hermione hesitated before she said, "I don't think so.""Then he's just a Headmaster and Harry's not in school; therefore, the man has no right to tell Harry what to do just like he doesn't have the right to tell you what to do during the summer either," her father argued."But he's our leader!" Hermione said quickly."Did you or Harry vote him into that position? Or did your Ministry make him a commander of some sort?" he asked."Well, no, but many look up to him," she said."Ahh, like the leader of a club. Are you a member or is Harry?""No, we're not old enough," she sighed slightly."I'm glad to hear that," her father told her. "Sounds like Harry can do what he wants if being somewhere else is better for him. I know you don't like to hear it honey, but not every home is as good as what you have here. Some parents or guardians really shouldn't be one and their children should have better care.""I know, but it's…" she started but couldn't finish and looked down at her nearly empty plate."But he's your friend," her father finished for her. "Is he more than a friend?"Hermione jerked her head up in surprise to find her father looking at her seriously. "No, Dad, he's just a friend. Perhaps he's my best friend there, but more like the brother I never had."He patted her hand and smiled lovingly. "I'm sorry we never gave you a brother, Hermione. Your mother and I started that adventure a little late in life. We're very pleased to have you though.""I know and I love you too, Dad."— — —Luna was just sitting up in bed and stretching when she heard soft sound as a white owl landed on her window sill. "You look familiar," she said as she rose. "You go with Harry, don't you?"The owl barked quietly and reached down and pulled off a letter from her bundle with her beak and held it out."Why thank you. There are many field mice near our garden if you have time for one and there is water in the top of the fountain below you."The white owl barked appreciatively before turning around to jump and glide down to the fountain.Luna opened the letter and saw it was indeed from Harry. She smiled as she read that he was doing well. She was pleased that he'd written to her.— — —Ginny was a bit blurry-eyed as she sat at the table and ate breakfast. So it took a moment for her to realize the sound she was hearing was pecking at the window. Being the only one there, her mother was in the kitchen but probably wasn't aware of the owl, she rose and went over and opened the window fully. She was well aware of whose owl this was."Come in Hedwig. Do you need a drink or a snack?" Ginny removed the letters as the owl stuck out her leg.Hedwig gave a small bark before turning and flying off.Ginny noted that one letter was for her and the other for her brother, which she placed on the table in the position he normally sat. Taking her seat, she unrolled the letter and read as she ate a piece of bacon slowly.Finishing the letter, she put it down beside her place and considered what she'd read. She appreciated that Harry saw her as her own person because he could have written one letter to the two of them, but he'd sent a letter to her and personalized it. While that was nice, the more interesting part was his description of what he'd done this summer. She continued to eat slowly as she thought some more.By the time she was done, she thought she understood what Harry wanted, but hadn't said. Knowing her brother as she did, she put her letter in her pocket, took her dishes back to the kitchen, and then headed to her room without a word to her mother about the letter. This would be Ron's moment and, honestly, after the time at the Department of Mysteries a few weeks ago, she wanted to not attract attention to herself. Her mother's vocalizations of displeasure after they'd returned home had been epic.— — —Ron came down for breakfast not too long after Ginny had returned to her room. As usual, he headed for the kitchen first for a plate while his mother was cleaning up. Going to the table, he sat his plate down then noticed his plate was sitting funny and something was sticky out at the top. Picking up his plate again, he saw a partially smashed rolled-up letter and shook his head at being more asleep than he'd realized. He grabbed the letter and put his plate back down, satisfied it was sitting normally and wouldn't spill anything.Taking a few bites to get started, he opened the letter and realized it was from Harry. He continued to eat, though more slowly, as he read the letter. Reaching the end, he was surprised but happy for his friend in having a better place to live.It wasn't until he finished his eggs that the full meaning of what Harry had done really sank in - he'd defied Dumbledore! He thought it through as he used his toast to help eat the last of his beans. Deciding another minute probably wouldn't matter, he ate the last of his breakfast before he hurried to the kitchen.Seeing his mother, he thrust the letter at her. "Read this!" Seeing her scowl at him, he didn't say anything else, but he knew she needed to know and he didn't really want to be the one to tell her, not after their trip to the Ministry a few weeks ago. He placed his plate in the sink then turned around to watch. He did have enough curiosity to stay, even if it meant getting yelled at a little, though he couldn't imagine how it'd be his fault.Ron watched his mother pale and knew she'd reached the important part; then he watched her leave hurriedly and make a Floo call. He took that as the signal to leave, please he'd delivered the message and hadn't gotten in trouble.— — —Albus Dumbledore looked at the one remaining silver instrument in his office as Molly Weasley watched him nervously. The instrument puffed only pale green smoke and did not split nor form a serpent head as he expected. He wished more instruments were working, but Harry had broken them and Albus had yet to repair them, if they could be repaired. This one had survived only because it had been on a different shelf.As he sat heavily in his chair, Molly asked, "What do you know?""He's very much alive and he's healthy," Albus answered slowly, not understanding what the instrument was really indicating."But you don't know where?" Molly continued."I'm afraid not. Since we do not have Sirius's house available to us, do you mind if we have an Order meeting at your house this evening?" he asked."Of course not," Molly replied, "we'll be happy to host it.""Thank you, Molly. I shall see you this evening at seven and I'll send out a notice shortly after I verify something. Also, thank you for bringing this to my attention." He gave her a smile and watched her return home via the Floo Network.Albus pondered this development for several minutes.The instrument reading showed Riddle's magic was no longer in Harry, though how that could be he had trouble imagining since he'd checked the day after the fight in the Ministry Riddle's magic was there. So now, either the instrument was malfunctioning or something had happened to Harry to purge the Horcrux from him in the last week. Albus would have bet his life that would have required Harry dying and that seemed not to be the case now. He was sure Riddle had not hit Harry with a Killing Curse because he was sure he would have heard about that from Severus or Riddle proclaiming it himself.Coming to no conclusion that made sense, he felt he had one idea left. Rising he went to find his Deputy.A few minutes later, she opened her door after he'd knocked. "Albus, is something amiss?""Possibly. I was wondering if you'd accompany me on a trip to Surrey to verify a report that has reached me."Her eyes narrowed slightly. "This has to do with Potter, doesn't it?" She stepped out and closed her door. "Let's go," she said, not waiting for an answer.Albus smiled as he walked behind her, only slightly surprised at her determination.They walked in silence until they neared the gates to the school. "What trouble are we investigating?" she asked at last."The report given states that Harry has left the Dursleys. The letter said he was safe, but that is the only word we have from him," he answered.She looked at him. "I applaud his leaving, so this is find out what drove him out and if he left any clue as to where he is?""It is the safest place for him," Albus countered as they walked through the gates.McGonagall snorted lightly. "It was the easiest place for you. I've seen how he looks when he comes back after every summer. They do not treat him well. You can tell me how safe it is every year, but I'm starting to not believe it anymore. To the park near his house?" She transfigured her attire into a plain black dress that went to the ground."Yes," Albus said with a sigh as he transfigured his clothes into a dark gray suit that had been fashionable 40 years ago.They Apparated to the park and then walked to #4 Privet Drive and knocked on the door."Yes?" Petunia Dursley answered the door."Mrs Dursley, we'd like to come in and talk to you about your nephew," Dumbledore said.She blinked at him. "I don't know what you're trying to do, but neither of us have a nephew. Good day." Petunia closed the door.The two professors looked at each other. "That was odd. It appeared she didn't recognize us." McGonagall said."It was, especially since she seemed to telling the truth, she doesn't think she has a nephew," said Dumbledore. "I'm afraid we're going to have to force our way in to determine what is going on.""I don't believe that to be necessary. It's obvious that someone has performed magic here; she has no memory of Harry nor us, and I wouldn't be surprised to find she didn't know of the magical world at all.""I must be sure though." Albus pulled his wand out and cast an unlocking charm on door before pushing his way in. Minerva had little choice but to follow. They saw Petunia standing not far away talking to her husband in a chair.Vernon surged to his feet. "I don't know how you came in through a locked door, but you must leave right now."Albus just waved his wand in an arc and both Muggles froze where they were."Really, must you treat them like this?" McGonagall protested."If they are truly innocent, then I shall leave them innocent when we go." Albus stepped forward and cast "Legilimens" on Petunia and stared into her eyes for a minute. He then turned and did the same to Vernon.When he finished, he looked at his colleague. "It is as you say. They have no knowledge of us or Harry or magic. To Petunia, Lily died when she was a young child; Vernon has no memory of her at all. Someone was very thorough." He did another spell and sighed. "The protective wards here are completely gone."You might as well go," he told his Deputy. "I'll be right behind you as soon as I remove the memory of our visit and release them."Minerva nodded and Apparated from there back to the gates of the school. Albus appeared a half minute behind her and they started walking back towards the castle."Now what?" she asked."We'll have an Order meeting tonight," he replied. "We'll start a discreet search.""Did you not say that Harry said he was safe?" she asked."I did, but these are perilous times, especially for him.""Do you plan to explain that?" she asked."It would be best if I didn't. It is simply important that we find him to keep him safe," Albus told her."You do know that it's not hard for those of us who know about the prophecy to guess that the prophecy refers to Mr Potter and that he'll be the one to kill You-Know-Who," she commented. "Also, the Daily Prophet said just that as well the other day, so who are you trying to fool?""It is one thing to guess, another to know a secret truth," he stated.Minerva sighed. "Albus, I still support you in this war; but for all of our sakes, please stop playing these games, especially with Mr Potter.""Do you believe this is a game?" he asked her, sounding disappointed."Of course not, but I do believe you've turned it into a game, whether you consciously think of it that way or not. If you're serious about the war, then step down as Supreme Mugwump and Headmaster to have more time to deal with the war. I think you can do some good as Chief Warlock if that was your only position."Dumbledore replied, "The meeting will be at seven at the Weasleys." They went their separate ways at the front door.Minerva McGonagall was not pleased to have her advice dismissed so casually.— — —Minerva watched the meeting from the side of the Weasleys' living room. She was not impressed and was starting to wonder how much good the Order really did.People were arguing over what to do. A few were questioning looking for Harry at all, which she supported since he said he was all right and school wasn't in session. Several were demanding to know if the Daily Prophet was correct in that Harry was the Chosen One. Albus was deflecting as much as possible but not really "leading".The most amusing part to her was watching Moody berate Fletcher for losing Moody's extra Invisibility Cloak. On the other hand, once Moody had heard of the incident, he had stated that they now knew when Potter had left; everyone agreed with that, even Albus.The only other not making a scene tonight was Snape. The only thing he'd said was that the Dark Lord wasn't looking for Potter when Albus had asked him.She had been trying to trick Albus this afternoon into saying something useful, which he hadn't fallen for. Minerva was a little sad that her thought about Albus and the Order not doing much that helped the war was true; it made her wonder if she should continue to be a part of this. She'd stay a part for now, but she was truly starting to wonder..

(A/N: Anyone want some action? :)[Mon, Jul 8]Severus Snape continued to think about his idea from last evening as he ate dinner. While it was possible that he'd hurt the war effort, for he truly didn't want the Dark Lord to win, he didn't believe anything truly bad would happen and this would probably make himself look better to the Dark Lord - or least make him look a little more reliable.Finishing his rather good meal at his house, he put his Death Eater mask in an inside pocket and Apparated to a special room in Malfoy Manor, one that only let those with the Dark Mark in or out - except for the Dark Lord who was keyed into them personally since he didn't wear the Dark Mark himself.Snape walked into the formal dining room where he found the Dark Lord, Bella, and Lucius having dinner. He was reasonably sure this arrangement upset Narcissa, but Narcissa not being allowed to eat in her own dining room was Lucius's problem.Severus bowed in the doorway and stayed bent at the waist. "My Lord, I come bringing news."Voldemort put his silverware down and looked at him. "Come in Severus and tell us your news.""My Lord, I've recently learned that Potter is no longer at his relatives house and is out from under those wards."Voldemort sat up a little straighter. "Oh? Does Dumbledore know where he is?""No, my Lord; he is searching and quite vexed with Potter.""Very interesting news, Severus. Have a seat and pour yourself some of the wine. It is excellent." The Dark Lord leaned back and looked thoughtful. "Lucius, your arm," he commanded.Lucius Malfoy had no choice but to comply, almost but not completely hiding his wince when the Dark Lord pressed his wand to the man's Dark Mark."Severus,", the Dark Lord asked thoughtfully, "I believe Potter had five friends with him at the Ministry?""Yes, my Lord; you are correct.""Do you know where each of those families live?"Severus didn't allow a single muscle to twitch or a single hint of his sudden doubt of the wisdom of his plan to show. "Yes, my Lord."Voldemort reached forward and picked up his glass of wine and still continued to think as he swirled the wine slowly.A moment later, Peter Pettigrew arrived, bowing at the doorway as well. "You called, my Lord?""I did." He picked up a spoon and touched his wand to it so that it glowed blue briefly. "Take this Portkey." He tossed it down the table so it landed near the end and near Peter. "Be sure to turn into your other form as soon as you arrive. Then make your way to #4 Privet Drive. Do your best not to be seen, but see if you can touch the front door or the back door. Severus implies you'll be able to, but we shall test that. Return as soon as possible and I'm sure Lucius would like the spoon back.""Yes, my Lord." Peter picked up the spoon and left, but not before Snape saw a mischievous grin on the balding man making Snape wonder if the spoon would come back or not."Lucius, I need quill, ink, and parchment." Riddle returned to his dinner while Lucius called a house-elf for the writing materials.As Riddle finished his dinner, the elf returned and set the materials down before taking away Riddle's plate. The Dark Lord never acknowledged the little creature in any way. He started scratching some notes, pausing occasionally to look up at each there.Riddle finished his task in about ten minutes while Snape slowly sipped his wine. Pettigrew took another five minutes before he returned and Snape noticed no spoon was set on the table."My Lord, I was able to do as you asked. To be sure, I checked both the front and back door and I was able to touch each," Peter said proudly."Excellent work, Peter. Take a seat and help yourself to a glass of wine." Riddle looked over. "Your arm again, Lucius." Slowly Lucius bared his left arm and held it out, wincing a little more this time.It was definite, Snape thought. Lucius was in a difficult position. Probably the only thing that had kept him from being killed after the fiasco at the Ministry a few weeks ago was his buying a pardon for all the captured Death Eaters so they were free again."I shall await everyone in the Ballroom," Voldemort said as he rose. "Lucius, please see that all the arrivals come to me."Everyone arose and those with a little wine left downed it hurriedly and then followed the Dark Lord, except for Lucius who went to the transport room. Voldemort stopped on the way and whispered to Bella who nodded at the instructions and left in another direction.A few minutes later, Death Eaters started to arrive. Bella returned with Draco in tow. Snape hid his concern, starting to doubt his plan even more. He had only wanted the Dark Lord to order everyone to look for Potter and cause some concern. Now however, it appeared he was putting Draco in danger and he had no way to prevent it. It was obvious to him that Draco was going to be used to punish Lucius in yet another way.As the 29th Death Eater arrived, Voldemort told the last one to go tell Lucius to join them.Lucius entered the room and froze, seeing his son in this group for the first time that evening.Voldemort seemed to smile, or probably what he thought one was. "Draco Malfoy. I've heard that you wish to serve me, to promote the Pureblood way. Is that true?""Yes, my Lord," Draco said eagerly."Very good. Come forward so that you can receive the Dark Mark and officially become one of us," the Dark Lord commanded.Snape watch their master stare at Lucius, silently commanding him to keep quiet, which was done but just barely. Draco, though, eagerly walked forward and knelt on one knee."Your left arm," was commanded and Draco obeyed, holding out his bare left arm. Voldemort did a spell, ending with his wand touching the boy's arm, causing the boy to hiss in pain. At least he hadn't screamed."Very good, Draco," the Dark Lord said silkily. "Go stand next to your father for you shall accompany him on your first mission. "Yaxley!""Yes, my Lord.""You are to sneak into the Ministry tonight. At eleven, you will modify the Floo Network so that it will not transport anyone, but it will allow calls. Can you do that?" Voldemort looked at the man."Yes, my Lord, it will be done.""Be sure you can escape also. I want Aurors responding to calls of destress, but I don't want people escaping. Peter!" Voldemort looked to the next."Yes, my Lord.""After I give all of my assignments, pick two others to go with you. I will give you another Portkey and you are to return to the Dursleys. Do not burn the house down, but you can do anything in the house that you like as long as all of Potter's family are dead when you leave. I do suggest you don't stay for more than about fifteen minutes," the Dark Lord said."Thank you, my Lord.""Bella, I shall let you complete some unfinished business. Take Robbins," Voldemort nodded in the direction of their Curse Breaker, "and three others and visit the Longbottoms. I would prefer they die, but whatever you do, do not take long.""Thank you for the gift, my Lord. It shall be as you ask," Bella gushed with pleasure."McNair, I've heard you like them young, take three others and visit the home of Xeno Lovegood and his daughter. Snape will make a Portkey for you. Kill the man and bring the daughter back here. She's to remain alive but she can stay in your company until I have use for her.""Yes, my Lord. It shall be as you say," Walden McNair said with anticipation."Rookwood," the Dark Lord looked at him. "You are skilled with wards too, but will need more help. Take Avery and four others to the Weasleys. Kill all but the girl and bring her here. It is more likely reinforcements will go there first, so do not dawdle.""Yes, my Lord, it shall be so," Rookwood said while Avery said, "Yes, my Lord.""Finally," Voldemort looked at the Malfoys. "Lucius, you, your son, and I think Goyle will visit the Mudblood that's Potter's friend. Again, kill the Muggle parents but bring the girl back alive. You can use the parents to teach young Draco the Killing Curse. Snape will supply the Portkey.""In all cases, the girls will be brought back so that they can bare us more Death Eaters, so do not hurt them so that is impossible. A few bruises don't matter though if they need a lesson to learn to obey. Other than Yaxley, those with assignments are to leave at eleven. The remaining ones will come with me, that includes you Severus.""Yes, my Lord," Snape intoned, silently damning himself for this plan now. He didn't care about the adults of these families getting hurt or killed, but he regretted the students that were about to be lost - even Granger for she had some real potential for Potions if she ever set her mind to it. Most of all, he hoped Draco returned unharmed."All will stay here until it's time to go. Lucius will provide food as needed. Lucius, have your house-elf bring some real rope. Severus, come and make Portkeys with me," the Dark Lord commanded and all complied, most eagerly anticipating the evening's raids.— — —Snape watched Yaxley leave at fifteen before eleven and he resigned himself to this mad plan, as he'd been unable to get any message spell off to Dumbledore. He also vowed to himself to never suggest anything like this again. His only good thought was that Potter wasn't with any of these families, so if Dumbledore was correct and Potter was the key to winning the war, he'd survive the night. Perhaps the death of all of his friends would also motivate the boy to take the war more seriously and to train ... or Severus hoped that's how it would go.At eleven, the other teams left. Ten minutes later, the Dark Lord was sure the Aurors were busy responding to multiple attacks, so he had Snape and the remaining eight Death Eaters grab the rope Portkey before Voldemort touched his wand to it … sending the last team on yet one more raid.— — —Harry was woken by a soft pinging; he also noticed that the lights in his room had also turned on by themselves but they were red instead of white. He put his shoes on quickly before he grabbed his work cloak and wand.Just before he reached his door, Neville opened his bedroom door, slamming it to the wall. "Harry, we're under attack! Good, you're up, let's go!"Harry followed his friend out of the room to the end of the hallway where Lady Longbottom was looking at what was normally a picture but now showed a map of the land with an outline for the house. There was a blinking blue dot on it. Unlike his Marauder's Map, there were no indications of people.Seeing the boys approach, she pointed at a window. "Don't be seen, but look out to the right of the gates. Do you see anyone?"Neville pulled the curtain aside just enough for his head. "Yes, I see at least one lighting spell and some other spells from another person.""Keep watching. Let's see if Algie really knew what he was doing." Augusta touched her wand to a spot on the map/picture.Neville yelped and stepped back. "That was bright! All I can see are spots!"Harry moved forward and looked out the window. "I don't see anyone doing spells. There's not enough of a moon out to see much, but I think they're all on the ground." He noticed the blinking blue dot was now gone from the map."The attack has stopped, let's go look." Augusta turned and started walking quickly. "Harry, you will come with me and be the guard; your cloak will help you. Neville, you will stay in the front doorway to observe."Harry was surprised she knew the cloak had some protection built in; then again, the Head Unspeakable was her brother."Gran-" he started to object before he was cut off."Neville!" she shouted to override him. "You will stay safe; I will not fail your parents as I did once before. If anything happens to myself, you are the last Longbottom and you will head to the safe room and you will activate the emergency ward. Do you understand?""Gran!" he started to complain again."Neville! No arguing! Stolli!""Yes, Mistress," the elf said as it he popped in."If anything bad happens to me on the grounds, you will take Neville to the safe room and make sure he stays even if he orders you to let him go. My order takes priority," Augusta ordered as they reached the front door."Yes, Mistress," the elf answered.Neville looked angry but held his tongue this time."Neville, I know you don't like this, but this is for the good of the family. Mr Potter, if I go down, save yourself and come back in here and go the safe room with Neville.""Yes, ma'am," Harry answered, knowing that was the only answer he could give, though he'd do his best to bring her with him. Neville gave him a look that said he better bring her back and he nodded to his friend."Let's go," she led the way.The two walked out the front door; Harry moved to the left so they weren't standing next to each other."No lights," she whispered.Halfway there, Harry's eyes were adjusting to the lower light. It looked like there were five people on the ground. The area to the right of the gates did look significantly darker and he thought there was a slight burnt smell in the air. Gripping his wand tighter and holding it in front of him a little higher, he walked on with Neville's grandmother.When they were about ten meters from the group on the other side of the fence, one of the bodies started to move, to crawl towards another. Harry's dull red Stunning spell leapt towards the one moving, but a brighter red spell was cast at the same time by the older woman who was closer to the gates.Harry heard a yell and then a crack just before his spell arrived. Looking closer he saw a separated arm lying next to another body; the one who left had been trying to take someone with him.Augusta did a spell on each body with the one next to the severed arm being the only one that glowed. She did another severing spell and the head rolled a little so they now had four dead bodies. She also summoned the arm, letting it drop beside her. "Let's see him try to get his arm back now," she said smugly. "Slowly back, Mr Potter. There's nothing more to see or do here until we get some help.""I could send a message to Algie," Harry suggested, glad the man had taught him the spell recently."Splendid idea, do that please," she asked as they continued to walk back to the house while still watching where they'd been attacked in case someone else suddenly appeared.Harry sent the message. He'd continue to send it every five minutes until the man arrived, in case he was already asleep.— — —Peter led his group, quietly walking to #4 and then around to the back garden to be less noticeable. A quick spell unlocked the back door. He grinned as he looked down and saw the silver spoon with the Malfoy crest on it. He thought the police would have fun with that clue.Remaining quiet, the group entered the house. It would be a very long fifteen minutes for the three occupants of #4 before they died and they never knew why this was happening.— — —Walden McNair looked at the house across the open field as he and his team stood at the edge of the woods. One of his men had a NEWT in Runes and knew about wards, so he was examining what was in front of them. "Well?" he asked quietly."Just basic wards," the young Death Eater answered. "As long as we don't use magic, we should be fine."McNair smiled as he gripped his signature axe a little tighter. "Let's go then."The group hadn't taken more than four steps when a couple of fairies flew up and looked at them. McNair swatted at one, hitting it with the flat of his blade and knocking it away, where it landed and didn't move. He looked at the other but it had already zoomed away. He grinned as a conqueror as he moved forward.They had moved only another ten steps when he felt a stinging in the back of each thigh and he went down in surprise. The area lighted considerably by an entire flock of little fairies, he saw. He started to get up when he saw two little creatures the size of small shaggy dogs with a sharp jagged horn out of its head somewhat like a unicorn - the horn also had a little bit of blood on it.As he reached for his wand, the little shaggy creatures charged him with their horns forward. McNair was too busy trying to save himself to pay attention to the screams of his men.A few minutes later, the field was quiet and the self-appointed guardians retreated into the woods again, with the fairies erasing the small hoof marks on the ground before they left. The occupants of the house continued to sleep blissfully and ignorant of what might have been.— — —Rookwood surveyed the house in front of him, knowing that he'd be going up against wards erected by Albus Dumbledore to protect the Potter boy when he was here. He relished the idea and felt he was up to the task as a former Unspeakable. He was good with Runes even if Wards weren't his specialty.He had forgotten about the oldest son of this family.Detecting the edge of the wards was child's play. He had the two most junior members stand with their back to the house and hold their lit wand in front of them. That would give him a little light and block it from view of those in the house. Very clever he thought … then he got to work.Avery and the other two stood back a little ways and watched quietly.After a few minutes, Rookwood stood. "We need to move over a little. I think I found one of the anchor stones and that will make it easier."Finding a spot he liked better, Rookwood had the two hold lights again and he returned to work and tried to work as quickly as he could.Avery was bored and amused himself with fantasies of what he could do with the girl here, how maybe he could father a child with her and then watch her face as he took the child way.Rookwood called the other two over to hold their lit wands so he could see better.Avery returned to his fantasies and never noticed the sudden pulse of a "rock" on each side of the group. He was the only one in position to have seen that. Rookwood would have known what it meant, but his view was blocked. With Rookwood's next spell, the two "rocks" and the "anchor" all light brightly. Avery did see what looked like lightening coming up from the ground. It was the last thing he saw before he fell on his back.— — —Ron woke to shouting from his father. "Ron! Ginny! Get your wands and get down here instantly!" He wasn't sure how, but he was wide awake; then again, he wasn't sure he had ever fully fallen asleep as he had been reading a Quidditch magazine not long ago. He grabbed his wand and hurried out of his room in his bare feet to see his mother waving him down as she sent his sister down to the ground floor."Hurry, Ron, we're under attack!"Her yelling didn't motivate him nearly as much as her words did. He took the stairs three at a time with his long legs and caught up with Ginny."Try the Floo to your aunt's house," their father told them as he looked out the window.Ginny did that. "It's not working right. It fizzles and only shows a very small green flame," she announced."It's compromised, don't do anything with it," her father told them as their mother hurried in. "I've already sent a message off to Bill and Moody. Bill told me when he set these up that the wards should hold up long enough for help to come as long as there aren't too many attackers. However, I don't see anyone out there. Molly, look out front.""How do you know we're under attack?" Ron had to ask."The alarm Bill set up was unmistakable," his father answered as he went to another window and looked out."I don't see anyone out here," Molly called from the other room.Ron and Ginny gravitated to a window of their own to watch as they all waited nervously, each with their wand held tightly and eagerly awaiting help.— — —Dan Granger was a little annoyed with himself for drinking that last drink tonight. He didn't have any dental procedures scheduled for the next morning, but here he was having to relieve himself when he hadn't gone to bed all that long ago. Still, the cool breeze coming in the bathroom window did feel good.He was about to flush when he thought he heard voices, which would be unusual as they lived in a quiet neighborhood. Ignoring the toilet, he put his head in the lower half of the half-opened window and listened."Quiet," was whispered harshly, then Dan had to struggle to heard the next parts."We search the downstairs first then go upstairs. Remember, the girl is sixteen, so she'll look like an adult so you can't kill anyone without making sure who you're casting at.""Father, can I take the Mudblood? I'll show her her place and I promise I won't hurt her too much.""We'll see; first we have to get her back to the Manor. Goyle, you unlock the door and go first. Remember, they're Muggles so this should be easy."Dan shook his head and left the toilet unflushed as he hurried back into the bedroom before the clowns downstairs could enter the house and hear him. "Emma!" he hissed and shook her shoulder.Her eyes blinked open with a panicked look."Shush," he whispered to her. "There are people about to break in with the intention of killing us and kidnapping Hermione; they're from her world, I think.""Have you called the police?" she whispered back."Don't think I want them here right now. I think I'll show these wizards what I learned in the army." He turned and went to the closet. As he turned on the light in there, Emma was closing the door.While he worked the safe, he whispered, "Emma, this won't be bits of clay we're shooting at.""I won't let them do anything to our daughter, nor will I have anyone thinking they can kill us just because." She took her 20 gauge from her husband and grabbed a handful of shells for her pocket and a second handful to load. When she looked up he was already loading his 12 gauge."You stay here in the bedroom. If anyone comes in the doorway, let him have it. I'll go to the guest bathroom and wait. I'll let the first one go by and take the second. If you hear me fire, step out and shoot anyone you see. I won't leave the bathroom."Emma kissed her husband quickly. "Be careful, dear.""You too and be quiet, they're probably in the house by now." He turned the light off and she opened the closet door.Dan checked the hallway carefully before heading out of the bedroom. He could hear murmured voices as he crept slowly down the hallway. Near the bathroom he came to the first issue. He lost the wall on his left as that was only a railing above the living room. Still, he couldn't see anyone down there, so he crept a little fast and took longer strides.He made it to the guest bathroom safely and stepped in. Looking around, he decided to stand in the bathtub. Luckily, the shower curtain was pushed to the back. Slowly, he stepped into the tub with it only making one small creaking sound. He was behind a short wall and by leaning he could see the doorway.His hands were shaking slightly but he took some slow deep breaths and forced himself to wait. He had surprise on his side along with five shells in his shotgun and five more in his pocket. He doubted he'd need more than the first five with Emma helping him. The shotgun also meant he didn't have to be quite as accurate as a pistol would have required.A long moment later he heard the creak that was made by the third stair. Now he was glad he'd never fixed that tread.Leaning left just enough for his left eye to see the doorway, a moment later he watched a tall adult walk by and stop to look into the bathroom, his silhouette barely seen from a nightlight downstairs. Dan froze completely, knowing the eye was attracted to movement and he was in the deep shadows with the window shade down and almost no moon tonight.The figure moved forward. When the doorway was clear again, Dan lifted his left foot over the low edge of the tub and placed it on the mat. He also shifted the shotgun to his left shoulder. This was not his preference, but precision wasn't required here. His "target" was barely two meters away and he wanted the wall as a potential shield. Now he had to hope the second person would pass by here before the first went to the bedroom.A large adult was finally visible in the doorway in front of him. "Drop the wand!" Dan shouted. Instead, the silhouette of a man turned to him and raised his arm. Dan fired his shotgun and automatically pumped the next round into the chamber as the man went flying backward, flipping over the banister rail, and crashing on something below in the living room.Another figure, only a little smaller than the first jumped into the doorway and shouted, "Avada Kedavra!"Dan pulled the shotgun up as he lounged to the right, his shoulder hitting the tiled side wall, only his left foot outside the tub and not behind the short wall. Fortunately, the green spell was at body height and hit the window, blowing it and all of its frame out into the back garden.Shifting his weight to move left again, Dan landed on his left foot with the shotgun pointing forward again. He could clearly see the figure in the doorway. He fired the shotgun and again watched a figure be flung backward and go crashing down into the living room. His shotgun was pumped for the next round as the crash came."Freeze and drop the wand!" he heard shouted before another gunshot was fired and a large thump sounded.A door being opened caused him to race forward to the doorway but not into the hallway. He couldn't see anyone but he heard his daughter's panicked voice. "What's going on?!""Stay in your room and stay quiet, we're being attacked," Emma's firm doctor's voice ordered."But-""Hermione, for once shut up and obey! Dan?!""I got two of them and it looks clear," he answered."It's clear looking down the hallway.""I'm coming out." He stuck just his head out; looking left he saw his wife with the shotgun pointed down at the man on the floor with his daughter in her doorway behind his wife, wand in Hermione's hand. He kicked the wand that was near the man's hand at his feet away before reaching for the neck. He shook his head."Go ahead and call the police. I think there were only three but I'll check," he said as he stood."Hermione," Emma was still using her take charge tone, "use the phone in our room and call the police. Tell them someone broke into the house but it should be safe now along with our address. Don't say anything else, don't mention our shotguns.""Yes, Mum," the girl said contritely and sounding a little scared though she didn't move yet."Go on, Dan, I'll cover you from up here until we're sure they're all out of the fight," she told her husband.Dan was actually thankful for her idea and nodded before he started to carefully walk to the railing and look down. He could barely make out two bodies with the nightlight and they didn't seem to be moving. He walked over and turned on the switch for the lights on the stairway. It blinded him for a moment as it would have anyone else down below also, but he could now see for certain the two bodies weren't moving, just as he could see their coffee table would have to be replaced.A minute later after checking for pulses he looked up at Emma and said, "They won't be a problem either. I'll look around."Other than the back door standing open without it being broken, everything looked normal, so he returned upstairs. He flicked the safety on and laid the shotgun on the bed, followed by the unused shells in his pocket. Emma did the same and then threw herself at him and they hugged tightly, each drawing strength from the other."Err, the police said they'd be here shortly," Hermione volunteered quietly.Dan opened an arm and Hermione hurried over to have an arm from her mother pull her in as well. "We'll be fine," he told them with more confidence than he felt. "After we deal with the police, we'll gather a few things and head to a hotel for a few days, all right?" He didn't wait for an answer."Hermione, I heard them in the backyard say they were going to come in and kidnap you and kill us. That's why we reacted as we did. I know you've only seen the one up here, but do you recognize him?" Dan asked and she nodded against his body. "So he's from your world?""Yes," she almost squeaked."All right, we leave the part out that we have an idea who these people are and why they could be here, but everything else is the truth and we'll share that as anyone else would. There will be questions none of us can answer and we leave it at that and let the police deal with the unanswered questions. All right?" He received two yeses."Also, go hide your wand and anything else magical you have," Dan told his daughter.— — —With his mask on, Snape landed in front of a good-sized Manor house, though he didn't recognize whose for the moment."Spread out around the house to make sure no one escapes. Kill anyone who comes out," the Dark Lord ordered.Snape moved over but was still in sight of the Dark Lord, so he had a good position to watch as the wards were taken down. The alarm was heard but only seconds before the wards failed; Snape was impressed."Advance slowly," the amplified voice of the Dark Lord called out.When they were halfway to the house, Voldemort fired three spells. The first broke a window, the second started a fire, the third sealed the window back. "Seal all the windows but not the doors," he called out.Snape had no choice but to comply and join the others. As he did, he realized he was now close enough to the front door to see who owned this manor. This was the home of Amelia Bones, Director of the DMLE and, more importantly, the best replacement for Fudge.Suddenly, there was flashes of spell fire coming from the side. Snape followed the Dark Lord over. There he saw what looked like a body on the ground and Amelia Bones casting for all she was worth and also using the Killing Curse, causing a Death Eater to go down.With her attention focused on her right, she never saw the Dark Lord who was mostly behind her now cast a Killing Curse and knock her off the porch.As the Dark Lord started to walk over, multiple cracks were heard from the front of the house as three squads of Aurors showed up just a little too late to save one of their own. It was also many more Aurors than expected. "Leave!" Voldemort's voice shouted as a few spells were exchanged and then all of the living Death Eaters left.The little transport room was crowded, but they left it quickly. Back in the Ballroom, Snape found two wounded from the fight and attended to them. He also saw all of Pettigrew's team there and there looked to be a burnt body that was missing an arm. He kept an ear open as he worked."What happened?" Voldemort asked as he stood next to the body."I don't know, my Lord," Pettigrew answered. "We found him in the transport room when we returned. Our mission went perfectly."The Dark Lord studied the body, obviously a corpse. "That's Robbins, is Bella or anyone else from her team here?""Not that I've seen, my Lord," Peter answered."What of the other teams?""Yours is the only other, my Lord, but it is only twenty after." Peter noticed a new arrival. "Yaxley has just returned.""Yaxley?" the leader called the man over."It went as you ordered," Yaxley replied. "I had a little trouble leaving as the Aurors were very stirred up not long before I left."The Dark Lord nodded as he assimilated that. "Then we wait."When no one else returned in another hour, not even Lucius, their master sent them all away so he could think. Snape was appreciative he wasn't being blamed for this.— — —It was half-eleven when Algernon Croaker showed up with Betty and Dupree at his side. He sent a message to Harry to come out. Harry went out with the other two following."I told you it'd work," Harry heard Dupree say to their superior as they approached."One got away," Betty pointed to the arm, "but if we are lucky, blood loss will have rectified that error."Croaker rolled the headless body over and grunted. "Female, I wonder if we could be so lucky." He rolled the head over and smiled savagely. "Oh, excellent bit of work. The Mad-Bitch has been put down.""Algernon, such uncouth language!" Augusta admonished him before she asked, "Really?""Looks like Bellatrix to me," he said with the aid of two other wands for light. "I'll bring the Aurors. Harry, inside and don't come out for anything before work tomorrow. As far as everyone is concerned, Harry was never here.""Yes, a very good bit of work," Croaker said with a smile before he left with a crack, followed by the other two Unspeakables.— — —"They're here," Arthur called out, bringing relief to the entire family, before he walked out of the house to find Bill, Fleur, Moody, and Lupin."Did you see any others?" Moody called out. "These are all dead.""No, we really didn't see anyone at all," Arthur answered. "Those must have already been on the ground.""Lupin, let's go check out the rest of the perimeter," Moody ordered and the pair left for their walk at a quick pace."They fell for it," Bill said as he looked around. "Something I learned while in Egypt. Took two of our team; glad I had that day off."Arthur cleared his throat and noticed his wife looked ill at hearing that. His younger children didn't look too much better. "Yes, well, what happened?""There's a trap here that looks like a ward anchor stone. When he tried to disarm it, he really set it off. It creates the equivalent of a lightning bolt, and a rather large one. It's an area affect so if they were all standing close enough…" Bill waved his hand around that wasn't holding his lit wand."Fried Death Eater," Ron supplied helpfully."Ron!" his mother chastised him, but the boy shrugged and no one else seemed overly bothered about the trap that kept them safe, not even his sister."Too bad you couldn't get Shacklebolt to come; I guess I'll have to call the Aurors," Arthur said."Couldn't, he'd been recalled, Tonks too," Moody said as the pair came from the other side, having completed their circular walk. "I don't think this was the only attack, but we can wait until you can get them here."They had to wait until midnight when the third shift arrived, not that the second shift had been let go at the normal time due to all the activity.[Tue, Jul 9]Narcissa Malfoy had not slept well the previous night and now was up early. Neither her husband nor her son were in their beds and she didn't know why. She also didn't like the "monster" staying in her house nor how he treated them. She felt like a prisoner in her own home. Her beliefs were ignored in her concern for her family.An owl arrived at her window. She opened the window and took the letter; the owl left immediately. She froze for a moment seeing the seal of Gringotts on the letter.Taking a deep breath, she pushed her fears aside for a moment and opened it, reading quickly. It was as she feared - she was the last Malfoy. Many emotions threatened to burst out of her, but she managed to hold them back for the moment."Tippy," she called in a hoarse voice.Their last house-elf arrive. "Mistress called."She wondered why she hadn't thought to ask this last night. "Can you feel Lucius or Draco?"The elf looked scared but finally said, "No mistress."It was confirmed. "Do you remember my dowry house?""Yes, mistress.""You are not to be seen by anyone else still in this house, but start gathering all of my things and take them to that house. Then you will continue to not be seen and gather anything of value here and take those things to that house. You will not go into or take anything from Lucius's hidden room. When you are done with all of that, bring all the food left in the kitchen and anything you need from it, as well as whatever you need to live. I do not believe we will not be returning here anytime soon, maybe never again.""Yes, mistress." The elf popped away.Narcissa walked down the stairs and into the study; thankful "the monster" was sleeping or out. She opened the secret safe and pulled out some documents and several Gringotts keys before she re-secured and hid the safe. She wrote a note saying "Since you took my husband and child, the house is yours too." Walking out the front door, she dropped the note on the table in the foyer, not caring when or even if it was found.Once outside, she Apparated to the home that had been given for her dowry, which they had used for a summer home when they had been newly married. They hadn't visited here for over ten years. Looking around, she could see that Tippy had already made at least one trip and then another stack of boxes appeared.Narcissa wondered if this was far enough away or if she needed to move to the continent. That was really a question for later though. Now, she dropped into a chair and held her face in her hands and let the emotions she'd bottled up come out as yet another stack of boxes appeared.— — —"That's unusual to see here," Xeno said as he looked out their kitchen window before he walked to the back door and out of the house; Luna followed.At the edge of their property they found carrion birds feasting on four bodies. "I'm not sure we should disrupt their meal, but should we call the Aurors, Father?""In a moment, my dear. Look at that one there on the right. See those puncture wounds? That's what I'd expect a Crumpled Horned Snorkack to make," he told his daughter."Perhaps, but we both know this isn't a cold enough environment for them to live in. Also," Luna pointed, "look at the ground. It's soft but there are no hoof marks.""Oh, you're so very right; how disappointing," he replied. "Still, I know we'll find one someday."They stood there and watched the birds eat for a few moments. "Father, shouldn't we call the Aurors?" Luna asked again."I suppose we must. The birds won't eat the bones," he answered as they both returned to the house. Xeno found the Floo to work as usual and called the Aurors to come remove the bodies.— — —Since not all departments were manned during the night, Matilda Hopkirk entered her office to find a notice on the sensor for magic. She picked it up and started to record the incident so she could add it to the person's file before a warning was sent out when she noticed what had been recorded: a Killing Curse. She stared at that for a moment while her mind whirled with questions on what to do - this wasn't a simple school charm.Deciding this was more than she was prepared to handle, she walked it down to the DMLE. There, she found a very riled up department and a Head Auror who looked like he'd been up all night. Nevertheless, she handed the notice to Rufus Scrimgeour with a brief explanation before she returned to her office, glad she had been able to hand this one off.Scrimgeour was about to hand this off to two junior Aurors until the name Hermione Granger finally settled into a place he had context for: the incident in the Department of Mysteries with Harry Potter maybe two weeks ago. That had been a strange report to read and now here was her name again.Looking around, he called, "Shacklebolt!" When the Senior Auror came over, Scrimgeour handed the notice to him. "Take someone and go check this out. I can't think of any reason for an underage Muggleborn to cast a Killing Curse in the middle of the night. All of the other activity makes me wonder what's going on and if this is connected."Shacklebolt easily recognized the name from being around her last summer. Why her name was on a notice and warning for underage magic, and with that spell, was disturbing. "Yes sir."He looked around and saw Tonks off to the side talking with someone. Might as well keep this a little more private, Shacklebolt thought and went over to the Metamorphmagus. "I need you to come with me on an investigation." Since she looked like she was about to protest, he handed the notice to her.As soon as she read it she told the Auror she was talking to "Gotta run" and followed her partner for this task. "What do you know about this?" she asked as they walked."Only what you just read," he held his hand out and received the notice back. "I'm almost afraid of what we'll find, but I can't figure out why an underage wizard would cast that spell in a Muggle neighborhood.""Yeah, that is very difficult to explain," Tonks agreed.When they were at the Apparation area, they both left and arrived in the Granger's back garden."Bloody hell!" Tonks swore softly as the two looked at the large hole in the back of the house on the upper story."This complicates things," Shacklebolt said, pointing at the blue and white tape across the back door that said, "Police Do Not Cross". "Go look around the side and see if anyone is out front then come back. I'm going to look in the windows."Tonks returned a minute later. "Don't see any police cars out front. What did you find?""Looks like no one's home, so let's look inside," he said and walked to the back door. It was locked, but a simple unlocking charm changed that. They entered and then locked the door again.Inside, the two looked around. "Look at the damage," Tonks said when they arrived in the living room. "The table is smashed and that chair doesn't look so good. Oh, there's blood on the carpet too.""Yes, I noticed the blood right away," Shacklebolt said slowly as he looked around. "Notice that the damage is just past the edge of the opening above. Let's go up."At the top of the stairs, Tonks pointed down there hallway. "More blood on the carpet."Shacklebolt looked in the first doorway and saw the opening to the back. On a hunch, he walked over and did a spell on the wall; it glowed slightly on the edges. "Magical residue from a strong spell. Odds are the Killing Curse did that, but who cast it?"The next room was the master bedroom, then an unused bedroom, and finally a bedroom that was obviously Hermione's. "Not a thing that looks magical." Tonks said."No," Shacklebolt agreed. "Do you see her trunk?"Tonks looked in the closet. "No. Are you thinking they left after this happened?""The timestamp on the notice is about the same time as the other attacks, so this is one more we weren't aware of before." He looked at her. "Yes, I think they left after the attack; wouldn't you?""Yeah, I'd go somewhere else for at least a little while; maybe I'd just move," Tonks said after a moment's thought. "Now what?""Well, I have a few questions that I don't know how to answer and I'd really like the answers to them.""Besides what happened?" Tonks quipped with a smirk."Generally," Shacklebolt replied with his own smile, "but the first is, are they all right? Followed by who was hurt, and then where are the injured? I really doubt Hermione cast the Killing Curse, but then which underage wizard did?""Maybe send an owl to her and ask?" Tonks suggested hopefully."Can't hurt to try," Shacklebolt agreed. "Back to the office; we have a report to write and this investigation isn't over."— — —Harry entered the office an half-hour later than usual due to the late night. As he entered the office area, he was surprised to see "Heather" (who sat on the other side of Katherine from him) holding her hands up and doing a victory dance as she held a slip of parchment in one of the raised hands.As he passed Katherine, he asked, "What's up?""Heather made another true prophecy, not that it matters much," the woman said with a small smile, obviously not meaning it as an insult."Hey!" Heather objected but not strenuously. "I'll have you know that while I may not make big predictions like The Great Cassandra, I have one of the highest prophecy counts and most of them have been verified as fulfilled."Here's my latest from two nights ago." Heather read from the parchment. "The bones will be found in the dark. It's not much, but what happened last night?""Someone walked into a dark cave and found some bones?" Inigo asked mockingly and received a glare from the woman."No, the Aurors are saying the Amelia Bones was attacked last night and she survived by hiding under her porch in the dark. See, it's true!" Heather proclaimed.Harry wasn't sure whether to be amused or not. "Do you have any others?"Katherine groaned, "Don't encourage her.""I have lots!" Heather said proudly."And the ones that aren't true?" Freddie asked a little unkindly."A few haven't been verified," Heather deflated and turned to the little cork board behind her and pulled a stack of slips that had been pinned to the board and she pulled off the top one. "Here's one from 1981: The fly will escape the toad."Harry snorted. "You should see what Dolores Umbridge was doing in 1981 then." Everyone stared at him. "What? Haven't you all noticed how much she looks like a toad?" That drew a laugh from everyone, including Heather who was scribbling down the idea."What about this one?" Heather looked at him. "The turban will hide in the ashes."Harry blinked and walked over and held out his hand. Heather gave him the whole stack of prophecies to look at. Harry noticed the one she read said May 1981."Fulfilled," he said and handed it back and looked at the next one."What? How? When?" she exclaimed."The king bird and king snake will fight then live together," Harry read quietly and all there either stopped their talking or only whispered to a neighbor as they looked at him. "Fulfilled.""What? Mike, you have to tell me," Heather demanded.He read, "The raven will roar like a lion." After thinking about it and all he could come up with was Luna's hat, he shrugged and handed it back then read, "The rat will outsmart the dog and his boy." He had to take a deep breath and said, "Fulfilled."Even Heather was quiet now and all were paying rapt attention. "Three will become four by the unseen one. Sadly true." He handed it back and read, "The beloved and lost two will rescue the missing one from the reborn one." Harry had trouble swallowing then handed it back. "It happened."He read the last silently before he set it down and walked out of the office area at a quick pace. He need to be elsewhere now.Heather picked up the last and read, "The dying dog will unleash lightning & thunder. If that's true too, how does he know what they mean?"The room suddenly rocked a little and dust floated down lightly from the ceiling. Dupree whipped out his wand and cast two message spells as everyone looked around.Betty was the first to arrive and it was so quickly she must have already been on her way. "What happened?" she snapped."Mike's upset," Dupree said. "Maybe the training room?"Betty turned and ran. Everyone looked at Dupree for more information when Croaker ran in. "What's the emergency and where did you send Betty?" He looked at Dupree."Mike's upset and I hoped she could calm him," Dupree answered."What upset him?" Croaker asked tightly, demandingly."Heather showed him some of her prophecies. We didn't think anything about it because you know how vague they are," Dupree held out his hand towards Heather helplessly.Croaker walked forward and held his hand out and she handed the stack over. "Did he say anything?""He didn't know about one, but he said six were fulfilled and then he left on the last one," she explained quietly. "How does he know?"Croaker looked through them all and especially the last one. He thought he understood.Looking around he said, "I know who all of you are when you're not here. All of you have connections to Wizengamot members, heads of departments other than me, important people in our society - even the Minister. You know people and you know stories many don't. Mike is no different from any of you. He has his own history which includes knowing important people and events which may not be well known. Some of those events are pleasant, some are not."He looked at Heather. "Do not press him on any of this; that's an order." He handed the slips back. "The last one should be marked as fulfilled also."Croaker left the quiet and contemplative group. He didn't have far to go. In the nearest training room, he found Betty holding Mike who was crying on her shoulder. He smiled slightly as Mike wasn't the first to do that and probably wouldn't be the last. Betty could make the tough calls and do the hard things when forced, but she was probably one of the most caring people he'd ever met.Closing the door behind himself, he walked over. "Having seen the memories, I'm sure some of those were hard to remember. Are you going to be all right - eventually?" He watched Mike sniffle and then back up and give Betty a sheepish, "Thanks, sorry." She just smiled at him as she conjured a tissue and handed it to him."Eventually," Mike said as he cleaned up the tear tracks. "The last one just hit me … badly," he ended unsure of himself."It's all right, we all have days that aren't what we'd like." Croaker didn't want to say this next part, but he decided it was better to get this out in private. "I've just returned from the Auror Department. Mike, there were a number of attacks last night, it wasn't just where you lived."Amelia Bones barely escaped with her life while her guard didn't. I also heard the Weasleys were attacked too." At Mike's sharp look, Croaker hurried on. "I've also heard they're fine. Sort of like where you were, they were frightened for a bit, but their wards kept them safe. That makes three attacks and I won't be surprised if there were others we haven't heard about yet."I know these events can be rough, but stay strong," Croaker encouraged him. "This is also why we do research. Sure, some of it is done 'just because', but other parts can make a difference. You, Dupree, and myself are working on questions that will affect and hopefully help you. I know it's hard to wait, but change requires time."Now, do you need the day off?" asked Croaker who watched his newest employee carefully."No," Harry shook his head. "A little bit time to clear my head and then some work on new spells to keep me busy, I think.""Right, we can do that," the man agreed."Not my class today, I think," Betty told him. "We'll pick it back up tomorrow. You're doing well and I don't want to ruin that when you'd have trouble staying focused."Harry nodded thankfully. He'd get through this, he told himself.Croaker pulled out his wand and prepared himself to cast shields. A glance at the hole in the spell reinforced wall was all the reminder he needed to be ready for anything.— — —Hermione woke about noon still feeling tired since she hadn't made it into a bed until nearly four in the morning, with the previous day stretching for over twenty hours. For some reason she wasn't surprised to see her mother still asleep in the other bed and her father reading the newspaper, though he was still in his pyjamas.Remembering back, the interview with the police had been stressful but they were fairly understanding about being attacked, at least after her father had shown them the damage in the bathroom and repeated the conversation he'd overheard from the men.The mysteries had also piled up. The largest had been how the window and a good bit of the wall had been blown out of the house and no obvious weapon had been found; the sticks found near the attackers obviously couldn't have done that the officers had said. Then there was the unlocking of the back door without breaking it while both of her parents had sworn it had been locked before the three Grangers had gone to bed. It was assumed the lock had been picked, but no little tools had been found. There were also concerns about why the Grangers had been targeted by complete strangers, not to mention no identification on any of the intruders other than her father saying he'd heard the name Goyle and the boy call one of the men father. No, the police had not been happy by the number of open questions.At least they should be safe now as it was very unlikely the Death Eaters would find them in a hotel.Her mother stirred, so Hermione got up and started to get ready; her mother and father did also. They went down and had a quiet brunch in the hotel restaurant. She noted her father looking pensive and her mother didn't look any better. Hermione supposed she might feel the same way if she'd killed someone last night.Back in their hotel room, her father said, "Take a seat, Hermione, we need to talk about our plans.""All right." She sat beside her mother on the bed while her father took the chair again."There are a few obvious things which must be done, such as working with the police, though I won't be surprised if this is moved to Scotland Yard. We'll need to find a place to rent while that and a few other things are being done … such as having the house repaired." Her father looked at her mother for a moment before he continued."We've also been talking with some others in the area and we've located another dentist who's willing to buy our practice for a reasonable price." That surprised Hermione. "After the house is repaired, we'll put it up for sale and by the end of the summer - if all goes well - we'll move west. If you want to stay in a school for Magicals, you can transfer to the one in the area … Salem I think it's called from our research."It finally hit Hermione exactly what he was saying. "You mean…but…""Hermione," her father's voice lowered slightly and seemed to turn to steel. "We've been attacked and would have been killed by people we can't really fight except for the shear dumb luck that I was up later than normal and happened to overhear them, not to mention that we had the means to protect ourselves. This is a bad position tactically. So we will be leaving and that includes you since you're still our responsibility.""But-""We know what happened a couple of weeks ago, your professor sent us a letter about your fight and injury," her father told her, shocking her into silence. "That's twice and makes it enemy action. We can't fight this, or I'd stay; so we'll leave and let those who can fight take care of it."Hermione blinked at him, not quite able to believe what she was hearing. She finally turned to her mother and saw the same resolve; she'd get no help from there she realized. "I'll be returning to Hogwarts by the time you're ready to leave. I'll be safe there.""Will you?" he asked with disbelief and sarcasm. "Just like you were safe when you were almost gutted like a fish a couple of weeks ago?"Her mouth opened and then snapped shut as she tried to determine if she was just surprised or angry too, not quite willing to accept his view as the hard truth."Honey," her mother said softly, "we love you and care about you and we want you to be safe. Therefore, you're coming with us. You can go to that other school if you want or you can attend a normal school, but you will not be returning to Hogwarts. You will also not be returning to England until you've finished the other school and have sufficient chance to protect yourself if you're that foolhardy to return to a war. No, we will not be paying for you to return to Hogwarts and we will not sign any release for you to attend there."The teen wanted to retort, yell and scream even, but she knew it'd do no good. Her mother was stubborn and her father worse in that regard. She thought about it all for a few long moments looking for a way to stay with her friends, but could only think of one."Harry needs me to help him," she said pleadingly."Write him a letter with all the advice you can think of," her father answered, still with a pointed look.That was her only play and it had been a weak one, so she dropped her head and nodded meekly - all fight gone.Her mother wrapped her arms around her. "We know it's difficult for you to give up your friends like this and we don't want to make you since we know you've had so much difficulty finding true friends; but we think it's more important you stay alive. If they're really your friend, they'll understand and will welcome you back with open arms in two or preferably three years."Hermione could only nod as she wept quietly on her mother's shoulder. She felt her father's strong hand on her shoulder squeezing gently and then on her head caressing it lightly. She loved them back, but she'd miss her friends so. She'd write long letters and learn as much as she could before she returned in two years she promised herself.— — —Severus Snape entered the Headmaster's office and took a seat. He knew what was coming the instant he'd received the summons. He was dreading it; wondering what he should share.The old man looked at him kindly, yet still with a look that was piercing with his blue eyes. "Severus, what can you tell me about the attacks last night?""I'm sorry, but I was unable to send word; the Dark Lord kept me by his side the entire time."Albus nodded but didn't say anything and waited."The Dark Lord wanted to flush out Potter." Severus couldn't admit to telling the Dark wizard the news about Potter. "He commanded me to make a few Portkeys for him and then he sent teams out. I was commanded to follow him to Bones' Manor. After, I had to heal all who were injured." His Occlumency failed him for once as he dropped his face into his hands. "Draco is gone."Dumbledore looked at him in puzzlement. "I'm sorry, Severus. I haven't heard about him. What happened?"Snape sat up and regained his composure in a few seconds by clearing his mind of the emotions of his loss. "Draco was goaded into taking the Dark Mark before he, Lucius, and Goyle were sent on what should have been an easy raid. They never returned.""Where?" was asked gently."The Grangers, so yet another loss. She was insufferable, but she had true potential with Potions," replied Severus stoically."I'll have someone go check," Albus said. "What else can you tell me?"He considered the results again; he had been doing so for almost every moment he wasn't asleep. "The Dark Lord lost 18, 19 with Draco." For the first time, Snape considered that his plan had actually caused the most damage to the Dark Lord in a single blow, even if it had been accidental. On the other hand, he knew he'd have trouble living with himself over Draco's death, which would haunt him for his remaining years, as Lily's death continued to do.Albus sat up suddenly as he worked through that, oblivious to the man's inner turmoil. "Astounding," he murmured as he considered the news, wondering what this would do Voldemort's plans as well as wondering how many more attacks he was unaware of. "Perhaps you could get me a list?"Snape stood a little woodenly before he started leaving. "Later. I must retire for more rest."It was only now that Albus truly noticed the man countenance and posture, the grief he was trying to hide. For the young man to slip so badly spoke volumes. "Yes, get some rest. We'll talk later and I shall try to have some good news for you."It was approaching dusk. Albus penned a quick letter and send it off with an owl.— — —As the sun was setting, Hermione was sitting by the pool in shorts and a T-shirt as she read a book, though she wasn't sure she was really comprehending it too well at the moment. Her emotions were all over the place and she was having many internal conversations: some with her parents about what she should have said, should still say to her parents, to her friends, and strangely even to Draco Malfoy - though the last was impossible now.Her pondering was interrupted by an owl suddenly swooping in and landing on the arm of her chair. As quickly as she could, she removed the note attached as inconspicuously as possible, whispered "thank you" to the owl, and watched it take flight. Glancing around she saw only one man looking at her with great puzzlement, but no one else seemed to have noticed the odd event.Hiding the note, she returned to her book and used her peripheral vision to watch the man. Eventually, he shook his head and returned to his newspaper. Pulling the note back out, she read the short note and was surprised when her mother's voice broke into her thoughts."Is it important?"Looking around again and seeing that no one was paying them any attention, she looked up and said softly, "I've been requested to meet the other police. They noticed something had been done and need some answers."Her mother nodded at the cryptic answer and was just as quiet. "I'm surprised it took them this long based on how they portray themselves. When and where?""Any time between now and ten at the pub near where I get my school supplies," she answered as she watched her mother frown and think for a moment."This will not make your father happy, but I suppose it can't be helped." Her mother thought a bit more. "We can leave here when he returns and find dinner out before we go.""Where did he go?""He's starting the sale of our practice and arranging for a flat for us to stay in for the next month. Hopefully, the majority of the police work will be taken care of by then and we can travel abroad," her mother answered.— — —Hermione and her mother were back in their room and saw her father return wearing a suit jacket that looked a little bulky on him. He kissed his wife lightly and smiled. "An old mate helped out like I'd hoped."Her mother didn't look pleased but nodded anyway. "The other police have contacted Hermione and we need to talk to them before ten this evening. They're in that pub we walk through to get to the magical alley.""I'll be ready this time," he said gravely. "Reilly agreed to buy us out immediately and at the same price. The contract is off to the lawyers. I had time to find some contractors and because I was willing to pay extra, they'll be out tomorrow to start. A few of my old mates from the unit have agreed to join us for the morning for support in case any more terrorists come by.""The moving company said it'd be the end of the week before they could come and pack us up," her mother said, surprising the girl who hadn't known her mother was making phone calls. "If you don't mind, I'd like to sell all the furniture and buy new on the other end. There would be less to pack and move that way."Her father nodded. "That's fine. Let me grab one more thing so we can go. Dinner before I assume?""Yes," her mother replied.After rummaging in his suitcase for a moment and putting something inside his pocket, he led them out and to the car.— — —Tonks took a sip of her beer and looked around the pub. "Thanks for picking up the tab," she told her partner. "Best assignment ever."Kingsley chuckled. "Only the first two are on me. I have to agree this is easy, at least if she comes."It wasn't too long after that Tonks said, "She's here, probably with her father." She held up her hand. The girl saw and pointed, causing the pair to walk over.Kingsley stood and stepped around to the side of the booth by Tonks and waited until the pair stood in front of them. "Kingsley Shacklebolt, Senior Auror," he said and held out his hand, feeling a very firm grip."Daniel Granger, Hermione's father." It was a brisk and gruff greeting, almost rude."My partner is known as Tonks, who's a Junior Auror. Please have a seat." Shacklebolt sat beside Tonks, leaving the other bench open.Hermione sat and scooted in, leaving the outside for her father."If you don't mind, I'd like to put up a privacy spell so people won't overhear us," Shacklebolt said and pulled out his wand. He noticed Granger stiffen and his hand went to the opening in his jacket, but he stopped there and watched carefully. Granger didn't relax until the wand was put away."We do not have much time, but what can we help you with," Daniel Granger asked, still brisk.Shacklebolt looked at his partner and saw the same look of concern he felt. "We have a notice of a Killing Curse being used at your house last night by a minor. As we don't believe Hermione would have done that, we have to ask what happened and is everyone in your family safe.""We are safe," Daniel answered. "My wife is outside waiting on us. As for your notice, it was triggered by three individuals invading our house in an attempt to kill my wife and me plus kidnap our daughter. The magic was done by them.""We're glad you're all uninjured," Shacklebolt said slowly, trying to piece it all together. "Could you give us more details please? For example, can you tell us who it was and if they said anything when they left that could lead us to them?" The father smiled in a way that made the Senior Auror uncomfortable; Granger also kept one hand in his lap for some reason."I heard them call one Goyle. My daughter identified the other two as Malfoys. The younger one was my daughter's age and probably was the one to set off your alarm when he cast a spell that blew out the back of our house," Granger answered.Shacklebolt noticed Hermione was looking down and didn't seem inclined to participate, letting her father do all the talking. "All right, that would explain the underage magic usage. Since all of you are uninjured and those like your visitors have a reputation for killing their victims, I assume you did something to scare them away?""You could say that." Granger's scary smile was back for a brief moment. "I happened to be up and heard them before they entered the house. We … stopped them and our police took them away. Perhaps you can have their bodies back if you'll answer some of the questions we aren't allowed to answer.""They're dead?" Tonks asked quietly and in shock."Some people don't like strangers invading their home, especially in the middle of the night and when extreme violence is suggested. They were warned to drop their weapons, but they didn't. That's the rules in our world," Daniel Granger said with steel."I see," Kingsley said, feeling every bit as horrified as Tonks looked. "Whom should we speak with?""The Crawley Police took them away, but the case may have moved to Scotland Yard as it's being viewed as a terrorist attack," Granger said as if he didn't care. "Is there going to be any issue for Hermione?""Unlikely, but to be honest, politics may cause a few difficulties. Retrieving their wands to prove who did the Killing Curse would remove any doubt," Shacklebolt explained."Good luck with that as the police have them as evidence in the crime," Granger said with a slight smile. "Is there anything else or can we go?""Hermione, you've been very quiet," Tonks said. "Are you all right?"The girl looked up with unshed tears in her eyes. "I never expected to be attacked in our own home." She looked at her father. "I understand, I think. I don't like it, but I understand."His hard look softened but he made no move towards her. "We love you and we always will." That said, he stood, his hand staying near his stomach. "I'm glad we could clear this up. Let's go, my girl."Hermione told them good-bye and stood, walking out beside her father.The Auror pair sat there and watched. "What the hell just happened?" Tonks asked finally."They defended themselves and I think she just realized the emotional impact of taking a life." He paused for a moment then added, "I think. I'm also starting to wonder if there was another conversation happening at the end.""Maybe," Tonks agreed. "So what do we do about this? If we say they killed the Malfoys, they won't be safe. Bloody hell, it'd be true about Goyle too just because the worthless idiot was a Pureblood.""Did you notice they never said who did it?" Shacklebolt said into the silence.Tonks snorted. "There's no doubt he did it. He's one of the scariest men I've ever met. Dad's a Muggleborn and he's told me some stories. Do you think he's someone from the last big Muggle war, you know, the one when we fought Grindelwald?""He's not old enough, but I think he could have done something like that." Kingsley thought for a moment. "All right, the story is they were visited by three Death Eaters, one of whom was a minor who cast a Killing Curse; but the Grangers scared them away by bringing attention to them so the Death Eaters left to avoid giving the secret of Magic away. Officially, we don't know where the attackers are or even who they are, but I know someone that might could talk to their police to get some information. I'll do that on the quiet and you'll say nothing about this…not even to the Order or Albus.""The story sounds a little lame, but fine by me. This is getting complicated and I don't want to get Hermione in trouble," she said."Agreed." Shacklebolt led them back to the office to write up the report. Albus had asked about Hermione Granger and an attack just before they'd come here; he'd get only the official story too.-Omake (I couldn't help but see as I was proofing)-Voldemort reached forward and picked up his glass of wine and still continued to think as he swirled the wine slowly and petted the pure white cat in his lap. "It's simple really, Mr Bond has to die..."(A/N: This chapter, and in a sense the idea for the story, was motivated by a story I read that had a Death Eater attack on the Grangers in their home, though that story went a much different path. [Of course to be honest, a number of stories do that now that I think about it.] Here, I gave Hermione's father a few terms in the Army for some practical combat experience, then showed the Wizards what Muggles can do. I've kind of wanted to do a "Harry leaves after his OWLS" story and eventually this all came together to what you're reading.)

(A/N: It was interesting to see the reactions in the reviews to what happened at the Grangers' and to Hermione [being pulled from Hogwarts]. Some matched my thoughts and questions and some didn't. I don't think it's giving anything away to say that she won't totally disappear.)[Wed, Jul 10]Harry came into work at his usual time of a little after seven. He grabbed one of the Daily Prophets kept in the department, so he didn't need a subscription.He sat at his desk intending to only skim through it for the highlights and then return it until he read the headline and then the other major storylines on the front page. He sat down without paying attention and avidly read the entire front page and multiple follow-up articles.Harry was still absorbed in his reading so Croaker seemed to appear suddenly. "Ready for this morning's session? I only have an hour today."Looking up, Harry realized he'd completely forgotten his schedule.Croaker looked down at the newspaper spread out on the desk. "Perhaps this is a day for talking…to my office."Harry had to hurry to catch up with him and they did go to his office and not the training room. Taking a seat, he blurted out the question that had been on his mind as he read. "I'm the reason my friends were attacked, aren't I?"Croaker looked thoughtful and took a moment to answer. "Harry, does it really matter? I understand where your emotions want to go; but in the big picture, does it really matter if you were the reason?""Yes! I don't want them hurt.""Hmm, do you plan to take responsibility? Did you order the attacks?" Croaker asked."Of course not, but-""Did you," Croaker interrupted, "order or carry out any of the other ten or so attacks over the last few weeks, most of which have not been publicized in our newspaper since they were against the Muggle world?""No, but-""Then if you aren't responsible for any of those, you aren't responsible for these latest ones either. Think, Harry, what connection do you have to Amelia Bones? Are you related to her or close friends with her?" Croaker looked at him."No."Croaker leaned forward. "I'll admit to having to guess at the intentions of a madman, but if you looked at what really happened and the timing of it all, this wasn't about you or your friends. At best, your friends were convenient excuses. They were meant to keep the Aurors busy while the real attack happened."Harry was confused as the older man laughed for a moment. "What's funny about that?""Sorry," Croaker apologized, forcing himself to regain control. "It just occurred to me that Voldemort picked the worst targets he could have. Oh, going after Bones was good tactically, but I think his plan was to distract the Aurors with the other attacks." He grinned again. "Except that by picking your friends he ended up sending many of his Death Eaters to their death because your friends have some of the better protected homes."Oh, I'm sure he didn't think that through. No, sending Bellatrix Lastrange back to Longbottom manor wasn't smart, though I'm starting to suspect he doesn't know of my connection there. The Weasleys? You've stayed there before and their oldest son is a Curse Breaker. Really bad choice there. I have no idea what happened at the Lovegoods, but the deceased mother was once one of ours as a Spell Crafter and there's no telling what she had in place to protect their home. Your Muggle friend? She got lucky and I don't believe the story that her unnamed attackers were scared away because I'm aware that Muggles aren't as helpless as many Purebloods think they are."No, Harry, this isn't about you; your friends were merely convenient though badly chosen targets. It's also quite possible there were other targets we simply haven't learned about yet, like your Muggle friend whose story was late in coming," Croaker commented."Fine, I'm not responsible, but you just said they were chosen because they were my friends," Harry contested."In a way, yes; but not really," Croaker leaned back. "Again, we're having to get into the mind of a madman. He only needed five or six attacks to keep the Aurors busy, so the simplest explanation is that your friends were a convenient group to attack. You have to remember that Arthur Weasley is the head of a sub-department of the DMLE. Attacking him is going to get a response from the Aurors at any time. It's the timing in the attacks that's the key, Harry. The attacks were all a diversion to facilitate killing Amelia Bones. Voldemort just needed any set of people attacked a few minutes before to lessen the Auror response on his main target."Instead, good wards at the homes that were attacked denied him that advantage. He's really not completely all there mentally, which makes me wonder what not having parts of your soul does to you beyond losing the inhibitions most of us have against doing wrong. Yes, a very interesting question," Croaker said thoughtfully.Harry realized he wasn't going to get the answer he wanted, which did make him wonder if his first reaction was correct or not. He was also starting to understand that Croaker lived in a world of gray; he seemed to still have some form of right and wrong in his head, but Harry was wondering just how many things he would consider wrong that Croaker wouldn't."Thank you," Harry said as he stood, knowing the discussion wasn't going to be any more useful to him. "I'll go work on my research since you're not available today.""How is that going?" Croaker asked, sounding normal now."A little slow. I have a list of ways I think the Dark Mark can be used and I'm trying to come up with ways to test that." Harry paused, not sure how to say the next part. "I, uh, I can see that my lack of schooling is slowing me down. I need more theory."Croaker smiled slightly. "I wondered if you'd come to that conclusion. However, I think a better way to say it is that you don't have enough of it in the areas you haven't studied in. We may have to pull in Heather or Kathleen to help you on the theory, though without telling them who you really are. Liam maybe if Kathleen can't help, but probably not." He shrugged. "We'll cross those bridges when we get there."Harry considered the older man's comments as he walked away; he wasn't sure what to make of some of them.— — —Hermione looked around her new bedroom for the next month or so, if her parents' plan worked out. They were in a two bedroom flat about a thirty minute drive from their old house. She unpacked a few things but left all of her magical things in her trunk. She'd get to return to the house on Friday to get the rest of her things before the house was packed.According to her father, the hole in the back of their house might even be fixed by then. She suspected he'd had to offered a large bonus to the construction crew to achieve that.Sitting on her bed, for she didn't even have a proper desk, she used a large book as a writing surface. She could have used the dining room table but wanted to be undisturbed for a few hours as she wrote Harry about her situation. She had no idea when she'd get to send this to him.Hopefully she could get her parents to take her to Diagon Alley long enough to mail it, although that could be a hard battle. Her parents were fairly open about their disdain for the magical world now, not that she could blame them too much considering what had happened lately.She understood her parents reaction, really she did. Hermione just didn't like it.— — —Ginny was up in Ron's room since it was the furthest from the kitchen. They'd both read the Daily Prophet and Ginny had just returned from Luna's. "Well?" she asked."I don't know. Maybe all of us were attacked because we're Harry's friends; maybe not. It's hard to tell," he said with a shrug."Come on, Ron," she said with some exasperation, "It's really obvious we were. Luna agreed. That doesn't mean anything to us; I'm not going to stop being his friend.""I'm not either," said Ron with a hint of indignation that she though he might."Good, we need to write him to see how he's doing after this," she suggested."Don't know it'll do any good," he groused. "You know Errol wouldn't take Mum's letter. I need to write Hermione to make sure she's fine."Ginny tried to hide her smirk but couldn't fully. She wondered if Ron liked the girl only a little or lot. "Luna and I decided to each try to write Harry and hopefully one of ours would get through. Maybe the problem was Errol.""I tried too with Pig and it didn't work either," he said, surprising her."Hmm, a challenge then. I'll have to think about it. Too bad we don't know where Hedwig is," Ginny said and returned to her room.Ron decided a short note to Hermione couldn't hurt; maybe she had an idea on how to reach Harry.[Fri, Jul 12]Hermione heard an owl tapping on her bedroom window. Wondering if it was Harry's owl, she hurried out of bed and to the window. She wasn't disappointed to see Pigwidgeon, but she wasn't as excited as she would have been if it was Hedwig.Opening the window, she let the owl in and then closed it to ensure the owl couldn't leave immediately. "Stay there," she commanded as the bird took a perch on the back of the single chair in her room and seemed to look weary suddenly.Hermione grabbed a small bowl and left to get water. She set it on the window sill when she returned and also relieved the owl of its letter. While the owl drank, she read the short note.She was pleased that Ron had thought to ask how she was. She wasn't sure what to think that they hadn't heard from Harry and weren't able to send an owl to him. Part of her wanted to worry that the situation meant he was dead - she hated how her mind immediately jumped to that conclusion - but most likely it just meant he was hiding in a good enough place no one could send an owl to him."Stay there please, I'd like to write a return note," she told the little owl. She wasn't surprised to see it jump up and fly to the top shelf on her wall where it was a little darker and put its head under its wing. She supposed the owl would fly out this evening.The problem she had was what to tell Ron, which she considered as she readied herself for the day. By the time she was dressed and had brushed her hair, she decided a brief note only. Since Ron knew they had been attacked, she'd tell him everyone was all right and they were in hiding for the moment. She wasn't going to mention that she wouldn't be returning to school. No, she wouldn't do that yet.As she reached that conclusion, she was called to breakfast. After that, they were going to the house to pack. She'd be back before dinner and would write the short letter then. Ron would have it tomorrow morning and he could share it with Ginny.— — —Harry had changed his look via his cloak and sat near the front of the gallery, though on the opposite side of the room from Dumbledore. He was quite pleased that he could do this and not be recognized by the Headmaster - or anyone else.He didn't hate or even dislike the man, but he very much disliked some of the things the man had done and a few of the man's beliefs. The root issue he'd decided was that Dumbledore's actions frequently hurt others, whether he meant to or not, and Dumbledore was rarely affected…at least he felt that was true in regards to himself.The session was called to order and Harry watched the proceedings, closely watching Lady Longbottom in the Wizengamot. Knowing this was coming since their evening sessions for the last few nights had been about how the Wizengamot was set up and how it worked.The woman had mentioned that the Potters had had a seat at one time, but it was considered inactive at the moment - the Wizengamot didn't do proxies - and Harry couldn't take up the seat until he turned seventeen and there was a vacancy in the active fifty seats. As an Ancient and Noble house, he'd be given preference to fill a vacancy though.They'd also covered what would be happening today.Harry watched Fudge get called out for his performance for the last year - finally. The man's actions of ignoring the warnings that Voldemort had returned was finally coming back to bite him. Harry actually enjoyed listening to the accusations which Fudge couldn't refute because of what Fudge and Umbridge had done to him last year.The vote of no confidence was swift after that, with only three votes in the man's favor. Harry didn't recognize who they were, but he planned to ask Lady Longbottom later as he was sure those were families to keep an eye on.Watching it all, Harry started to get a better understanding of why Voldemort had attacked as he had. Croaker was correct, Bones had been the real target. Attacking his friends had merely been a distraction for the Aurors. It had worked out well for the "good side" that Voldemort had attacked those with strong wards around their homes. Harry still wasn't sure if the attacks were just because of who he was or because of the prophecy, though it could be argued those two reasons were one and the same. Or Croaker might be correct that his friends were merely a convenient group. He'd never know for sure.Then it was time to pick a new Minister for Magic. This would be for a one year term only with elections at the end of the year, or so Augusta had told him.As Dumbledore opened the floor for nominations, an older man stood up immediately. Dumbledore had barely pointed at him when man said, "I nominate Theodore Nott.""Seconded," another cried out and raised an arm.Harry recognized each of those as two of the three voters for Fudge. Given who they nominated, this was the Death Eater candidate he recognized. Augusta had said there almost certainly would be one. He also suspected the man was the father of the Slytherin boy in his year at Hogwarts.Augusta Longbottom was recognized and she stood. "I nominate Amelia Bones.""Seconded," said several others, each with a raised arm.Surprisingly to Harry, the woman mentioned stood and gave a forced smile. "Thank you for your confidence, Madam Longbottom and others; but I will politely decline." Various gasps and murmurs were heard around the room. She let them quiet down a little before she added, "I think I can do more for this country by remaining the Director of MLE. However, Chief Warlock, if I may?" Receiving a nod from Dumbledore, she said, "I'd like to nominate Rufus Scrimgeour. As the current Head Auror, I believe he will have a firm understanding of what's needed during this perilous time.""Seconded," called out a man barely ahead of several others, one of which was Augusta Longbottom."I nominate Albus Dumbledore," a man said as he stood.Dumbledore head up his hands before anyone could say anything. "I'm afraid I must also decline as I do not have the time to do the job adequately. Are there any other nominations?"After ten seconds of silence, Dumbledore said, "Let us vote. Those for Theodore Nott."Harry quickly counted and heard the same small number he'd come up with."That looks like nine for. Those for Rufus Scrimgeour?" Dumbledore waited a moment before counting.Harry saw it wasn't even close. It appeared that for most of those voting, they wanted security and that meant an Auror."That looks like thirty-seven for, leaving four abstaining," Dumbledore announced. "Rufus Scrimgeour has a majority of the votes and is the Interim Minister for Magic for a year, or until July twelfth of the year 1997, which will be when the next election is held. Mr Scrimgeour, if you will come up to be sworn in please."Harry watched a man who was probably in his sixties and hair that was half gray walk up. He had a slight limp; unfortunate for him but better than the situation Alastor Moody was in. He took the oath to defend Magical Britain and then was invited to say a few words.Scrimgeour looked at the Wizengamot and then the full audience area. "We've had better times; we've had far worse times. We have differences, but those can make us stronger if we come together. Join me and stand up together. Together, we will put a Dark Wizard down and then resume our peaceful life. I will work hard for you; please work with me. Thank you."Scrimgeour took a seat in the chair normally reserved for the Minister while everyone applauded. Harry noticed a few were doing so half-heartedly for show only.Dumbledore stood again and regained control. "As this was a special session with only one item on the agenda, I close this session." He banged the gavel and set it down before going over to Scrimgeour and congratulating him.Harry decided that was his cue to leave. He'd change back to his normal appearance at the entrance to the Department of Mysteries.— — —That evening, conversation was interesting in the Longbottom household. Neville asked the question that was also on Harry's mind. "Why did Bones turn down the nomination?""Why do you think?" the woman returned quickly.Neville looked at Harry slightly confused. "Because," Harry said, "she didn't want it. But then why gets asked again.""It does," the Lady of the manor said with a small smile. "This is politics but it might be for other reasons too, so why did she turn it down?""Maybe she doesn't want to be a target again?" Neville offered."I'm sure that was a very uncomfortable position," the Lady said, which Harry thought was an amazing understatement, "but Amelia Bones is capable of dealing with that.""It's a position she's doesn't want, as in doesn't think she'd like it?" Neville tried again."A good guess, since you don't know her all that well," Augusta commented. "I'm sure that's part of it, but not all and probably not the majority reason.""So she really wanted Scrimgeour to be Minister instead of her," Harry started and then paused to think that through."And?" Augusta said looking pleased."She thought he could do a better job as Minister?" Neville guessed."She said she thought she would be better staying as the Director of MLE, so she thought she could help more from that position than as Minister," Harry said tentatively.Augusta smiled at both of them. "I believe you're each correct. In addition, Rufus Scrimgeour has always had stronger political ambitions than Amelia Bones. Remember, more often than not there are multiple reasons for major events or decisions."Harry considered that and could see the wisdom in that statement, as he'd had several large reasons for leaving the Dursleys.The rest of the evening was given to discussion as to what might happen next in the Ministry. It caused Harry to realize how much he had to learn and caused him to be a little piqued at the Headmaster for not teaching at least some of this at Hogwarts.[Sat, Jul 13]At breakfast, Stolli popped in and handed a letter to Neville before he popped away. He opened it while his grandmother and Harry continued with breakfast. At the end, Neville shrugged and handed the letter to Harry.Harry took and read it also before setting it down."What are you going to do?" Neville asked."I guess I need to write Ginny and Luna - and Ron too - and let them know I'm fine," Harry said. "Probably need to talk to Algernon about the mail ward he placed on me; I need to be able to receive mail from some people."Considering it more, Harry added, "I'll say you saw me in Diagon Alley over the weekend and gave me the message to write them."Neville grinned. "A little redirection doesn't hurt."[Mon, Jul 15]When Harry went to work at his usual time, he found Croaker already in his office. "Do you have a moment?""Is there a problem?"Harry closed the door. "Does the mail redirection charm you placed on me stop all mail?""Yes. Oh, your friends," Croaker said in surprise and a little chagrin for not having thought of it earlier."Exactly," Harry said, glad he didn't have to explain it."My apologies. Lunch is on me and I'll fix it then. I'll set up a redirection to a box in Diagon Alley for you; several others have the same need. The house-elf that works for us can get yours every day along with the others." Croaker grinned. "The good thing about the service is that they check for spells and tampering and remove those. Howlers are also disabled. The department will pick up the cost, though it isn't much.""Err, thanks," Harry was happy this was so easy. He'd send his letter to his friends this evening.— — —Croaker put on a disguise also and the two went to the post office in Diagon Alley. There he rented a box and did a spell while Harry had his hand on it. Handing the box to the proprietor, Croaker led Harry to the Leaky Cauldron for lunch.[Tue, Jul 16]Hermione got up and walked into the kitchen to find breakfast.Her father was already up as usual. "This came for you a little bit ago. I'm not really into birds, but the white owl that delivered it was beautiful."Hermione closed her eyes and cursed mentally. "I wished I'd been up as I'd have sent a letter with her." Despite that setback, she was pleased to get a letter from her friend.When she put the letter down, her father looked at her, implying his question. "Nothing is wrong," she told him. "Harry says he heard we were attacked and he's also glad to hear we escaped unharmed. He says he's fine too and will write a longer letter soon."She hoped she'd be there when Hedwig arrived next time.— — —Ginny opened her letter and read. She assumed the other letter on the table for Ron said about the same thing.Her mother came into the room. "Was that Hedwig I saw leaving?""Yes, Mum." She finished reading and then looked up at her mother who was standing there looking at her, obviously waiting for news. "He says he's fine and he's glad we survived the attack.""That's all?" her mother asked, surprised."He also says sorry about not being able to send him post but he's under family wards that prevent that." As requested by Harry, Ginny left out the part that his friends could send post now but he didn't want all the adults doing that just yet."I wonder what family wards that would be," her mother said before she returned to the kitchen.Ginny thought that was a good question, but one she wouldn't be asking in a letter; she knew Harry well enough to know that.[Tue, Jul 30]Hermione had been rising a little earlier than usual all week. Her planning was rewarded when she saw Hedwig fly through the half-opened window and land on the back of the chair next to her. Her father looked up from his breakfast slightly startled in amazement at the sudden appearance of the bird as it had been totally silent during its glide in. She was further thrilled to see that the letter was a thick one."Let me get you something to drink," Hermione got up and retrieved a short glass out of the cabinet and put water in it, setting it before the owl. She then snagged a piece of bacon from her father's plate, which earned her a glare. She tore that up into bits and put it next to the water. Finally, she took the letter, which allowed the owl to take care of its needs. "Oh, please don't leave yet, I have a letter for you to take back to Harry."Hedwig gave a soft barking hoot and then returned to the small pile of bacon bits.As she finished, Hermione wondered what was really going on with all of her friends, other than Harry. "Do you want to rest here and go back this evening or should I give you the letter now?" When the owl shook her leg, Hermione said, "I'll go get it."When she returned, he father was looking at the owl carefully. "It acts like it can understand you somehow."The own turned his head around almost backward and gave several sharp barks, causing the man to pull his head back and sit up straight.Hermione couldn't help the soft giggle that escaped her. "Dad, magical post owls like Hedwig can understand us, at least as long as we ask or say simple sentences. The magic makes it possible, just like how they can find people even if they aren't at home.""Hmm," was all her father said to that as his daughter attached her thick letter to the owl's leg."Be safe, Hedwig and take care of Harry because it's going to be hard for me to that in the future." Hermione petted the owl and did her best to hold back her tears. As the owl took off, gliding for the short moment it took to go through the window, Hermione turned and walked quickly to her room. There she shut her door and cried softly yet again, wondering when she'd get to see Harry or really any of her friends again.— — —That evening, Augusta threw a small party for Neville and also included him as both boys' names were on the cake. "Uncle Algie" joined too. While small presents were exchanged, the best part of the time was when Augusta handed him a thin box. Opening the box, Harry found some photos."I'm sorry it took me so long to find them, but they were in storage," Augusta told him.Harry looked through them. There were a few with both of his parents and who he assumed was Neville's parents. "Your parents?" he asked his friend who nodded with a sad smile. Most of the pictures were only his mother and Neville's mother though. "Thank you," he told the older woman very sincerely. He'd add these to the book Hagrid had given him.[Wed, Jul 31]Harry was about to leave for work when Hedwig flew to him as he stepped outside. He let her sit on his shoulder while he took the letter and opened it. He wasn't too worried about being a few minutes late for work.He was sad as he read the part about her family being attacked. The worst caused him to freeze there and blink…his friend was moving away very soon. At the end of the letter, he found a Muggle photo of her for him to keep. She promised she'd return just as soon as she finished her seventh year.Taking several deep breaths to center himself, he slowly petted Hedwig who was still perched on his shoulder. He wondered if he could do anything to help her, but decided he probably couldn't since it was her parents forcing this move. About the best he could do was to let her know he understood and would always be her friend. He'd write a letter with that in it in the next few days.Putting the letter in his pocket, he let Hedwig fly up the small owlery before he went to work. He'd expected Ron and Hermione could help each other over him not being at school. Instead, they were all going separate ways…at least for now; he'd mostly decided not to return to Hogwarts a few days ago. Work felt a little more lonely today at his realization.[Thu, Aug 1]When Harry arrived at work, he found a plain box on his desk. Opening it, he found several letters. He thought this was interesting, but it was actually smart of Croaker to arrange this as the letters had his real name on the outside.There were a few letters from his friends wishing him happy birthday; he'd have to write a thank you back.He also found a letter from McGonagall asking for his choice of classes for his sixth year. Surprisingly, the Quidditch captain badge was included. He'd expected Katie Bell to be captain. He set those to the side as he hadn't fully decided if he was returning to Hogwarts or not.At his normal morning lesson with Croaker, in the privacy of the training room Croaker said, "Tomorrow is my last day for this training for at least a month and probably a little more. I've been putting off some work so I could help you, but Ministry paperwork and budgets don't do themselves. Also, the change in leadership here is taking up more of my time than I'd like."However, I'm going to have Betty help you at least three days a week, check your new spells and help you if you get stuck if nothing else," the man told him."All right." Harry pulled up his courage. "I think I'm going to need a Death Eater, or really probably two, to continue my work."Croaker nodded. "I'd like a write up of the experiments you plan, but I'll have Betty set up one of our special projects rooms for this. You'll probably have to be patient as I don't know how long it will take to, uh, procure them." He grinned."Certainly," Harry agreed."Ideally, we'd borrow those who've been convicted for life from Azkaban, but that's not an option at the moment."Now, I want to see you do the animation spells silently," Croaker told him. "Yes, good, keep them going…"[Sat, Aug 3]Harry had his work cloak on and it was set to the disguise he normally used when he wasn't at work. As he walked towards Gringotts, he hoped his going a few days after his birthday would cause those in Dumbledore's Order to miss him.Walking into the bank, he saw Bill Weasley at a desk at the side and he was paying attention to those who walked in. Sighing as he joined a line, Harry pulled out a note and his vault key.A few minutes later, Harry gave both the note and key to the teller when it was his turn. The teller gave him a sour look but read the note then looked at the key. He rang a bell, said something to the young goblin who walked over then said, "Follow him. Next."Harry smiled and followed the goblin to an office that had a much older goblin. He turned off his disguise and then sat."What do you need, Mr Potter," the older goblin said tiredly, "and why the ruse?""My apologies for the disguise, but I didn't want to be recognized by your employee, Bill Weasley, who's in the lobby," Harry explained.The goblin stiffened and his eyes narrowed. "What exactly are you suggesting about one of our employees?"Harry considered how to say this with the least offense. "I have a concern that if Bill saw me without my disguise that he would notify friends of his that I am in the bank and that they would be waiting for me when it was time for me to leave and I have no wish to talk to them. I don't believe he would do anything hurtful to the bank or to myself, just that he might think he was doing something helpful when he would really be putting me in a position I don't want to be in."The goblin looked at him for a moment. "I see." He paused some more before he asked, "What business did you have here today that a teller could not take care of?"Hoping he had passed that test, Harry said, "My guardian has informed me that after I am sixteen, I can visit my family vault. Since this is the first time, I thought I would probably need to see someone other than a teller.""You have that right," the goblin agreed and seemed to relax a little. "However, you can remove nothing from it until you are an adult, which won't be for another year - approximately. That would require the permission of an adult Potter and there are none.""That was explained to me," Harry said. "I wish to see what's in it, to do an inventory as is said."Reaching into his desk, the still nameless goblin pulled out some parchment, filled in a few parts, then set it in from of Harry. "Sign this first."Looking it over quickly, he saw it allowed him to audit the Potter family vault, otherwise known as Vault 37, but no removal was allowed until July 31st of next year. He signed it and handed it back."There is one other matter while you are here." The goblin pulled out another folder and handed a parchment to Harry. "Sign at the bottom to show you have received the keys. You also have full access to the family vault."Harry looked at the parchment and his eyes widened. "These are now mine?""Yes, Sirius Black listed you as the beneficiary. One was his personal vault; the other was Regulus Black's person vault which he inherited but never visited; of course, there is the Black family vault, Vault 29." The goblin gestured to the parchment with a curved claw on the end of his finger. "The will of Sirius Black was contested by a Narcissa Black, but her claim was denied."Harry was surprised he hadn't been notified about it, but he supposed it didn't matter so he nodded and signed the document before he was handed the two keys. "Does anyone else have access to the Black family vault?""No." The goblin rang a little bell and the door opened; the same young goblin from before was there. "Take him to Vault 37; there is a non-removal restriction in place.""Yes, Sir," the young goblin said to the manager before looking at Harry. "Follow me.""I'd also like to visit these two vaults," Harry handed the keys over to the younger goblin, "and the Black family vault too.""As you wish, follow me." The young goblin didn't introduce himself either.It didn't take long to reach the first vault. The goblin opened it with the key."Whose vault was this?" Harry asked as he stepped in and looked around. There was a small pile of mostly golden coins and that was it."Sirius Black's"."I would like to transfer it to my vault and close this," Harry told him."That can be arranged with the manager. The next vault is next door. I'd advise you not to fall off the ledge." The goblin closed the door and walked on the narrow ledge to the next vault and opened it for Harry. "This was Regulus Black's."There was more money in here in, obviously he had more favor from one or more relatives, or maybe he'd spent less than Sirius, Harry thought. There were a few books on the side. Picking them up and flipping through them, near the end he saw the words "Soul Jar". He closed it and realized he was breathing a little heavily. He did an Occlumency exercise before he turned around to find the goblin. He'd have this vault's contents moved too."Can I do magic in here?""Only in the vault," answered his guide.Harry stayed inside the vault and made sure he wasn't pointing his wand anywhere near the goblin when he shrank the books down and put them in a pocket before putting his wand away. If there was anything useful in the book he'd tell Croaker. Exiting, they walked back to the cart for their next destination.After a much longer cart ride, the little car stopped and the goblin led him away from the tracks and picked up a metal device that made a clanging sound when waved around. Harry saw the reason why when they turned the corner and saw what had to be a very old dragon. It must have been trained to do this, but at the clanging sound, it moved to the side into an alcove and stayed there.The goblin led Harry past the dragon and a moment later vault 37 was opened. "I'll wait here." The goblin pulled a miniature chair out of a pocket and a wave of his hand caused it to expand before he sat on it to watch the door of the vault. "There is magic on the vault doors to prevent you from removing anything already in there.""Err, all right," said Harry as he walked in. The vault was easily ten times bigger than his school vault. Most of the contents was coins stacked in a tall heap with the tallest point being in a corner. He noticed a very small hole in the corner of the ceiling. He stepped back to the doorway. "What the hole in the ceiling for?""It's for us to add money without having to open the door," he said in a bored fashion. "Don't worry, only Gringotts coins can enter through it."Harry wondered if that was asked by everyone. "Thanks." He turned back and started looking around. Other than the coins, there was a wooden trunk and a shelf of boxes … and that was it.Looking in the trunk that only came to his knees while sitting on the floor, he saw various gems and jewelry mostly filled the trunk. There was no organization, they were just thrown in. He'd never need to buy jewelry for a girl; if he didn't find what he liked in here, he could take some of the gems and have jewelry made. He ignored this for now.Going to the shelf, he looked through the boxes and found a number of legal documents. Most were properties the Potter family owned and rented out. That explained the income. He also found a few deeds for houses, including the probably destroyed cottage in Godric's Hollow. Ready for things like this, he pulled a small Muggle notebook and pen out of his pocket and copied down the addresses. He also found the deed for Potter Estate; he copied this address too.Another box showed some ownership in a number of companies. He made some notes on which company and how much he owned. "Cool," he breathed as he found that he owned thirty percent of the Comet Broom Company. "I wonder if I can get a discount from them on a new broom." There were a few other companies of interest; he made a note of them too.The last box had records of loans with his grandfather's name on them. Most also had "Paid" stamped on them with a date. A few did not, but there was a record sheet that showed payments; all were up-to-date (magically recorded he guessed) but one. He copied information on that one to investigate.Almost hidden, he saw an oversized book covered in dust with "Potter" on its spine. He suspected this was the family grimoire, but since he couldn't take it out nor did he have a really safe place for it, he left it where it was for now. At least he knew it existed.Exiting, he said, "I'd like to visit the Black family vault too.""This way." The goblin led him down a corridor - carrying his chair - but still in the same area. He opened the door and sat in his chair again.Harry looked around and it was about the same except that pile of coins was a little bigger. There were two trunks here; the first was to his waist and was mostly full of gems while the second was the smaller size and only jewelry. He supposed the Black family was a little older and richer. Either way, he didn't have to worry about money unless he was stupid with his spending.There was a single bookshelf here too, but there were more boxes (the Potter shelves had been only about half full). He found the deed to #12 Grimmauld Place and several other houses. He pulled out the deed to #12 and put it on the shelf while setting the rest of the box on the floor.Looking at the rest, he found ownership in various companies he really didn't care about, so he left those alone. The rest of the boxes were records of loans. Two of the boxes contained only records that were marked "Paid" and he recognized many of the family names on the documents. There were two more boxes of outstanding loans with some names he also recognized.Knowing he had time, he started going through the unpaid loans quickly, making two stacks: current and late. After a bit, he made a third stack for "a little behind". He'd write a letter to these people to remind them to continue paying, guessing they might have thought they didn't need to pay off the loans when Sirius had died in June. This stack would go with him. The "current" stack would go back on the shelf.The "late" stack, and all were really very late as in years, he shoved into a box and shrunk it. He grabbed a few Galleons just because it was easy and went to the door.The goblin was reading a book; he looked up when Harry left the vault. The door was closed and they returned to the cart, with the clanging device to move the dragon. He was taken back to the manager's office."I'd like to have the contents of these two vaults moved to mine and then released," Harry told the manager, handing Sirius's and Regulus's keys back to him. "I'd also like to discuss loans."The manager looked surprised. "What are you buying that you need a loan for?""Oh, sorry, I didn't mean it that way. I found some family loans that are not current and I wanted to know how to collect on them."The old goblins smiled. "We'd be happy to help you collect the defaulted amount … for a fee.""I thought you might," Harry said with a grin. "I do have a question though." He handed the information for the one he'd found in the Potter vault. "Do you know why this one is late? Did something happen to the family? It was the only one like this.""Yes," the goblin said with a nod. "The entire family was killed in late 1980. They no longer have a vault here. I believe you are out of that money unless you can find an extended family member and convince them to take over the loan.""I'd wondered considering the date of the last payment," Harry said, having already noted the last payment had been during the war and only a few months before his parents were killed. He placed the shrunken box on the desk. "Let's discuss the process and fee…"Harry walked out of the bank past Bill Weasley with his disguise restored and the Order member not any wiser. He was also grinning at the chaos that was coming.All the loans in default were from the Darker families and this was really going to hurt some of them. For those that had the money in the bank, he'd only lose 10% for retrieval. For those the goblins had to go repossess property and sell, he'd lose 25%. He thought it was a little unfair for him, but then again, the goblins might have to risk themselves to get the property. In the end, he didn't care about the loss all that much as he was looking forward putting the Death Eater families in a difficult financial situation.Seeing Bill had given him an idea though. Going to the Apparation point in the shopping area, he Apparated to the paddock at The Burrow. Not seeing anyone there, he walked up to the house and was a little surprised to see Ginny sitting on the porch; she looked like she was writing a letter. She was wearing cut-off jeans showing some nice legs and a T-shirt that was a little tight, all showing some curves he hadn't noticed on her before.He could tell when she saw him as she quickly put her letter away and jumped up to greet him."Hi and happy birthday," she told him as she walked over. "I'm surprised to see you here; it's a nice surprise though," she said with a hint of a blush."I just thought I'd come by for a quick moment to show that I'm really still alive," he said with a smirk. "So I don't get in trouble, is anyone else here?""Dad's in the shed and Ron's upstairs. Mum is out shopping so I think you're safe," she teased him. "If Mum was here, I'm sure she'd tell you that you needed to come live with us."Harry smiled broadly, "I'm sure, but I'm fine where I am. I've been learning some interesting things, like about my family.""Oh?" she said in surprise. "I'm happy for you. You're probably having a better summer than we are then. We're confined to the house," she said unhappily. "We can't even go flying.""I'm sorry," he told her. "You'll be back at school in a month and can fly there.""I know, but it feels like a long time." She looked at him for a moment. "How are you doing? I mean really … after, well, you know, the Department of Mysteries."Harry looked down for a moment. "I'm better now, but I still miss Sirius. How are you and how's your ankle?"Ginny blushed slightly and looked down as if trying to look at her ankle before looking back at him. "It's fine and I haven't had any trouble with it after Madam Pomfrey fixed it." She looked down again and then back at him. "Can I say that I like your look without your glasses?"He chuckled and smiled. "Sure, I kind of like it too; they were an annoyance at times.""I'm sure," she agreed casually while still looking at him as if trying to memorize his new look. "I notice you've lost something else." She put her hand up and brushed back his hair a little on his forehead.He smiled but pulled back a little so she dropped her hand. "I, uh, I had that removed as you can see. What do you think about it?" He was curious as to her answer, knowing what she was like a few years ago.Ginny smiled gently. "What I think doesn't matter. If you're happy then I'm happy for you. I can understand why you might not have liked it.""Might not?" he asked with a hint of teasing."I was trying to be nice," she returned with her own teasing."Maybe I should send a message to Ron to come down," he said. "I don't want to get trapped in your house as I'd rather your parents didn't know I was here."Ginny grinned conspiratorially at him. "I won't tell anyone. Let me go get him, probably better that way."As she turned, they heard her mother call out, "Ginny? Ron? Arthur? I'm home.""Gotta go," Harry said and stood quickly. "I'll see you later.""Go, I'll keep her in the house for a few minutes to cover for you," she told him and headed for the back door, looking very nice from behind too.Harry smiled at her and hurried towards the paddock to Apparate away. It had been a nice if short visit. She was still a little shy around him, but not enough to be a bother. He had noticed she was definitely growing up too.[Mon, Aug 12]Harry was sitting with his feet propped up on his desk as he read the Daily Prophet and waited for the weekly status meeting to start shortly; he was also grinning like a loon."What do you find so amusing?" Kathleen asked him.He turned the paper around to show her. "Seems like some of 'formerly Imperioused' families have run into some financial trouble. A few of them even lost their businesses. Such a shame for those fine upstanding families just because they have a magical tattoo."Kathleen snorted. "Yes, such a shame. Sounds like you have a personal interest."Harry shrugged and became more serious. "Probably about like everyone else; I lost some family and friends to them."The woman looked more somber now. "Yes, I can understand.""Mike?" Liam called out from across the aisle. "Can you help me again with my project by spotting for me?""Sure," Harry agreed, understanding this was part of the job and he was picked a little more often for this sort of work because he was the newest member, not that he minded as it was sometimes very interesting."Time to start," Croaker announced as he walked into the office area with Betty behind him. He and Liam moved back to their chairs, the experiment on hold until after the meeting."General announcement: It's budget planning time for next year," Croaker looked around. "You have two weeks to write up what you want to buy or spend money on for next year. If you can keep it to under 250 Galleons, just list what you want. If you go over that, I'll need a detailed write-up on what and why. Those are due by this meeting in two weeks or go without. Status time. Betty?"Harry listened to the statuses, making notes in his notebook on who was working on what in case he needed help from something like that.When it was his turn, Croaker looked at him. "I like your experiment write-up, except that I think you need three of the items you requested; still no date for when I'll have your items.""Uh, thanks. No significant change in my normal work and, as you say, waiting on my requests for the experiment," Harry stated.When the meeting was over, Liam called him back over to his desk to resume the experiment. "Do you remember the shield control I showed you last time for containment?""Yes," Harry answered, looked at the rune in a circle on the man's desk. He pulled his wand out in case he needed it.Liam pulled a stone chest about the size of a small bread box out, setting on his desk. He looked at Harry again and asked, "Ready?"Harry thought he was being overly dramatic, something unusual for the normally quiet and sometimes grouchy man. Though his cloak made Liam look about 40, Harry wondered how old the man really was.Liam started on some spells, causing the box to glow. "Anything unusual?""No," Harry answered as he looked at the back of the stone chest. It was a rough stone and light gray with flakes of black in it, like pepper.Another and longer spell in an unknown language caused a very short vibration. "Anything now?"Harry was about to say no again when something came through the stone. "There's something like a little arm back here now. Is that important?" He looked up see an tentacle coming out of the front and extending towards Liam who was casting a shield with a panicked look."Containment shield!" Liam shouted.Harry hit the rune on the desk with a small burst of magic, causing a semi-transparent dome shield to materialize around the stone chest, containing the little arm on his side and about half of the tentacle on Liam's side - the other half that had been outside the bubble was chopped off and dissipated like a vapor. He saw Liam sprawled back in his chair with a hand on his chest and breathing hard. "You all right?" he asked casually.Liam glared at him. "Is an arm out of a piece of stone all right? NO!" he screamed the last word. "Stones don't have arms or tentacles! Why didn't you raise the containment the second you saw it!""Hey, calm down old man," Dupree said as he strolled over. "You all right, Mike?""Never better. You?""I'm good, thanks for asking," Dupree chuckled. "With steady nerves like that, I'll make a Curse Breaker out of you eventually."Harry shrugged. "Don't know why he was so excited; I've seen worse."That caused Dupree and several others to laugh while Liam glared at him. Harry shrugged again and returned to his desk. Honestly, the job was pretty boring most of the time, but sometimes there was a little excitement.— — —Ginny reread the letter she'd found on her bed earlier, which she assumed Hedwig had delivered. It hadn't been romantic or anything like that, but Harry's effort to send her something along with his words had ensured she knew he valued her friendship. She had no idea where he'd found the copper bracelet he'd sent her as she'd never seen anything like it in Diagon Alley, but it was pretty. She suspected he'd bought it in the Muggle world.As she slipped the bracelet on her wrist, she wished Harry would show more interest in her. If Dean could ask her out, why couldn't Harry since he knew her better than Dean did?.
