There was once upon a time a boy who survived the darkest ordeal, an attack on his house by the Dark Lord himself.Subsequently, he was known as the boy who lived. Orphaned as an infant and left with his muggle aunt and uncle, at the tender age of eleven, he was invited to attend Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry. In his first year, he fought off the Dark Lord in a weakened state. In his second, he dealt with a cursed diary. In his third, he freed his wrongly convicted godfather from imprisonment by the Ministry. In his fourth year, he was forced into the Tri-Wizard Tournament, which culminated in the return of the Dark Lord. In his fifth, he fought the lies of the Dark Lord and his followers and tutored his fellow students in defence against the dark arts.And now, he was in his sixth year of study.But this is not his story, this is mine.My name is Ebony Ravenway. I am 1,67m tall, my wand is birch with a phoenix feather core, my patronus is an owl. I inherited my mother's icy blue eyes, her sheet white skin, her dark hair and her spirit. I'm seventeen, and in my seventh year at Hogwarts.But beneath that, I harbour a dark curse.During the break of my sixth year, in our home in Sheffield, my family was attacked. I was the only survivor, and my attacker had elected to turn me into the very same monster as he;A vampire.Now, I walk the halls of Hogwarts, cautious, always exercising restraint, while the students around me wonder if or when I'll finally kill one of them.The Headmaster of Hogwarts, Professor Albus Dumbledore, has fought on my behalf. Were it up to the Ministry Of Magic, I'd have been dealt with by the Aurors.Luckily for me, Dumbledore has never been one to back down against an unjust request from the Ministry.This story begins in the first week of my seventh year.I was walking through the halls of Hogwarts, enjoying the rain outside, thankful for the horrid English weather. I was not particularly popular, or well liked. Even before I'd turned, I had a bad attitude and a disdain for most folks. Most of them I regarded as beneath me if I was being entirely honest.Passers-by stared, and I tried my best to ignore them. I didn't really want to attract attention to myself. I just wanted to get through my final year in peace."If it isn't that vampire tart the headmaster let in!" shouted a voice. I looked up. And there he was, Draco Malfoy, a rich little twit with a large ego and a small mind."Shouldn't you be crying to your father right now, Malfoy, or does that come after the pathetic grandstanding?" I asked."Ugh, I can't believe I have to share the grounds with you. At the very least they should leash the animals around here." he said."I am slow to anger, Malfoy, but if you insist on being my breakfast, I'll gladly pop you like a grape and leave what's left to Filch. Maybe you and Peeves can bond over being the least liked ghouls in the school.""Come on lads, I don't need to listen to another word this snippy corpse has to say. Who knows, maybe the clouds will part and we'll get to see a witch get burnt.""If it takes death to be rid of you, I'd gladly take the stake now.""Don't give me ideas, mudblood sucker." He smiled.That last bit? It rubbed me the wrong way. Now I had him under my skin, and I hated every second of it. I stood quietly as Draco and his friends laughed and left, having had the last word.I spent the rest of the day fantasizing about pulling his limbs off one by one.

Some of you might wonder how exactly it is that I maintain the life of a normal Hogwarts student while also needing blood to sustain me. Well, it's frightfully simple;The house-elves, once done with some of the live produce, store the blood and bring it to me periodically. They're all mostly afraid of me, so they teleport in, leave the bottled blood on my nightstand and teleport out before they think I noticed them.But I always do. It's so loud.After my spat with Draco I went back to my dorm room and collapsed into my coffin. I know it's a cliché and a little gaudy for a vampire to sleep in a coffin, but there's a somewhat practical reason; it blocks out all the noise. As a vampire, I have terribly sensitive hearing and if even one of these godforsaken mouth-breathers snores it disrupts my rest. And the bags under my eyes are dark enough.Whilst resting and scarfing down the blood on my nightstand, the only friend I had in this school, Willow Clarke poked hear head over the top and shot me a grin. Her forest green eyes met mine and I could tell she just could not wait to go on a long tangent, and I resigned myself to what was to come."Oh my God, I saw you talking to Draco Malfoy yesterday!" she said excitedly."You say that like I spoke to someone important." I said, rolling my eyes."Do you like Draco?" she asked as we went out of the Slytherin common room and into the Great Hall."If he were the last male specimen on earth, I'd ensure men went extinct." I shook my head."But he's such a hottie! Slender with those pale blue eyes and that smouldering stare. And his dad is so, so rich." she exclaimed."Are you sure you don't have a crush on him, Willow?" I asked, continuing down through the common room.Unfortunately for me, Draco walked up with a smug grin that made me want to slowly pull out each of his teeth. How many times would I have to deal with him today?"Seems like we keep running into each other, vampire. You know, I've always wanted to stake one of your kind." he said."Little boy, you are welcome to try." I fired back."Guess what." he said."What?" I asked, attempting to ensure my eyes didn't roll into the back of my skull."Well, Charlotte And The Fallout are having a concert in Hogsmeade." he told me."And…?" I said. I was partial to their musical stylings, but honestly, knowing this turd would be there made me second guess leaving the common room."Maybe I'll see you there, mudblood sucker. After all, you have to find your poor victims somehow." he quipped."Call me that again and I will feed you your teeth, Malfoy.""Oh, you misunderstand. It's a compliment. Someone has to take out the trash around here, and I for one welcome any rabid animal willing to do it.""I am not an animal!" I said, and grabbed Malfoy by the collar and lifted him in the air. I was so filled with rage and anger and bloodlust, it would have been so easy, I could do it, I could separate his smug little head from his smug little body and… And… And I took a deep breath.Dumbledore fought for me to be here, because he believed I could control it. My temper. My bloodlust. I needed to control it. I didn't want to attract attention to myself. And Malfoy wasn't worth it, not by a long shot.I put Malfoy down gently and he kept smiling that smug smile."Oh, my father will certainly be hearing about this. You'll come to see it my way, though. Maybe even tonight."Draco pranced off and I could feel my temper flare up again."Keep it together, Ebony." I whispered to myself."We don't have to go." Willow said, putting a hand on my shoulder."Just… Give me a second. And then we'll go and have the best night ever and we won't even think twice about that… That… About Malfoy.""Okay. We won't even give him a second thought. You have to admit, he's still cute, though." She said."I'll admit it when I'm dead." I said, and let out a small laugh.I think I'd have lost my mind a lot sooner if it weren't for Willow. She might be the only friend I even have left in the world.But she didn't have to deal with being a vampire in a school of witches and wizards. She got to be normal. I didn't.

that guided the rest.I found a dark spot and turned back into myself, before I walked out into the bright light of the town. The other students gathered around, getting the little X's marked on their hand to show they weren't yet of age. I smiled, amused at what I'd gotten away with, but then I felt a chill run down my spine and it was if I knew, I just knew he was there, standing behind me, wearing that smug little grin."If I didn't know any better, I'd think you were stalking me, Malfoy." I sighed."Hello there, mudblood sucker." he said back. Draco was, unusually, alone tonight. No Crabbe or Goyle, just the little blond gremlin, hands in his pockets, without a care in the world."Don't call me that." I said, and regretted showing how much it irked me."Oh, don't get your knickers in a twist. Thought you were a tough monster stalking us in the night, or something. Maybe you're not that scary after all.""If you want to find out just how scary I can be, you'll keep it up. I have a name, Malfoy.""Oh, really? I hadn't noticed.""Gods below grant me the strength to keep me from strangling you.""Oh, terrifying. You're a right laugh, you know that? Don't trip over yourself trying to impress the mudbloods. I'm going to join my friends… You do have those, right?"No one appreciates my restraint.After Malfoy left I walked around some, trying to find Willow. I looked for her flat auburn hair in the crow and eventually I spotted her;But she'd found a boy to flirt with.Letting out a little sigh, I decided to leave her to it, my night thoroughly ruined. At least she was having some fun. I suddenly wasn't in the mood for people or the loud concert venue.I walked aimlessly for some. Through Hogsmeade, back to the Castle. I wandered the grounds and found myself near Hagrid's cabin.And there they were.Harry, Ron and Hermione.The three of them walked out, laughing, smiling. Every year I'd hear about their adventures, see them go around, having a good time, being… Well, the best of friends.And I had to admit, I was so freaking jealous.Willow and I were close but we weren't… We weren't that. Always looked from the outside staring in that Harry, Ron and Hermione were inseparable, that they would stick to each other through thick and thin that… That if one of them was different, different the way I was different, it wouldn't change a thing.I kept walking, away from them, away from the school just… I kept walking.When I finally looked up, I figured out where I was.I was in the forbidden forest.Oops.

It wasn't that I was particularly afraid of being in the forbidden forest alone at night, after all, there wasn't much in there that could hurt me.But I'd walked so long and far that getting back to the dorm room would certainly make me late for a headcount, which would draw unneeded attention to me, which would certainly invite a lecture from one of the Professors, if not from Dumbledore himself.And I wasn't particularly fond of old men lecturing me."There she is!" I heard him say I heard his goddamn voice and I was ready, I was so ready to hurt him. Tears started to well in my eyes from how angry I was."Malfoy!" I shouted. "I'll warn you just once, leave me alone. Or else."But Draco wasn't alone. He had some poor fourth year by the collar, his face bloodied and his arms full of cuts. I vaguely recognized him, his name was Colin McIntyre."What the hell?" I asked angrily."You kept promising to show me what a monster you are, so come on. Show me. I even brought you dinner so show me how terrifying you really are!" he shouted, shoving Colin at me.My eyes turned blood red and my fangs grew out some, readying themselves to pierce flesh. But I didn't want to hurt the kid, I wanted to hurt Malfoy. I wanted to hurt him so much. I wanted to leave his entrails all over this forest.I ran to the Colin, faster than the human eye could see, and I picked him up by the front of his shirt and tossed him so far back he cleared the edge of the forest. I whipped out my wand and yelled "Wingardium Leviosa!" to cushion his fall at the end, and I gave Draco the meanest look I could muster. The pure hatred in my eyes would bring a lesser man to his knees but Draco was either to stupid or full of himself to understand how close to death he was."There you are, monster.""Here I am. I don't care anymore, killing you would be worth it. Leaving you as a bloody spat would be worth doing whatever they do to me.""Do it. I dare you. Do it." He said.Draco leaned in extra-close and I looked into his eyes. It's a little like he wanted this, he wanted my rage, like he… Like he didn't care if he lived or died. He just wanted to push me, to see how far he could.I felt it all leave at once, still angry, but the moment deflated. I felt a little pity for him, actually. Sincerely, I did.I think that explains it. What happened next. Why what happened next went as far as it did. Why I didn't stop it and why it just… Kept going.The egotistical, self-centred, rude, uncaring, ideologically abhorrent, morally deficient Draco Malfoy, in what must have been a drawn out suicide attempt, kissed me.Maybe I was tired, or going crazy, or just… Lost in the moment. But I actually kissed him back. And kept kissing him. And he kept kissing me, his hands slipping up my shirt, my hand pulling him right up against me, our bodies pressed together. My bra came unclipped and I had to admit, the audacity impressed me some. I ripped his buttoned shirt open, and he pulled my shirt over my head.And, god almighty, we'd lost track of time because then there was a voice behind me and I had never been as mortified in all my life as I had been in the exact moment when Albus Dumbledore started talking to my naked back."It would not do if someone were to discover fine Hogwarts students in such a compromised position at this hour of the night. Please refrain from continuing your current extracurricular activity and, in light of the cold weather, I advise you to put your clothes back on."God dammit. God dammit all to hell, I think I would genuinely have preferred it if he staked me then and there.

Dumbledore had me and Draco follow him. It was the walk of shame to end all walks of shame, and it was an ungodly long one at that.The humiliation of it haunts me to this day.We didn't go back to the dorms, first, we were Dumbledore took us to Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall. Professor Snape wore a look of unbridled annoyance and McGonagall was appalled."I hope I needn't remind the two of you how inappropriate it is for two students to be intimate on school grounds." McGonagall chastised us."I cannot believe I have to take time out of my evening to reprimand students who couldn't be bothered to… Fornicate… On their own time." Professor Snape."Sorry Professors. It won't happen again." I said, turning beet red and staring at my shoes."Yeah, sorry." Draco said, somehow managing the nerve to keep up the streak of being flippant even in this situation. Professor Snape's lip snarled in anger and he gave us both an icy stare."You are damn right it will not happen again. 30 points off Slytherin for each of you and consider yourselves on an 8 o'clock curfew for the rest of the semester." Snape said, then marched out in a huff."Draco, you may go. Ebony, I'd still like to have a word with you." Dumbledore said, and Draco sauntered back to the dorms, probably to brag about his conquest. God, I hate him. I hate him, I hate him, I hate him."You're aware that despite our magical abilities, witches and wizards, unlike vampires, are rather fragile?""Yes, headmaster.""And you are aware that you could crush the skull of an elephant with your bare hands and if you were to be careless with that strength, the consequences could be irreversible?" Dumbledore asked again."Yes, headmaster.""So I needn't tell you that along with your temper, you need to keep your… Other… Emotions in check so that you do not find yourself in a compromised situation. I know I would very much hate to tell Lucius Malfoy his son was killed in a snogging accident." Dumbledore said, the discomfort showing in his eyes behind his half-moon glasses. I suspect it was almost as mortifying for him as it was for me."Yes, headmaster.""Please, act accordingly next time. And Ebony, please don't think I don't know about the bats. I've always known about the bats. Don't make it a problem, I've got enough to do without having to get someone to make sure the owls aren't pestered by flying rodents.""Yes, headmaster. Is that all?""That it is. You are dismissed.""Thank you.""Ah, well, one more thing. Don't you think you could do a smidge better than Malfoy?" Dumbledore asked."That is a very inappropriate question, headmaster.""I suppose it is. Carry on."Do you think Buffy does house calls? Because I sure could use someone to slay me.

Ensuring that I didn't make eye contact with even a single person, even dodging Willow, I went down to the Great Hall the next morning.You could hear the whispers as I walked past.I could only imagine. What they were thinking of me, what colourful choice in words the student body had found to describe me. And you could be sure that Draco wasn't enduring even half of it.In the Great Hall, I nursed a cup of pumpkin juice and tried to draw as little attention to myself as humanly possible. Perhaps it was a sight pathetic, getting so flustered over Draco Malfoy but there I was, replaying the awful moment Dumbledore's voice cut right through the moment.Suddenly someone bumped into me and I spilt some pumpkin juice down my front."Did you ever master the use of your legs or are you a literal toddler?!" I shouted angrily. The Hall went quiet for a second, and there I was, having made yet another scene."I'm sorry." he apologized somewhat ashamedly, and scrambled around for napkins. After I regained my composure, I realized who it was, and felt even more mortified.I had just screamed, at the top of my lungs, at Harry Potter."No, gods below, no. I am sorry. Potter, right? I think we've walked past each other for seven years without saying a single word." I tried to play it off coolly, but I think I spoke the sentence so fast it took Harry a second to comprehend what I'd even said."That's all right. It's a little embarrassing but I never did catch your name." Harry said, handing me a small stack of napkins."Ebony Way. You could can call me Ebb, if you want. I'm sure the school is buzzing with rumours of my misconduct.""Hadn't paid attention to it myself." Harry said."That might make you the first. Look, I really am sorry I flew off at you like that. It's been… Kind of a rough day for me.""I understand. Hey, I promise, it will blow over. One thing that's true about Hogwarts is that it never stays quiet for very long. There's always something happening. Everyone will find something new to talk about.""And that's usually you, considering the stories.""I'm just unlucky enough to be in the wrong place at the wrong time a lot.""Well, hope you find the timing and location improves.""Thanks. Hope whatever's happening with you blows over soon as well. My friends are waiting for me, so I guess I'll see you around.""See you around, Potter." I smiled.I didn't know it at the time, but Draco had been watching me. The whole conversation with Harry, he'd stood near the back, sneering as I was friendly with the student in the school he hated the most.Boys can be so immature.

Walking back from the Great Hall, my spirits lifted some by my conversation with Harry, I found myself walking up the rotating staircases, making my way towards class.Before I could reach morning potions, Draco ambushed me, pulling me into his arms. The surprise caught me off guard but then I shoved him back, feeling entirely put off by the situation in conjunction with the talk we got from our professors."Oh, what, Potter gives you a napkin and now Slytherin boys are beneath you?""Draco, you were always beneath me. Last night was a mistake, one I'm paying for dearly. Let's just forget it happened and move on, okay?""You're a right tease, you know that? A real skank.""You don't get to talk to me like that.""I'm a Malfoy, I'll talk to you however I like.""I'm only going to ask you once, Draco. Stay away from me. Please.""Or what? You'll snog me in the woods again?""Or I'll dangle you above the rotating staircases by the back of your robes. Don't test me, Malfoy.""All talk. Everyone knows. You enjoyed it, you enjoyed getting felt up by someone above your station. But now you want some fame too, to be the girl who snogged Harry Potter.""Goodbye, Malfoy.""You're a Slytherin like me, bloodsucker, and Slytherins and Gryffindors don't mix."I pushed past him, suddenly finding myself less attracted to Draco than ever. What was I even thinking? He was nothing but a callous, spoiled little prick.Dumbledore was right, I probably could do better.

After class I ditched everyone and everything, and went for a walk to clear my head. The past few days seemed a little crazy, but Harry was right. Sooner or later, people would forget about what happened to me and move on.I stopped in front of a wall. Well, it should have been a wall, what was there in actuality was a door I had never seen before. But I'd heard the rumours enough times to know what I was looking at.This was the Room of Requirement.Was it opening for me?I went inside, excited, heart pounding in my chest. This was a room I'd always dreamt of seeing, of knowing what was inside and what awaited me in there. What need did I have?Wait…I stopped.It wasn't for me.It was for another student.I recognized him, he was the poor fourth year Draco tried to get me to feed on. He was clearly under the Imperius curse, which forced the victim to perform any action the user told them to do.He turned to me, and then pulled the tarp off a mirror.In the mirror, I saw a terrible face. Snakelike in appearance, distorted, like a corpse brought back from the dead past its time. But it was also the face of a man, dressed in a dark suit, standing stoically."Finally, a pawn I can use." The voice said. It was him. The Dark Lord. I did not dare speak his name. I raised my wand to try fire off a spell, to break the mirror, but before I could get a word out, the fourth year bellowed;"Expelliarmus!" And my wand went flying."Ebony Ravenway, a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance. Colin here, bless the boy, has told me all about you. The kind hearted vampire who refused to feed on him. I admit, I was moved by your restraint in the face of such overwhelming temptation. I needed to know who it was that Dumbledore had hidden in these walls." The Dark Lord had a sickening smile."Whatever it is you want from me, I won't give it to you. I refuse, I just won't. I'll run. I'll scream. You have no power here.""You haven't even heard my proposition. It seems Dumbledore had failed to teach yet another student manners. Colin?""Yes, my lord?""Subdue her.""No!" I yelled."Incarcerous!" Colin yelled, and ropes sprung from the air and restrained me. Tears started to well in my eyes. I struggled, but couldn't free myself. Here I was, a monster, a killer, with the power to turn stone to powder between my fingers and I couldn't even resist one simple spell."I have something of a problem, my dear. Hogwarts prevents my Death Eaters from apparating into and out of the castle. I've heard word that you have the ability to move about freely. I would like to acquire your services.""I won't do it! You can't make me!" I shouted back."As it turns out, I can. Colin will cast the Imperius curse on you, as one of my death eaters had cast on him, and my will shall be your command. This will be easier if you don't resist.""Are you too cowardly to face me yourself? Hiding behind little fourth years seems beneath you. Or perhaps you aren't as great as the stories say you are." My mind raced for ideas, for a way for me to get free. The Dark Lord's face tightened into a sneer and my escape came to me. I just needed to remain calm for long enough to pull it off."You've got quite a mouth on you. I think it's time we did something about that. Colin? Subdue the bloodsucker.""Not if I have anything to say about it!" I yelled, then shrunk into myself as a turned into a swarm of bats."What?!" The Dark Lord yelled, and I bee-lined for the mirror and knocked it over, shattering it. The bats swarmed around Colin, and he was visibly confused.Then I materialized behind him, and rocketed an elbow into the back of his head, knocking him cleanly unconscious.My eyes darted around the room, looking for my wand, and there is was, but next to it was something else. The Room Of Requirement started shifting around me into one long corridor with a single exit. My wand rolled towards me, and I caught it.I recognized the door at the end of the hall.It lead to the Headmaster's office.

Lifting Colin with Wingardium Leviosa, I entered Dumbledore's office, without knocking. He was standing in front of the pensieve, looking pensive, and Professor McGonagall was leaning against his desk, quietly waiting for him to finish what he was doing."Headmaster. Professor McGonagall." I greeted, putting Colin down in front of them. Dumbledore remained in place, while Professor McGonagall stayed in place, horrified."What is the meaning of this?" Professor McGonagall inquired."Professor, we have a problem. Colin was under the influence of the Imperius curse, and he was instructed by The Dark Lord to attempt to manipulate me into allowing Death Eaters into the castle" I answered."I see." Dumbledore said, still gazing into the pensieve."Dumbledore, these attacks, the politics… The situation is unstable and the Death Eaters are becoming more audacious. Every year we've put out fire after fire but The Ministry might actually close us down if students keep getting put through unforgiveable curses.""That much I understand, Minerva. But there are matters of greater import now. There's a memory here- one of a young Tom Riddle- that has been tampered with. This could be the key to turning the tide on this brewing war.""Forgive me speaking out of turn, but your convoluted schemes never seem to benefit anyone in the here and now, and your apathy towards the day-to-day politics does not benefit your students or staff! You are a headmaster of Hogwarts, and Merlin's Beard, you spend most of your time shut away scheming!""It seems it is I who must ask your forgiveness, Minerva. You are quite right. Young lady, explain in detail what happened." Dumbledore said, and turned to me."I had wandered into the Room of Requirement, and saw Colin there, with a glassy look in his eye. He pulled the tarp off a mirror and the dark lord's face was on the other side. Colin had been instructed to try subdue me and put me under the Imperius curse, but I was able to get away by transforming.""Well done. Minerva, escort the young lady to her bed.""Headmaster? I can help." I blurted out."I'm afraid, my dear, that your help is exactly what the enemy is after. I hope I needn't say this, but refrain from leaving the castle grounds for the time being. Lives could be a stake.""Yes, headmaster." I said, somewhat dejected."Dumbledore… What are we going to do about this?" Professor McGonagall asked, pointing me towards the door."For now, I will send the ghosts to the outskirts and have them patrol. The Bloody Baron can take point. I hope we can solve this without getting dementors involved but if not, I shall write to Azkaban and request a squadron.""And the students?""I can only hope they are prepared for what is to come."

You might know what happens at this point in the story. Draco had been tasked by the Dark Lord to allow Death Eaters into the school, as well as kill Dumbledore.Harry and Dumbledore had started a secret plan to manipulate professor Slughorn into giving Harry the untampered memory of Tom Riddle.What was I doing?After McGonagall had escorted me to the Slytherin common room, I went to the girl's dorm only to find Willow fighting off some boys who thought it amusing to try peep into the Slytherin girl's bathroom."Stupefy" I yelled while pointing my wand, knocking a boy off his broom. Willow was screaming, mortified that she'd been seen naked."I hate them! I hate the boys at this school and I hope The Dark Lord gets them first!" Willow yelled."Willow!" I reprimanded."Well, it's true! Those idiot Weasley boys started all this and now there hasn't been a moment's peace!""We'll get them, back, okay? We'll get them back.""Where were you tonight?" She asked."Just getting another lecture. You know how it is." I lied, not wanting to involve Willow in what happened. I thought it would be best to leave her out of it entirely."Seems like you've been getting lectured a lot, lately.""You noticed, huh?""Yeah. Hey, Ebb?""Yeah?""You know you can tell me anything, right?""Yeah. I know, Willow. Thanks.""I'm always here for you, no matter what.""I hear you. But everything's okay.""And I won't judge. At all. Ever. Even if it was super embarrassing and you'd rather forget it ever happened.""Oh no, I don't like where this is going.""Especially if it involved getting half naked with a boy you say you hate but actually maybe like.""No, nope, nuh uh, we are not going there.""I mean, as friends, isn't it kind of your duty to tell me everything?""Oh would you look at the time I have to go die of embarrassment.""Ebb! C'mon!""Ugh, okay, fine, what do you want to know?""How did it feel kissing him?""Mostly degrading and like my lowest moment.""Is he a good kisser?""Decidedly average.""I heard you guys were already naked when the professors walked in on you.""We were half-naked and it wasn't professors, it was just Dumbledore.""OH MY GOD DUMBLEDORE WALKED IN ON YOU?""Willow, shut up!" I hissed."No fair, my love life is so boring! The guy I was flirting with in Hogsmeade the other day totally wasn't interested.""I would gladly trade places with you. Please. Please end my suffering.""You don't know how lucky you have it, Ebb.""Lucky sure is a word you could use to describe my situation. The wrong one, but it is technically a word.""I'm going to graduate an unnoticed nobody and you're like, one of the biggest things to ever happen to Hogwarts. I hear you and Harry Potter met and the whole room went quiet.""Because I flipped my lid at him, and it was incredibly mortifying. Willow, I'm just a kid with a curse trying to get by in a world that kind of hates me. Don't be jealous of that. And even if you're an unnoticed nobody, you're my unnoticed nobody. My Willow. The coolest person I know.""You're just saying that.""Nah, you're the only kid in this whole school with the guts to make friends with a vampire. Were you any braver you'd be wearing red and gold.""But we're green and silver.""Slytherin sisters.""Slytherin sisters."Willow and I spent the rest of the evening chatting and laughing. It was normal. It was nice. It was like I wasn't a vampire and I was just a normal seventeen year old girl.It's important to savour the good moments in life.

Feeling a little bad for him, I went down to the infirmary to check up on Colin. I'd flung the kid half a rugby field and then hit him so hard he was probably concussed.Madam Pomfrey quietly gestured at me to get on with it as she tended to a student that had left two fingers behind in an apparation gone awry and I checked each bed until I eventually found him."Hey." I flashed him a smile, trying to be comforting. It did not work."M-madam Pomfrey won't let you hurt me!" He said, making a crucifix with his fingers. I gently lowered his hands, trying not to look offended, and sat down next to him."I'm not here to hurt you, Colin. But I am here to check up on you, and to say sorry. I hit you pretty hard back there, hope you don't hold it against me." I said."Did you try drink my blood as well?""No, Colin, I didn't try drink your blood. Someone put you under the Imperius curse, you tried to do the same to me, and I knocked you out before you caused any trouble.""Well, what about the other night? With Draco Malfoy? Were you going to drink my blood then?""Trust me, if I was going to tear anyone's throat open that night, it was Malfoy.""I heard you snogged him. Were you two just playing a prank on me?""No, we… I… It's complicated. But I really don't want to hurt you, Colin. And I promise you I'll never snog Malfoy again. Cross my heart and hope to die.""Oh, okay. So… You really are just here to check on me?""Yes, Colin.""Oh. Well, uh… I'm doing okay. I think. No permanent damage.""That's wonderful to hear. You're a fourth year, right?""Yeah, I am.""What was Draco Malfoy doing dragging a fourth year student into the forbidden forest?""I… Snuck out. I wanted to see Charlotte and The Fallout. They're my favourite band and then Draco found me sneaking around so he dragged me into the forest.""Tell me if he ever pulls any stunt with you again, I'll hang him on the Whomping Willow.""Oh, thanks. Uhm, how come you're being so nice to me?""I feel a little guilty, and also I could stand to boost my karma some. I'm glad you're okay, though. I have to run, but get well soon, Colin.""Thanks, uh…""Ebony Ravenway. There's probably a much ruder name for me going around but since I stopped you from aiding an evil wizard you have to call me by my real name.""Thanks, Ebony.""You're welcome."

There was something that was a mystery to me… Someone had put Colin under the Imperius curse. Someone at the school, with access to the students. Perhaps a Professor? A staff member? Maybe even a fellow student?I wanted to find out. I needed to find out.Because I was sure that their first attempt to get me wouldn't be the last.I showed up to dinner in the great hall and began watching everyone. The hall was filled with students from every house, all of us segregated and colour coded. Personally, I thought it was a tad much. As much pride as I liked the green and silver, it was hard not to feel like the house system was built to create cliques.I had to admit, it was hard not to suspect my fellow Slytherins. We had a bad track record when it came to wizards seduced by the dark arts.I scanned their faces. Malfoy and his gang were, to me, prime suspects. Malfoy sat with his little group, although he looked a little worse for wear. Next to him was Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle, his loyal stooges. Pansy Parkinson and Millicent Bulstrode sat by, fawning over him. Perhaps Theodore Nott? Or Blaise Zabini? Daphne Greengrass?I was so busy watching them that I didn't notice what was happening right above me. Before I could react, a cup of pumpkin juice poured all over me and I shrieked.Turning, I saw Britney Duff quickly put her wand away.Britney was a fellow Gryffindor seventh year who seemed to take a particular pleasure in picking fights with me. Most Slytherins had a rival in Gryffindor but Britney seems to have taken it a step further, ever since I came back to school after I was turned.She sees herself as a monster slayer, and I was, evidently, her monster."Think that was a funny, yeah?" I said, trying to keep my temper in check."You looked thirsty, is all." Britney smiled."Oh, I'm thirsty all right. Why don't you come here and I'll tell you all about it?""Girls, hear that? I think there's a mosquito buzzing about. I think I ought to squish it." Britney smiled, standing up, her friends enjoying the spectacle."You and me, Britney. Whenever, wherever. Unless you're afraid I'll knock you on your arse.""Typical Slytherin. All you want to do is duel. Bet you've been cooking up something real dark and nasty. Bet you were just salivating when you-know-who came back.""I'd join his band of loser wizards about as soon as we'd be friends, Britney. Don't lump me in with them.""Oh, are they not evil enough for you, milady? My apologies, I'm sure you'll end up in the history books as an even greater shame to Hogwarts. If you ask me, Dumbledore should just expel every Slytherin on the spot. You're all just a bunch of pure-blood worshipping dark wizards waiting to happen.""My parents were both muggle born and I'm personally about as interested in dark arts as I am in you, Britney. And, if I remember, plenty of Gryffindor wizards went bad too.""None as bad as you-know-who. You know that. And you're just like him. A monster, pretending to be one of us.""I don't care what you think of me. But try that stunt again, and by Merlin's beard, I will melt your brain insider your vapid little skull and let Mrs Norris eat what's left of you.""Try me." She said, getting in my face. I pulled my wand out and pressed it right against her neck."Miss Ravenway!" I heard Professor Snape's voice call out. I held Britney's gaze for a while before I put my wand away."Guess even monsters have masters." Britney smiled.Professor Snape glared at me, and I went back to the dorms before he could dock points off Slytherin. I was definitely in a foul mood now.Willow found me as she was walking to eat dinner, but I held up a hand to stop her from asking questions and went right back to the dorms. I was not in the mood, and I needed to be by myself for a minute.So much for me becoming an ace detective.Partway through walking back to the dorms, I did have an idea… Ebony Ravenway might not be able to observe the masses without standing out, but…Perhaps an unassuming little bat might.Perhaps an unassuming little bat might even be able to help me get some of my own back from Britney.Guess it was time to fly.

When I was sure the crowd wasn't paying attention to me, I leapt out the window and transformed. I didn't necessarily need to turn into a swarm of bats, I could turn into a singular bat, although I was significantly more vulnerable in this form.I started by watching the courtyard. The students all looked inconspicuous enough. Well, as inconspicuous as any Hogwarts student could. I spotted a couple scarfing down some of Weasley's puking pastels to get out of class, which may have been against the rules but wasn't inherently wrong.I spotted Malfoy breaking off from his little friend group, which was strange. While Malfoy wasn't a particularly social animal, he did like the attention, and he did like how intimidating Crabbe and Goyle were.I decided to follow him for some, and he walked and walked through the halls, right up until The Room Of Requirement opened for him. I slipped in behind him, while he tossed his little apple in his hand.Draco moved through the clutter, and I found it odd that the room turned into a storage space of sorts for him. There was a black cabinet in the center he began fiddling with, putting his apple inside.It was strange behaviour but I certainly didn't think it was particularly menacing. No, this wasn't what I was looking for. As much of a little git as Draco was, his fascination with old boxes wasn't quite the devious plot to kidnap me I was looking for.I slipped out behind him, and flew through the castle some.Making my way towards the ground floor, I saw Colin holding on for dear life, seemingly being held in place by a suspension charm. I circled around, and there I found Crabbe and Goyle.The two of them were levitating Colin partway through an open window. Without Draco to reel them in, the two had nothing to do but get up to trouble. I sighed, feeling slightly annoyed to be distracted from the task at hand but it seemed like Colin needed my help once more, and I had promised him.I rematerialized into myself and stood, watching the two, then announced my presence with a good natured ahem.The two of them paid me no attention.Increasingly annoyed, I used the Periculum charm and sent red sparks flying right into Crabbe's unguarded behind, and he got such a fright it broke his hold on the spell and Colin fell, luckily still holding onto the windowsill.Crabbe and Goyle turned to me, decidedly unhappy, but I shook my head and gave them a glare. For good measure, I let my eyes turn red and snarled, showing my fangs.The two of them took a moment to measure if a fight would be worth it, but then pushed past me with a "Whatever." and I went to pull Colin up."You must really get under their skin for them to target you like this." I said once he was on solid ground again. I sighed, letting my annoyance fade, and I put on a reassuring smile for Colin."I really don't go looking for fights! Personally I'm more of the sit-in-the-corner type.""Oh, I believe you. Perhaps they're particularly annoyed with how little you're involved with anyone else's business. Look, I'd hate to see you get into more trouble. Let me walk you back to the Hufflepuff dorms. Wasn't really finding what I was looking for anyway." I smiled."Oh, thanks. And, uh, thanks for, you know, scaring those two off.""You're welcome, Colin." I smiled.Walking the halls to the Hufflepuff dorms was pleasant. Colin might be a tad meek but he's still good company. It felt strange, like… Well, like I'd finally made another friend.For a second I thought the year might proceed peacefully from here on out.Then two students stepped out in front of me, one Ravenclaw and one Hufflepuff. They had their wands out, and I could see the malice in their eyes. I didn't recognize them, there were too many students to no everyone's names and faces but what struck me as odd was the manner in which they held their wands.Like experienced duelists."Avada Kedavra!" The Ravenclaw yelled and pointed at Colin, and I produced a protego charm in the nick of time.I knew something was wrong then and there."No witnesses." The Hufflepuff hissed, and they tried to overwhelm me with spells. I began deflecting them, but I knew this couldn't go on."Get to your feet, Colin! We'll have to fight them together!" I barked, swatting off spells as fast as I could."I've never duelled anyone!""You'll have to learn fast!" I yelled.Colin scrambled to his feet and fumbled with his wand. I felt annoyance flicker up at his clumsiness but then focused my attention to the fight again."Expelliarmus!" Colin yelled, his spell missing my own head slightly, but going in the right direction. I glared at him quickly before returning my focus to the fight, and they dodged the spell. However, I was no longer on the back foot and fired off a spell of my own."Stupefy!" I yelled, and the Ravenclaw swatted it away. The Hufflepuff transformed into a snake, and went out the archway beside us. Colin turned, and saw the snake, and put his back against mine."What now?!" He yelled."Keep your guard up, and follow my lead!" I yelled.I started trading spells back and forth with the Ravenclaw, and Colin tried to stun the Hufflepuff snake to no avail. I listened closely for the snake, and then as soon as it was close enough, I dematerialized into bats, encircling Colin, then whisking him above the snake. The Ravenclaw fired off spells at us, missing me and Colin in the confusion and through my flying.The snake was confused, and at the apex I rematerialized into myself mid-air."Levicorpus!" I yelled, lifting the snake into the air in front of me.The Ravenclaw stunned the snake, turning it back into the Hufflepuff. Colin landed on his bum, but scrambled to his feet as soon as he could.Then it was two against one. The Ravenclaw, recognizing the odds, grew somewhat nervous."Incarcerous!" The Ravenclaw yelled, and I turned into a bat beneath the spell, flying low. Colin, who hadn't expected it, was hit full blast, and subsequently tied up.I dematerialized into a swarm and surrounded the Ravenclaw, who didn't know where to aim.I aimed a bat for the wand and it connected, sending it flying, and then I materialized in front of the Ravenclaw, my wand pointing at their throat."Who are you and why are you attacking me?!" I began interrogating. The Ravenclaw said nothing."The Dark Lord wants you. There's a war brewing, and you're a valuable asset." The Ravenclaw said."He sure is a brave man, sending students to do his dirty work.""Oh, we're not students." The Ravenclaw said, smiling, then swung a silver dagger, catching me full in the hand. I screamed, and my flesh and innards began burning and I dropped my wand in the process.She came at me again, swinging wildly, and I jumped back and out of the way. But now I knew that I didn't need to hold back."Silver. So, you know what hurts me." I hissed."Like the cutlery? We know all about you, Ebony Ravenway." She smiled"That, I sincerely doubt."I grabbed the blade with my bare hand, anger flairing as it burnt my palm and fingers, then with my other hand, with full force, I grabbed her by her fringe and pulled her face into my knee.She stumbled back and my bloodlust and rage was at an all-time high, and I didn't even think, I rushed her, fangs out grabbing her by the collar and bit into her neck.She screamed something awful, and for a moment I heard nothing, and saw nothing. I was lost in the euphoria of drinking blood right from the neck, the tart taste on my tongue, the satisfaction of tearing into flesh with my teeth, the rush of a predator biting into their prey."Ebony!" I heard Colin yell, and I was brought back to the moment.The Ravenclaw had gone limp. I dropped her to the ground, a rabid smile on my face. I never get to let loose, I never get to dig in, I never get to enjoy the blood of my enemy. I'm always composed. I'm always restraint. But it felt so good to just…Do what came naturally.I wiped the blood from my mouth, and licked it off my fingers. I meandered over to my wand, and pointed my wand at Colin's ropes."Reducto." I said, and he was free."Ebony, trouble." Colin said, and pointed behind me.Britney had witnessed the entire ordeal, eyes wide and full of horror. I knew that face, the face of someone who had just experienced a trauma trigger, but I… I didn't care. Perhaps if it were anyone else, I would. But Britney? Not in a million years."Run along before I do the same to you." I smiled at Britney, and smiled wide, showing my fangs. She turned and scrambled away, fear clearly driving her.Colin looked at me trepidaciously."You're frightening, you know that?" He asked."Only when I want to be. Luckily, they had it coming.""Seems like you went a bit far, Ebony." He said, eyes wide."I don't know if there is too far with death eaters." I said."What?""Give it a moment." I said, and pointed at the Hufflepuff.Colin stared at the Hufflepuff, and after a minute or so, The polyjuice potion wore off, and the full grown adult death eater laid petrified in front of us."Oh, that… That is worrying." Colin said."Perhaps. But looks like I found what I was looking for."
