Look, I didn't want to be reincarnated as Harry Potter.Sure, I had joked about it a couple of times with my friends, but that didn't mean I wanted it to actually happen. Because that would everyone I knew and loved wasn't even born yet, or didn't know me.But still, here I was, in this mess, a newborn infant.I don't remember how I died. Heck, for all I knew, I wasn't dead. Maybe I was hallucinating, maybe I was dreaming, I don't know. The only thing I did know was that I was a newborn.At first, everything had been blurry. Dark shapes were above me, loud voices echoed."Lily! It's a boy!" A male voice above me said.I opened my mouth, trying to say, no, I wasn't a boy, thank you very much, but all that came out was the cry of a baby. What was happening?I was cradled in strong arms, passed around between someone named Padfoot, (did some Harry Potter nerd actually nickname his friend that?) until I was passed back to my mother, Lily.She rocked me gently, and gave me a name."Harry." Great, both of them! What next, I was going to be set up for play dates with some kid named Ron?"Harry Potter."You heard it here first, theydies and gentlefolk. I had been sent back through time and space as the great Harry Potter.Do I look like an ass named JK Rowling? No. So I don't own Harry Potter. This is written purely because I wanted to try my hand at something like this.Give me your thoughts on Harry's sorting! I'm a Hufflepuff, so I'm split between my own house, Slytherin, and maybe Gryffindor, but both me and Harry are too stupid for Ravenclaw.

I didn't realize I was Harry Potter right away, of course. Both Harry and Potter seemed to be common enough names, and who was I to judge naming their kid after a book character? I had named my grumpy black kitten Nico, for goddess' sake.It was after the miniature broom, the spells that made household chores so easy, and my godfather turning into a dog that convinced me. I was Harry Potter, and my life would be hell.So, I waited and remembered. I waited and remembered as Voldemort killed my parents, as I was left on the doorstep, as I grew up and wrote down everything I was sure had happened, as Dudley and his minions used me as a punching bag, as I grew older, as I suffered under the Dursleys, until, finally, I reached the beginning. Dudley's birthday.Nearly ten years had passed since I had appeared on the Dursleys doorstep, but Privet Drive hadn't changed a lick. The only visible passage of time came from Dudley's pictures, every one showing a differently aged fat walrus.Actually, that's rude to walruses.My existence was wiped from the photos. But, that didn't mean I wasn't there. Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived (in-a-cupboard).Small, dark, and always locked, it was a dreary place to live. But, it was my home, at least until I could get Sirius out of Azkaban."Up! Get up! Now!"Aunt Petunia's shrill voice woke me from my dream. It wasn't Harry's flying motorcycle. Instead, it was me. Not Harry, but first life me. Bits and pieces of what had happened to me came back gradually, until I could piece to together my death.Simply, I had been walking to my local library, hadn't looked before I crossed, and had been turned into a grease spot.I hoped someone was taking care of Nico for me....You know what, I'm getting a cat when I get Hedwig. Mrs. Figg's are nice (if a bit smelly), but there was nothing like having your own cat that scratches your belongings.Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon hated cats too, but that was just a bonus.Anyway, the pressing matter of Aunt Petunia."Are you up yet?" Aunt Petunia demanded."Almost, you old hag," I muttered quietly. Out loud, I said, "Nearly!""Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And don't you dare let it burn, I want it perfect on Duddy's birthday."Ah yes, Dudley's birthday. Vanishing glass and snakes, perfect. (Hey, do you think I could keep the snake?...)I looked around for a pair of socks, found some (and a spider) under my bed, and put them on.When I was dressed and had ran a hand through my messy hair in an attempt to tame it (It seems in both lives I had bad luck in that area. Course, brown, and quick to tangle, or messy, black and permanent bed head (and altogether shorter than I would have preferred, got to fix that soon), both a hassle), I headed down to the kitchen.The smell of bacon filled the air. The table was covered in presents for my cousin, including what looked like the new computer he wanted, along with the bike he wouldn't use.Uncle Vernon entered as I flipped the bacon."Comb your hair!" He barked.Tricks on you, I did!I was frying eggs when my pink faced, blonde haired, blue eyes cousin graced us with his presence. Aunt Petunia said he looked like a baby angel; I said he looked like a pig in a wig.I set the plates on the table, which was covered in Dudley's presents. My dear cousin was counting them, and had just discovered that he had less than last year."Thirty-six." He looked at his parents. "That's two less than last year.""Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's right here under this big one from Mummy and Daddy.""All right, thirty-seven, then," He said, going red in the face. I began scarfing my bacon down faster in case he flipped the table.Aunt Petunia obviously could tell he was close to a tantrum, because she quickly said, "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that alright?" Goddess, woman, that's not helping!Dudley thought for a moment. Finally, he said slowly, "So I'll have thirty... thirty...""Thirty-nine, sweetums." Aunt Petunia helped him."Oh." He sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest package. "Alright then."I resisted the urge to hang my head on the table.Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled the pig- child's hair.Just then, the telephone rang, leaving me and Uncle Vernon to watch Dudley attack his presents.She came back, anger and worry written across her face. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take him." She jerked her head in my direction.Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, while I resisted the urge to smile. Freedom! Wait, they wouldn't leave me here. Dang it."Now what?" She said, glaring furiously at me like I had orchestrated Mrs. Figg breaking her leg."We could phone Marge?""Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.""What about what's-her-name, your friend - Yvonne?""On vacation in Majorca.""You could just leave me here?" I suggested."And come back and find the house in ruins?" She snarled."I won't blow the house up," I said, but she ignored me."I suppose we could take him to the zoo," She said hesitantly. "And leave him in the car...""That car's new, he's not sitting in it alone..."Dudley thought this was an appropriate time to practice his fake crying skills, which, honestly, needed a lot of work.Aunt Petunia reassured her precious Diddley-dums that nasty Harry wouldn't ruin his special day, shooting me a nasty glare.Half an hour later, I couldn't believe my luck, even if I knew they would take me with them. I hadn't been to a zoo in years, first life included.Before we left, Uncle Vernon took me aside to make sure I knew that if any "freakishness" happened, there would be severe consequences.I didn't care, soon I would be free from the Dursleys and would never have to come back, if my plan worked. (And if it didn't, then I would just have to terrify them.)While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia about everything, people at work, me, the council, me, the bank, me. Currently, he was on motorcycles.Just to screw with him, I said, "I had a dream about a flying motorcycle."Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front of us. He yelled, turning in his seat, "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!"Piers and Dudley snickered."Yeesh, it was just a dream," I muttered.It was a sunny Sunday, and the zoo was crowded with people. The Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams. The lady there asked me if I wanted anything before they could hurry me away, I asked if I could have the same thing. Ha.It was the best morning I'd had in a long time. I had to be careful to walk a little while away from the Dursleys, so when Dudley and co inevitably got bored, they wouldn't fall back on the habit of hitting me.Finally, the long awaited reptile house. Dudley immediately went to the deadly snakes, quickly finding the biggest one, a beautiful brown Boa Constrictor."Make it move," He whined, when the beauty wouldn't move.Uncle Vernon banged on the glass."Do it again."Uncle Vernon tapped the glass, but the snake snoozed on.I moved up to the glass. "I'm sorry about that."The snake lifted her (if the sign was to be trusted) head slightly. A speaker?I nodded. "What's your name? I'm Harry."Tristeza."That's pretty." Hm, could I take her with me to Hogwarts, if I could get her to Privet Drive? It couldn't be that hard, she could probably hide well enough until she gets there. "Say, how would you like to get out of here?"Tristeza lifted her head higher. You could do that, Speaker?"Yeah, you would have to get to my home yourself, but I could get you out."I gave her quick directions, before Piers yelled, "DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT ITS DOING!"Dudley came waddling towards us, and shoved me out of the way. I got the floor with a "Oof!" and before I could blink, the glass vanished.Tristeza slithered past us, and hissed, Thank you, Speaker, before disappearing out the door.The week I spent locked in my cupboard was worth it.

So, as it turned out, Tristeza actually had found her way to Privet Drive, and now I had a seven foot snake that crushes people in my backyard. Oops.Bad news, I had a huge snake in my yard. Good news... I didn't have to feed her and could scare people?My plan for my Hogwarts letter definitely wouldn't be winning any prizes, but it would (probably) work.I had penned out a reply, and was waiting at early o'clock for the owl that would bring my letter.I was talking to Tristeza, who had been hiding in the yard completely unnoticed somehow, about what we would do about Hogwarts. Currently, I was going to get a trunk with compartments you could live in, and I was going to set up a place for her to live during the school year. We were debating whether or not I should bring her food, or whether she should hunt for herself."You can't! What if someone sees you?"Hatchling, they will see me anyway. I am not exactly small."That doesn't matter! I don't even think most wizards even know what type of snake you are, other than Muggleborns. They're clueless."You are taking me to classes, yes? If they see me there, when I am acting harmless, they would be less likely to freak out when I hunt."Wait, when did we say you were going?"She flicked her tongue out. Hatchling, I think your owl is here.The flutter of wings stopped me before I could protest further.The barn owl landed before the Dursleys' front door. There was a letter in its beak, a letter addressed in green ink, a letter to me.The owl dropped the letter on my foot. I picked it up with shaking hands."C-could you wait a minute?" I said to the owl. It danced around a bit, impatiently ruffling its wings, but it stayed.I opened the letter.Hogwarts Schoolof Witchcraft and WizardryHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. Potter,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins September 1. We await your owl no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Ɱìղҽɾѵą ⱮçƓօղąցąӀӀMinerva McGonagall,Deputy HeadmistressThe letter, the one I had waited so long for, was finally here.

I did not bother with people's (like Snape) descriptions, as they are known well enough. (I also did not bother to write this well because I was so anxious to get to the sorting. Oops.)I handed my acceptance letter to the waiting barn owl in front me, and rushed back into the house before Aunt Petunia noticed I was missing. Would it work?I woke up early the next morning. Had they gotten my letter? Would Hagrid or Snape or McGonagall or Dumbledore come to take me to Diagon Alley?I didn't get my answer until late morning, when as the sun crept closer and closer to high noon, someone rapped sharply at the door. My escort was here!I would have rushed out to answer the door myself, but since I want cooking or doing chores, I was locked up in my cupboard.Aunt Petunia, from the sound of the heels click-clacking past me, was opening the door."You!" She shrieked."Me." A dry male voice agreed. Snape? "Where is the boy?""I- I- get out of my house!""Give me the boy, Petunia, and I will.""He didn't get a letter! You have no right to be here!""Then what is this?" Presumably, he showed her my reply.Dҽαɾ Mιʂʂ MƈGσɳαɠαʅʅ,Cαɳ ყσυ ρʅҽαʂҽ ʂҽɳԃ ʂσɱҽσɳҽ ƚσ ƚαƙҽ ɱҽ ƚσ ɠҽƚ ɱყ ʂƈԋσσʅ ʂυρρʅιҽʂ? I ԃσɳ'ƚ ƙɳσɯ ԋσɯ ƚσ ɠҽƚ ƚσ ɯԋҽɾҽ I ƈσυʅԃ ρυɾƈԋαʂҽ ƚԋҽɱ. Yσυ ʂҽҽ, I ԃιԃɳ'ƚ ƙɳσɯ I ɯαʂ α ɯιȥαɾԃ υɳƚιʅ I ɠσƚ ɱყ ʅҽƚƚҽɾ.Tԋαɳƙʂ,Hαɾɾყ PσƚƚҽɾSimple, to the point, and would possibly infuriate Minnie that I didn't know until now. It certainly wasn't my best work, but work it did.Aunt Petunia and her loud heels rushed towards my cupboard, unlatched the lock, threw open the door, and threw the letter at me. I blinked at the sudden light."What is this!?" She screeched."My reply to my acceptance letter?" I phrased it like a question."But you didn't get one!""Obviously, Tuney, he did. Now, we should be off to get his supplies."Snape (I was right!) appeared next to Aunt Petunia only long enough to dramatically swish away like he expected me to follow him. Hmph. Gotta learn how to do that. If I have to wear robes, I'm at least going to have fun with it.Aunt Petunia scurried after Snape, and I followed to the front entrance way.Her glanced down at me for the first time. "Mr. Potter, what are you wearing?"I glanced down at the shabby grey shirt, jeans, and sneakers I was wearing. "Dudley's hand-me-downs. Freaks like me don't get new clothes," I paused to let that sink in. "Who are you, sir?""I am Professor Snape. I will be your potions instructor at Hogwarts." He looked slightly displeased that I hadn't known about being a wizard. "Mr. Potter, do you know how your parents died?"I nodded enthusiastically. "They were useless drunks who died in a car crash. Aunt Petunia always makes sure to remind me."He glared not so subtly at Aunt Petunia. "Why don't you go get your things while I talk to your aunt?"I nodded, and ran to my cupboard to get my meager belongings. Some notebooks containing all the details I was sure had been the books and not fanfiction, a few pens and pencils, a spare change of clothes.Whatever Professor Snape had said had convinced Petunia to let me go, judging from the look on her face as she shooed us out the door."Don't come back here again!" She called after Snape, and slammed the door.Diagon Alley was as weird as I expected, and then some. A stack of cauldrons stood nearby, and a woman outside an apothecary was complaining about the price of dragon liver as Snape dragged me to along. Clearly, he wanted to get rid of me as soon as possible.Finally he stopped in front of white building that dwarfed all the others. A goblin stood outside the bronze doors, wearing a gold and red uniform."Gringotts, Mr. Potter. We will access your fault here, then buy your school supplies," Snape said as we walked by the goblin, who bowed as we passed.Now we faced a second silver set of doors, engraved with a warning.Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take but do not earnMust pay dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.How nice.A pair of goblins bowed as we entered the marble hall. About a hundred goblins sat behind a counter, writing in ledgers, weighing coins, examining precious stones, and other banking things. More doors than you could count led out of the hall, and more goblins were leading people in and out. We headed for the counter.Snape whooshed up, and laid a small golden key on the counter. "We have come to access Mr. Potter's vault."The goblin looked at the key. "That seems to be in order. I will have someone take you to the vault. Griphook!"Griphook led us toward one of the doors. It opened, not to more marble, but to a tunnel lit with torches and with railroad tracks. Griphook whistled, and a cart came diving up the sharply sloped hill. We crammed inside.It was impossible to keep track of where we were going. We plunged past a passage with a burst of fire at the end, past an underground lake, until we hurtled back into darkness, before, finally, we stopped in front of a small door.As Griphook unlocked the door, releasing a cloud of green smoke, Snape shoved a bag at me. "Gold is galleons, seventeen silver sickles to a galleon, twenty-nine bronze knuts to a sickle. Fill up the bag, that should be enough for the next few years."So, I was just supposed to do this by myself? Sure, he looked a bit green, but I didn't know anything! I glanced at the piles of gold and silver, jewelry, and books. I was supposed to navigate that myself?I walked to the nearest pile of jewelry and picked up a pair of screw on earrings. They had those in the wizarding world?I screwed them on, blue sapphires set into dangling silver snowflake patterns. I'm weak for pretty things, go away.I quickly filled up the bag before I could find something else.I managed to get the key before Griphook could give it to the still queasy looking Snape, who knows how much I would need with all that I was buying?I sprinted toward the nearest shop, a Madam Primpernelle's Beautifying Potions, before Snape could recover from the return cart ride back. Canon!Harry might have been fine with Snape lurking around during his classes, I might have been, but I did not want him lurking while I shopped.I pushed open the door. The shop was a wizarding equivalent of a beauty shop. Potions for wart removal, glossy hair, and longer eyelashes, stands with nail care potions. A middle aged witch stood behind a counter."Miss?" I asked. "Do you have any potions to grow hair and to change the color?"She blinked at me in surprise; there probably weren't many boys asking her questions like that, before smiling at me. "Yes, dear, right this way." She led me over to a purple stand. "This one," She handed me a small green bottle, "will grow your hair out. You'll have to trim it to the desired length. What colour would you like, and do you want the color to be temporary, or to permanently change it? ""Red, and temporary, please. "She handed me a red bottle and a purple one this time. "The purple will take the color back out, if you don't want to wait. Anything else, dear?"I grabbed a few more of the red and purple bottles. "No, this is it."After I paid for the potions, I found a dark corner in between the shops. I uncapped the green bottle and drank its contents.My scalp itched as my hair grew down to my waist. When I was sure it had stopped growing, I chugged down the other potion. I grabbed a lock of hair and watched it turn a bright red.Nobody expected a Harry Potter with red hair, did they?Ok, next on the list. Robes or pets?Who am I kidding, I'm going to get an owl first.As I pushed open the door, a cacophony of sounds greeted me. Owls hooted, snakes hissed, cats yowled. It was dark place, smelling of animals for good reason. Cats roamed around freely, and owls fluttered their wings. Snakes slithered around in tanks in a back corner, while the cats stayed mainly away from the owls on the left.Don't go pet the cats, don't go pet the cats...I picked up a small, black kitten. She? He? She let me without complaint and purred softly when I stroked her fur.... I'm keeping her.I headed to the owls before I could somehow adopt another cat. There, Hedwig waited.I found her quickly. She was snowy white; not heard to miss."Hello, pretty girl," I whispered as I stroked her feathers. "It's nice to meet you."Surprisingly enough, Snape wasn't that angry when he found me. Maybe because I had already finished my shopping and he didn't have to help me, or because he was good at hiding it. Instead of looking for me like any responsible adult would, he left me to fend for myself while he set up a room for me at the Leaky Cauldron.Either way, I wouldn't be going back to the Dursleys any time soon.I spent the rest of my time at Diagon Alley alternating between getting textbooks for all seven years at Hogwarts, ancient runes, and divination, so I could study and not look like a complete idiot (ok, maybe getting books six years before I would need them was overdoing it, but you could never be too prepared!), practicing spells while I wasn't under the Trace (note to self; attempt to avoid that by not having it on the train), stalking Madam Malkin's under the guise of getting a new wardrobe to look for Draco (I didn't find him), bonding with Hedwig and Blackout, sending a letter to Remus (and not getting a reply), and practicing my wand knitting, as one could never have too many magic scarves.All in all, it was a fairly uneventful month. The most notable event was when my scarf caught on fire and didn't burn (which was probably a good thing, because that one was the one I had worked hardest on and I probably would've assaulted the fire if it burned).Finally, the first of September rolled around, leaving me with on Kong's Cross Station with nothing but my book filled (and thankfully bigger on the inside) trunk, my owl, cat, and overprotective snake.Hogwarts, here I come!Well, I said it was bad. Now excuse me while I avoid writing the next chapter.I babes pill up on my profile what house you think Hparty should be in! Please vote!I... Skewed the timeline up. I completely skipped one chapter, took a knife to another, and now I am very confused. We're about a week ahead of schedule, and... Ack. This whole writing thing is hard. I had to pull up all my nonexistent knowledge on how Snape talked, had to figure out how the hell I was supposed to disguise Harry, and the necessary things needed.Sue me, I like pretty things, and literally every time in fics when Harry is allowed to mess around alone in his vault he gets a fancy ring, but I wanted earrings.Y'all really want Hufflepuff!Harry, that's the only house i see in the comments.
