Disclaimer: As always, I don't own Harry Potter.For her it was instant dislike. She didn't even know his name but he was already rude, and arrogant, and a bully. First impressions are formed in the first couple of seconds, that's what her mother had always said, and Lily was determined to dislike him forever because of this.She wanted nothing to do with James Potter (as she had found out was his name) and this included all of his friends. Well…okay. It only included Sirius Black and that was because he was almost as bad as Potter.She would only interact with Remus or Peter when Potter wasn't there and she completely ignored everything he said.And she loathed him for how he and Black attacked Severus when he had been the one who told her she want going crazy or a freak, that she was special. Severus had introduced her to this world and taught her the basics of how it worked. And he was her friend and Lily hated anyone who bullied her friends.Not to mention those ridiculous pranks and his equally ridiculous hair. How did it even stand up like that? She hated that he was popular, the youngest chaser in a century or some tosh.For him it was imitation of some random girl he barely looked at. All he knew was that she had red hair and a lofty voice and had defended some weirdo kid they had immediately nicknamed Snivellus, what a great nickname, who had been gushing about being in Slytherin. He didn't know why what he said was so wrong, everyone evil came from Slytherin so someone that excited about the house must be bad.But then he had seen her get sorted and had fallen in love at the ripe old age of eleven. She was beautiful. And later he found out she was smart, extremely powerful, funny, and charming. Everyone loved Lily Evans and Lily loved everyone else…except for James and Sirius.Sirius did not care about this development at all and took to mocking her more whenever she stood up for Snivellus. But it hurt James. He wasn't really a bad person…it's just Snape and him had openly disliked each other from the moment they set eyes on one another.Snape wasn't innocent in this either. He had been the one to start the first fight, after all. James had tried to ignore him but Snape wasn't having it.He wondered what was happening to him as he watched her in class, biting her lip adorably when the Professor asked her a question or stunning all of the purebloods with her intensive knowledge and deep opinions on the subjects.He would watch her arm as she performed charms in awe; Flitwick said she was the best he had ever seen, including himself. He tried to show her how smart and good at magic he was but she wasn't having it so he would skive off in the back with Sirius and Peter, and occasionally Remus if they could persuade him, and perform well on tests and evaluations."Oy Evans!" He called at her back as she went to leave the classroom. He hadn't meant to say anything but he couldn't help himself. She turned and glared openly at him."What do you want Potter?" Snape smirked."I just wanted to say that that was a perfect summoning charm. That's fourth year stuff that is." Sirius swivelled around to stare at him in astonishment."What are you doing?" He whispered. James ignored him.Lily kept glaring at him for a moment. "Probably way better than what you could do.""Come on Evans I'm trying to give you a compliment.""Oh whatever Potter, I bet you made some bet or are setting up some prank." He didn't know how it happened but suddenly they were screaming at each other in the corridor. He realized she still looked beautiful even when she was mad."I can't believe you don't believe me. It was good bloody spellwork is all!" He exclaimed some while later."Ugh!" She finally screamed. "I hate you Potter!" She turned around immediately, missing the look of hurt in his eyes by a fraction of a second."Yeah." He murmured, watching her walk away."It's alright James." Sirius said, clapping a hand on his shoulder. "She's just some dumb girl." And with that he walked away with Remus and Peter, leaving James to catch up."Except that she's not." He said softly before following them.

Disclaimer: Alas I do not own Harry Potter.For him she was still as beautiful as ever. He hoped she had stopped hating him over the summer but quickly realized she hadn't. That just made him hate Snape more and Snape, becoming more confident from Lily's continued friendship and hatred of James, started provoking James.The result was a lot of nasty clashes that made Lily hate James more than ever which made James hate Snape more in this vicious cycle of hurt. He didn't like how he treated Snivellus but he wasn't going to lie down and take his comments either.Evenings in the common room had him staring at Lily every time her back was turned, wondering if something was wrong with him because he had no inkling of interest in any of the other girls at school. He was drawn to her and he couldn't stop it or explain it.He thought that maybe it was how strong and capable she was. Of how her eyebrows creased when the teacher rarely said something beyond her knowledge. Maybe it was how everyone tried to go after her but could never make anything stick.But somehow this small redheaded girl had captivated him and he was infatuated with her. With everything he did. This was increasingly tiring to his best friends who tried to steer clear of the topic of conversation altogether or change the subject abruptly anything something had remotely any connection to Lily.For her it was pure hatred and a genuine wish that he would stop trying to interact with her. She hated hated hated stupid Potter with his stupid hair and his stupid broomstick and his stupid friends.Whenever Remus brought him up she would voice how crazy it was that someone as nice as Remus could be friends with him. At first Remus would tell her he was actually a pretty great friend but eventually gave up as Lily was intent on vilifying James. But one day she went too far."He is the most horrible and arrogant person I have ever met. Merlin look at the way he walks. I can't believe you're friends with him Remus. I bet he'll drop you the second he finds out about…well you know.""You know what Lily? I'm sick of this. Guess what. James does know and he doesn't care. His first instinct was to comfort me and make a huge speech about how much they all love me when he found out. He's also trying to figure out a way to make it better for me. You don't know him so stop pretending that you do."Lily stared at him in shock. "But look at what he does to Severus!""I am not defending that. But even you can't pretend that Snape is entirely to blame. But he is a good person deep down who would do anything for his family and friends. Have you even heard half of the things Snape says to him?"Lily shook her head."It's horrible things about us, and about James, and about his parents. Not to mention the taunting about you. James stays cool through insults directed at him but when Snape insults someone he cares about," he gave Lily a sharp look and she flushed slightly at the implied insinuation, "he can't stand down.""Well I don't like him." She said stubbornly."Fine." Remus responded. "But stop telling me how horrible he is. You have been a wonderful friend to me and I care for you deeply but, despite not having many friends to begin with, if you continue to do so I don't know if I could hang out with you."Lily gaped at him for a few moments. "Alright. I'm sorry Remus." He nodded and they continued their walk of the grounds silently.After that conversation Lily paid a little bit more attention to Potter. She watched him make sure Peter knew he was just as important as the rest of them, that Remus took care of himself during the full moon, and that Sirius had someone to talk to about his issues at home.Lily overheard a particular conversation between him and Black about Black's brother Regulus. Lily vaguely remembered the boy being sorted into Slytherin but knew very little else about him. James left Sirius alone in the common room once he had made sure he was okay.Lily stood in the shadows, unsure of what to do. First of all, she was more than a little shocked at the depth of care she had just seen James Potter exhibit towards another individual. But secondly, she knew how Sirius felt and how horrible it was to deal with it alone. Even Potter caring couldn't really help because no one else understood. She couldn't empathize with his horrendous parents but she knew a little something about the sting of sibling hatred.she was shaken out of her reverie by Sirius sighing deeply as he stared into the fire. Before realizing what she was doing Lily emerged to sit beside him."Hi." Sirius stared at her in complete sock."Evans? What are you doing here?" His face turned uneasy. "How much did you hear?" The guilt must have shown on his face because he sighed and turned back to the fire."Sirius…" his head snapped around to look at her at this use of his first name. "I'm sorry. My sister thinks im a freak and absolutely hates me so…I know how it feels." She continued, staring resolutely at the fire and not him. Out of the corner of her eye she saw him consider her."Yeah?" He asked softly."Petunia hasn't talked to me since I boarded the Hogwarts express two years ago. Well except to call me a freak." She looked at him. "You're better than your family Sirius." And then she left him alone on the couch, staring at the spot where she had been with his mouth hanging open.She never called him Black again after that.

Disclaimer: I do not, nor have I ever, owned Harry Potter.For her it was a hatred of all of the girls that had begun to follow him everywhere. How they thought he was attractive was beyond her. He constantly messed up his already travesty of a hairstyle and it was not appealing at all.Not to mention no matter how considerate he seemed to be to those he cared about he was still a bully. And she still hated him.He had started asking her out. The first time had thrown her and after that they had gotten increasingly embarrassing and annoying. She wished he would stop. It was mortifying and not just for her. She had no idea how he could constantly ask her in public, knowing she was going to shut him down.He must not actually care about her, or else he would care when she said no. But he didn't. She thought it very cruel to tease her this way. She was no great beauty but she thought she was decent looking. Until Potter had started mocking her by asking her out. It had brought back all of her deepest insecurities and she hated him for that too.She supposed idly that her discomfort wasn't entirely his fault but she pushed that thought away quickly. It was much easier just to blame him.Some perverse part of her sort of liked the attention, even though she knew he wasn't serious.Speaking of Sirius, she and him were good friends now, to her surprise. He was funny in a shocking way that made her laugh at the most unexpected times. And they shared despair over their siblings. Their friendship seemed to annoy James, which she only saw as an added perk.For him it was starting to badger Remus to talk him up to her. Remus refused point blank to do this saying he had already helped him on that front but refusing to say how. This infuriated James and he would beg his friend for hours to talk to her."Talk to her yourself Prongs! Merlin. It's not that bloody hard."But it had become very difficult indeed. Every time he was near her he seemed to make an arse of himself. It had gotten so much worse than normal and he didn't understand it.He had asked her out in the Great Hall one morning without even meaning to and her resounding no had been quite harsh. So he kept asking her, to show everyone else that it didn't matter and make them think it was some sort of prank.But it wasn't. And it hurt every time she shot him down, her responses getting increasingly meaner as he badgered her.Not to mention her newfound friendship with Sirius. With Sirius! Who was just as terrible to Snape as he was, but somehow, he and Lily had become friends. It was a sore spot between the two of them who were as close as brothers. Sirius never brought it up, but James was moody every time he noticed them interact.He watched her walk by and wondered how every male, and some females, in the castle wasn't captivated by her. Some definitely were, he thought with a scowl at Snape and Evanston, but more should be. Godric she was beautiful."Hey Evans!" The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them. "Fancy a trip to Hogsmeade with me?"Her green eyes fell on him and he got lost in their depths. "Go boil your head Potter." She said evenly.Out of the corner of his eye he saw Remus close his eyes in embarrassment and frustration. Sirius rolled his eyes good naturally and shrugged at Lily.He raised an eyebrow. "Well that's a bit harsh Evans. Even for you.""Well nothing seems to get through that thick head of yours. No matter how many times I tell you to bugger off, you persist.""You persist." He mocked and she gave him a look that quelled any humour. She pursed her lips and turned away, hips sashaying as she walked away from him. He felt like if she was the sort of person that cursed he would have been getting an earful right now."Better luck next time Prongs." Sirius clapped him on the shoulder and turned him around. They had begun the first process of becoming animagi which involved finding their animal form through some smoke like the Native Americans used to do in the colonies. And so, their animal nicknames had been born.He looked back at the retreating figure of Lily Evans and sighed heavily. He wondered if he would ever get over her.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter.For her it was indifference to him. She had decided to almost completely ignore him. He was pranking people like never before and she knew it was them but she never looked at any of them after one of their pranks. That was acknowledging their juvenile nonsense.Okay so some of them were actually hilarious but she never cracked a smile at any of them. Not when they could see her at least. She allowed a small smile at the clever one only Remus could have planned that involved Dumbledore hot chocolate and a mimbulus mimbletonia. She had raised an eyebrow at him and he shrugged innocently and she sent him a skeptical look back. He grinned and spread his hands wide but didn't respond.Severus was starting to hang out with some…strange people. And by strange people she meant Death Eaters. She hadn't mentioned anything to him but he was smart enough never to talk about any of them near her. The group of young Death Eaters seemed to include Regulus Black now, and she had spent a couple late night conversations with a distraught Sirius over the topic.She got asked out by Ben Hanson of Ravenclaw and had accepted. She noticed Potter's devastated expression for the split second it had been on his face as she had happened to be facing him at the time and close enough for him to hear. She wondered if maybe him asking her out wasn't a joke.He still did that, or at least he did until her and Ben started going out. And then she got to enjoy a respite from him. She was deliriously happy with Ben for a while. They went out for six months before they realized there was nothing in it for them anymore. She broke up with him when she found him snogging some Hufflepuff seventh year and was surprised to find she wasn't all that upset.He had been a perfect gentleman up until that point and they had been together for about a month of the spark having died before he kissed her and Lily was a little sad but mostly relieved to end it.Mary, Marlene, Dorcas, and Alice (all of her roommates) forced her into truth or dare with all of the Gryffindors in their year, which was the Marauders plus Frank, and she was dared to kiss Sirius by Marlene, who had had a previous…very brief relationship with the notorious Gryffindor bad boy."Dare." Marlene grinned devilishly and Lily knew she was in trouble."I dare you to kiss, no snog…. Sirius Black." Lily's eyebrows disappeared into her hairline and she lowered one as she turned to glance at the aforementioned Gryffindor. She caught him in a frantic silent conversation with Potter.Sirius' eyes had widened and he was shaking his head at Potter to let him know it wasn't his idea and then he frowned and shook his head decisively. This made Lily extremely annoyed. She didn't want to kiss Sirius but Potter had no claim to make Sirius not kiss her. If it had been any other girl he would have snogged the daylights out of them, no questions asked."Erm." Sirius tugged at the collar of his shirt nervously and she knew he was about to say no. Reckless and deciding she was having none of James Potter making her lose the game, she yanked Sirius' tie and brought his lips to her before she'd thought it through.There was a gasp and an outbreak of giggles from her roommates. She snogged him thoroughly but not too long and returned his tie with a blank face before sitting down. Everyone in the room looked thoroughly shocked and she was ridiculously pleased by that.He was an amazing kisser there was no denying, but she had felt nothing. Potter looked like he was about to pass out and Sirius was radiating discomfort. It felt good."Alright." She said calmly. "Remus. I dare you to kiss Marly."For him it was the visceral jealousy that had taken over him the whole year. She still hung out with Snape all the time but she didn't show romantic interest in him so that didn't bother him…much.But she had started going out with Hanson and that had hurt. Seeing her happy with him, kissing sweetly in public had been like a punch to gut. He had gone out of his way to avoid her when she was dating him. He hadn't asked her out since September.And then the girls had invited her to the weekly Gryffindor truth or dare and she had snogged Sirius. She had snogged his best mate. Snogged Sirius. He hadn't wanted to and James didn't hold it against him but he had hated every minute of it.He knew all the girls loved Sirius, and some boys let's be honest. He was a player and supposedly an expert kisser.Neither of them had seemed overly impressed with the experience, to his knowledge, so he let it go but that had been hard to watch. It felt like his heart had been crushed in front of him. Sirius had been guilty for a couple of days which made it better.Mostly he couldn't believe how hot it had been when she dragged him by the tie and thoroughly snogged him."Pads?" He asked late one night, laying on his back on his bed in the pitch dark. Peter, Remus and Frank's snores filled the room but he knew Sirius was still awake."Yeah?" Came the soft response."What was it like?" There was silence for a few moments and James wondered if he was going to respond."Alright." He replied shortly. "But dead weird." He added a second later. "It felt wrong, like kissing my sister. I'm not just saying that, she's become sort of a sister to me…erm, sorry.""Don't apologize." He whispered back in the dark. "Thanks for answering.""Yeah."James wondered if he would ever get Lily Evans out of his head. He fell asleep to the thought of what it would feel like to be the one she was kissing.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter.For him it was asking her out every other week again. It was discovering that arguing with her was dead hot. This only made him ask her out more so she would get all hot and bothered. Her cheeks would flush and her eyes would sharpen and he wouldn't hear a thing she said. He wondered idly if there was something wrong with him but decided it wasn't hurting anybody…. well except Lily but she seemed to pick fights with him too so he kept doing it.She had gotten seriously hot over the summer and had many suitors besides him but she wasn't open to any of them. Although he considered that was mostly because most of the guys who asked her were terrible Slytherins that were definitely Death Eaters. A couple of Hufflepuffs had too, according to Remus, but she hadn't liked any of them enough.He noticed her spending less and less time with Snivellus and he was grateful for that. She even seemed to ignore the fact that he was present sometimes and would hang out with the marauders. Unfortunately, this stopped happening at the end of the year.He had tormented Snape making her hate him more, and then Sirius had sent the tosspot to be killed by Remus and James had had to stop it. This made him and Remus and sort of Peter stop talking to Sirius. Lily was still friends with him during this time so this only made her hate James more.For her it was him randomly asking her to Hogsmeade in the corridor in between class.The first time it had happened she foolishly hadn't been expecting it. It had been about the first week into school. "Oi Evans! Go to Hogsmeade with me?" He'd shouted loudly, Remus and Sirius cringing behind him, Peter watching anxiously.She blushed despite herself, from the surprise, she told herself. "Bugger off Potter." She muttered as she turned around, smiling slightly for no reason she could discern. Sirius raised an eyebrow sharply at her behaviour and she glared at him before stalking away from them.And then Severus had called her the m word and she blamed him but she also blamed Potter for driving him to it. She had decided she was never going to speak to the pair of them ever again. She had known that was the path he was heading on but had turned her head and desperately hoped he'd pull his head out of his arse and not become a Death Eater.Then he had tried to make an exception of her and it had made her hate him with a strength she hadn't known she possessed. That wasn't how a person should act. He treated everyone else like her scum, treating her better was not better, it was disgusting.She found solace in her roommates who assured her endlessly that she was much better off without him. She mostly believed them, but a part of her grieved for the young boy in too big shirts who had told her she was special.And then Sirius had nearly killed Severus by telling him where to find Remus on a bloody full moon. But when she saw his face the next day and how all of his friends had abandoned him, she couldn't find it in her to hate him.What Sirius did was horrible and Remus had a right to be furious, but not Potter and Peter. Well okay maybe they did a little but Sirius was broken up by what he'd done and by the hatred and cold looks his friends were giving him. Her, Frank, and Alice were the only ones who would talk to him. Well besides the girls who wanted to be with him but he wasn't in the mood for them.He had told her the whole story and while nearly killing him was quite extreme, Severus had not been blameless. She reckoned that was why Dumbledore hadn't expelled him.Sirius had literally cried in her arms the night it had happened, she had known something was going on by the swearing in the common room. As a prefect she had sent everyone else to bed but had gone down to comfort Sirius amid some Muffliato charms afterwards.She hated Potter for his hatred of Sirius, however accurate it was. For her it was just one more thing to hate him for. The year ended with her hating him more than ever.

Disclaimer: It is quite unfortunate that I do not own Harry Potter.For her it was absolute shock. James Potter had seemed to do a full 180 from the person he had been last year. He stopped asking her out, stopped being creepy, stopped bullying Snape, and his voice had deepened over the summer. His hair also looked a little less ridiculous then it had previously. He stopped preening, stopped tousling his hair in an attempt to make it look windblown, and he only did harmless pranks occasionally.She noticed the four marauders were closer than ever and was happy. It seemed all had been forgiven over the summer. Frank and Alice were also being more nauseating than usual and she had been stunned at sharing an amused yet slightly disgusted look with Potter over their vigorous snogging one night in the common room.He was no longer the Potter she had known. She sort of liked him now. The horror. But she would acknowledge him politely in group settings and even found herself laughing at some of his jokes.Remus and Sirius were very amused by their truce but she just ignored them. She now spent most of her time with the four boys as Frank and Alice were off in dark broom closets, and her roommates hung out with them all the time.She steered clear of dares in the weekly truth or dare games because she didn't want to have to kiss him. Plus, she had no embarrassing information. She had even asked him for help with an advanced concept of Transfiguration. They were actually taking all of the same N.E.W.T classes after O.W. L's."Erm…Potter?" She asked nervously one night by the roaring fire in the common room. He had spun his head around in shock, Remus and Sirius mimicking his action. Peter was in detention."Hey Lily." He said in deep, measured tones, eyes furrowed in confusion. Dimly, she noticed he had stopped calling her Evans. She found her face heating and cursed herself inwardly. This didn't appear to escape Sirius or Remus' notice and they both sent her ridiculously knowing looks. They knew nothing, she thought fervently."I don't get the charm McGonagall taught us today and I was wondering if…well…screw it. Will you help me? I saw you get it instantly and it's your best subject so…"He didn't even hesitate. "Sure." He responded evenly, ignoring her blush. "You've gotta switch the wand movement up a bit from how you're supposed to do it, and try it nonverbally to start because that's probably not helping." At one point he grabbed her wrist gently to show her and it had been decidedly awkward but they had bout resolutely ignored the awkwardness.After, she had thanked him softly and disappeared to the girls' dorms.For him it was learning how to control himself. He figured out how to not act like a complete idiot around her, after a much needed but very awkward talk with his father. His dad had been especially amused by the fact that Lily was a redhead. Apparently liking redheads was a curse for Potter men.He had also learned that he had been acting like a jerk after the events at the end of last year and decided to mature. Plus, he had seen the state of his parents after their latest auror mission and he knew he needed to take some things seriously. They were in the middle of a war now.He promised himself to leave Snivellus alone and make the pranks tamer and funnier. Sirius had put up a slight fight at first but James knew he privately agreed, Sirius had changed a lot since last year too.He found that the more he was his self around her, the more Lily seemed to be coming around. Not to mention she was around him a lot because their year had grown closer with the death of Dorcas. He had inadvertently comforted her after that.James felt empty. Dorcas had been a childhood friend; their parents had been friends. And she had been murdered by Voldemort. He couldn't believe it. It hurt so much more than he had ever expected. It had been Easter break and the ten of them were the only ones in the Gryffindor tower.It was currently plagued by somber and teary people and he couldn't stand it anymore. He left without knowing where he was going and found himself climbing the steps to the astronomy tower. He heard sniffling when he got to the top and tried to leave without being seen but Lily had noticed him.She stared at him silently, tears falling down her face. He couldn't help but think how tragically beautiful she looked, even crying."Erm, I was just going to…" She tore her eyes from his and leaned against the side of the tower, legs dangling over the edge. Something compelled him to sit beside her. She didn't say anything as he crouched down beside her, careful not to lean too far forward."I can leave if you want." He said softly. She shook her head mutely."I just can't believe she's gone." It came out as a whisper and he swallowed thickly as his own feelings made themselves known. She noticed the source of his muteness and in the most surprising move, laid her head on his shoulder.A few tears fell down his own face and he tentatively put his arm around her. "Me neither." They sat there for what felt like forever and he felt her presence reassuring. Eventually she pulled her head off of his shoulder and stood up."Thank you, James." She looked him directly in the eyes and he felt a warmth spread through him at her gratitude."You're welcome, and thanks." He responded softly. She smiled warmly for a second. She had never looked at him that way before and it took his breath away. And then she turned and she was gone.James let out a breath to steady himself and wondered just when he had fallen in actual love with Lily Evans.

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter.For her it was discovering she had it bad for none other than James Potter himself. He was kind and funny and surprisingly smart. Not in the fact that he was smart, but he was smart in ways she had never known someone could be and it thrilled her.He had also very much grown up somewhere in the middle fo sixth year and even she could no longer actively deny he was attractive. She gave up trying which escaped the notice of none of her friends who constantly gave her infuriatingly knowing looks when she flirted or acted awkward around James.He had become James when Dorcas had died, she frowned, that had been a hard time. And she had even started calling him that in her head. He was also Head Boy alongside her now and she was surprised to enjoy sharing a dorm with him and patrolling with him.He found way more rule breakers than she ever had in all her years as prefect, she guessed that was from doing so much of it himself in his earlier years. They talked about everything and nothing. He was a good listener and genuinely seemed to care about what she said.They also had invigorating debate on a wide range of topics, much different from their arguing of earlier years.She found himself finding him daydreaming about him often. He was adorable and hot, a lethal combination. His voice sounded like music to her and she found even his most annoying qualities endearing now.She was sad they were leaving next year. She supposed she would never see him again. That was until she joined the Order of the Phoenix. She made the most of her last year, surprising the marauders by being more lenient and generally more mellow. She told herself it was to enjoy her last year, and not to impress James at all.For him it was friendship. He figured that was all he would get and so he fell naturally into the role of amazing friend. He listened and they did funny things. His stomach still did flipflops when she was around, especially that time he had caught her in nothing but a towel in their dorm.His throat had gone dry and he had been very thankful that she had not seen him in the common room when she hurried by. He smelled her strawberry scent everywhere in the dormitory and it was a sort of torture. His friends needled him endlessly about the sharing of dorms but he didn't care.She had let him become friends and he couldn't have been happier. He even enjoyed ousting the curfew breakers with her, much to Sirius' horror. Remus seemed to find this more mature version of James very amusing indeed.They played one final prank on the Professors before they left and it had been all in good fun, McGonagall had even teared up as James announced that was their last prank ever. He knew he would see her in Order meetings, which every single Gryffindor in their year had been recruited to and joined, but he felt sad at leaving her and the rest of the staff. Gryffindor won the Quidditch cup and he was so happy, and yet so sad that he was leaving."James?" She asked one evening, near the end of term. In fact, it was a day before their last ever Hogsmeade weekend, as she very well knew."Hmm?" He asked distractedly, not looking up from studying for N. E. W. T.'s."James." She said, making him put his glasses on more firmly and look up at her over the teetering pile of textbooks and notes, amassed from seven years. She swallowed audibly and he raised an eyebrow before throwing caution to the wind. Time to gather all of her Gryffindor courage."I was just wondering…" She looked at him shyly through her hair. "Well, it's been a long time since you asked me to Hogsmeade." She finally had his full attention. He was staring at her with his mouth open.His brow furrowed. "Okay…?" He was utterly perplexed and she found it adorable. This did not help her courage. Bravely, she plowed on."If you still want too…" His eyebrows shot up into his hairline and her heart was thumping painfully in her chest. She could very well be messing up their entire friendship after it had taken so long to get here."I do." He muttered quietly but decisively."Ask me once more." She whispered, barely getting the words out. There was a spark of something undefinable in his eyes and it was his turn to swallow. He had somehow moved closer to her, now inches from her. She thought he must surely hear her heart."Lily Evans." He said, smiling. "Will you go to Hogsmeade with me?" All bravado had left him after he said her name and she felt the tension in the air as she stared back into his eyes."Yes." She said softly, and all of a sudden his lips were on hers. She wondered why she had waited so long. Nothing had ever felt more right than kissing James Potter's soft, warm lips. She tangled a hand in his unruly hair, the other around his neck.He put his arms around her waist and felt like home. She had been feeling lost and unmoored since her parents had been killed and reckoned he had been too since his parents had similarly died. He smelled like fresh air and quill ink and she had never felt anything as good as this.They broke apart but their arms were still around each other, as if they had been slow dancing."Wow." He whispered and she giggled."Wow indeed.""Well." She started. "I'm going to stay with the girls in the Gryffindor dorm, no doubt they'll find the news exciting and want to help me get ready tomorrow. Mostly I know you're probably bursting with telling the guys." She said in amusement and he grinned slightly embarrassed."Only because I've wanted this for so long. Since first year. You're the only one I've ever thought of."She gave him a wide smile."Keep saying things like that James Potter and things might turn out very well for you." He raised his eyebrows and grinned widely at her before taking her face in his hands and kissing her once more. He tasted like mint."I'll see you tomorrow." He said before summoning some clothes and heading for the dorms.Lily couldn't even be mad at the merciless teasing she endured later because she was going out with James tomorrow. It was ridiculous but she couldn't wipe the stupid smile off of her face. She was going to date James.
