Written for the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry (Challenges and Assignments) Term 13HSWW: Home Economics & Domestic Magic - Task #2 - Laundry: Write about someone taking pride in their appearanceA.N.: This is a gift fic for Gen and Angela. Thank you for giving me the inspiration and allowing my mind go wild with it. Also, thank you, Angel, for the fantastic cover. You never fail to amaze me. This whole Hogwarts experience wouldn't be the same without you. Go, Lions!Additional challenges listed belowWord Count – 3136Lily was fuming. It was midnight in the middle of December and she was standing outside her studio trying to fit her key into the hole without taking her gloves off. It was too cold and the wind was penetrating her clothes and chilling her to the bone. Finding out that the door was already unlocked did not help improve her mood. Whoever said that working with celebrities would be glamorous was delusional.All Lily wanted in life was to be a photographer. She started taking pictures of birthday parties, weddings. Then, she moved to photographing models, but she soon realized that was not her thing and she quit. But not before making friends with one of the models, Marlene McKinnon, who introduced her to the Marauders. The Marauders were the hottest rock band of the moment and Lily was both baffled and ecstatic when they hired her as their photographer.At first, it was only concert pictures, then it evolved to publicity and album covers. Now, Lily was the only photographer the boys trusted. The same was not to be said about Lily who did not trust the boys one bit. Especially Sirius Black.Sirius had sent her a very suspicious text about an hour ago, asking her to meet them at midnight at her studio for an emergency meeting. She had no idea what they were up to, and she was honestly scared to find out. They wouldn't do anything dangerous, but that didn't mean she was comfortable with everything they pulled.The lights and the heater were already on when she walked in the studio she knew very well, but there were some new things in there. A red chaise lounge stood in front of her white wall, a table of props that she did not even dare look at was right next to it, four black robes were laying on the floor and four half naked boys in black boxers perched on the back and arm of the chaise lounge."Why did you summon me here at this unGodly hour?" she asked, completely unfazed by the view. When you work with the Marauders, you tend to get used to their shenanigans."Summon? What are you, a demon?" teased James looking right at her."No, no, Potter. I'm a goddess, and you better treat me like one since I'm missing out on some much needed sleep, thank you very much." Peter muffled a laugh and Lily shot a wink at him. "So, what are you all getting me into this time?""Calendar!" Sirius shouted, jumping down to the ground and walking to wrap his arm around her shoulders in a sideway hug. "Just picture this, Petal. Our new album has twelve tracks, the year has twelve months. It's perfect.""First of all, please let me take these clothes off because it's way too hot in here." As soon as the words left Lily's mouth, she knew they were a mistake."My my, Pet. Are you flirting with me?""You wish," she said, rolling her eyes and hanging her three coats on the back of her chair."Now, onto the second of all. Are you planning to do a whole calendar based on your songs in one night?""Of course. We can do it," said James, sliding down to lay on the cushions."Just because you can, doesn't mean you should," she retorted."In this case, we should and you're going to help us." James smiled at her.James' smile was something that was beginning to bother Lily. She missed the times she used to roll her eyes at the girls swooning and fawning over him. Now, her stomach insisted on filling with butterflies everytime he was around. He was not only incredibly attractive, but he was also really nice. Cocky, as well, but it was just enough for it to be amusing."I can't stand the four of you," she said after a second too long staring at him."You may have gotten your words wrong there, Lils. I think you meant to say that you can't live without us." He winked at her."I don't get words wrong, Potter," she hissed."Yes, you do. Sometimes. I can give you some examples if you'd like." He had a solemn look on his face and Lily felt like smacking it away."Well, nobody's perfect," she said instead."Sirius is," James replied, shrugging."Thanks mate, right back at you." Sirius, who had gone back to his friends, patted him in the back.Lily rolled her eyes. "Why don't you ask him to take the pictures, then?""Because he has to be in them, Lily. Keep up!"Lily mustered all of her self control not to kill him right then and there. Before James could say something else stupid, Lily turned around to set up the camera."So, what are we thinking for the first-" The rest of the question died in her throat as she turned around to find James, Sirius, Peter and Remus stark naked standing side by side.Lily knew she was staring, but she figured that would be an appropriate reaction to seeing the four most sought after boys in the country butt-naked in front of her."I understand that it's a lot to process, Petal. We're gorgeous." Sirius winked at her.Lily could do nothing but blush. Poor Remus and Peter looked as uncomfortable as she felt. She never knew what to expect from them, but this was going a little too far."What- what are you doing?" she managed to say."The first song will be Naked Truth," explained James, like it was obvious."And you all are going to be naked for it," Lily said slowly, trying to wrap her head around it."Exactly!""James, what planet do you come from that you think that's okay?""Why wouldn't it be, Lils? So many bands have naked pictures of theirs. Plus, we won't be with everything showing. We have cardboard signs. Look!"James moved to the props table and picked up the signs that had 'TRUTH' written on them. Lily may or may not have looked at his butt while he moved."We did try to tell him that we wouldn't have to be naked, since the sign is big enough to cover the boxers we were wearing, but he said-""It takes the authenticity out of it, Remus," James interrupted him.James handed each of his friends a sign. Sirius took his, eagerly, Remus rolled his eyes and Peter just looked utterly defeated. Lily just shook her head and gave into their craziness. She had taken a couple of shots when she noticed how awkwardly Peter was standing. His arms were too close together, his legs were too straight and his knees were locked. As soon as she pointed that out, James moved towards the props table and handed a flask to Peter, who took a long swig of what Lily knew to be "liquid courage".Things started flowing a little more smoothly after that. The boys got dressed for the rest of the shots, which was a relief for both Lily and Remus. Peter was too buzzed to care at that point, a little lightweight that one was.The four Marauders posed with swords and leather jackets for the song 'Modern Day Knight' and a telescope for 'Starry eyed' that Lily had no idea where they found. She had to admit that, however far fetched, their ideas were good and worked."Please, tell me this is the last one," she pleaded.They had been there for over four hours. Lily was contemplating taking pictures sitting on the floor by now. The boys were starting to look a little worn out, but they were better than her. She had to crouch, stand and lie on the floor multiple times in order to get the best angles for the pictures, and her legs were definitely beginning to protest the movements."Yes, it is, my dearest. 'Say I do' is the last song on the album," Sirius replied."We still need a bride," James said. "Otherwise, we'll just look like a bunch of James Bonds in tuxedos.""I'll be the bride," Sirius volunteered, eagerly.Remus groaned loudly. "Your legs in a dress is not something I want to have to see, Sirius.""I'll have you know, Remus, that my legs look fantastic in a dress, thank you very much," Sirius retorted."I may have to disagree with you there, Sirius. It's not as pretty as you think it is," added Peter, who was a lot more sober and sleepy."Wait, have you seen it?" asked Remus, shocked."Please, don't make me talk about it." Peter shuddered. "I still get nightmares to this day."Sirius wacked him in the head with one of the 'truth' signs and Peter just laughed."Lily could be the bride," Remus suggested."Oh, no. Thank you, very much. I'm good," she said, quickly."Come on, Lils." James walked over to her and took her hand. He knelt down in front of her. "Will you marry me? Please?"Lily wanted to laugh so badly, but before she could respond, Sirius made a very offended sound."Who said you're the groom?""Come on, Sirius. Give me a break. You wanted to be the bride not even five seconds ago.""Well, I changed my mind. I wanna marry Lily.""This just got way too awkward for me," said Peter, making his exit to go put on his tuxedo. "You coming, Remus?""Oh, yes. I don't think I'm brave enough to watch this clownery unfold.""Oi!" yelled Sirius and James after him."So, Petal, what is it going to be? Me or James?" asked Sirius, crossing his arms in front of his chest."Why don't I marry both of you?" Lily asked. "Or rather, all four of you?""I- Huh? That's very- hm, modern," said Sirius, scratching his chin."Well, you know me. I'm just like any modern woman," Lily joked. "But seriously, though, fans have their favourites and I'm sure they would all love to picture themselves in the bride's place. It would be unfair to Remus' and Peter's fans to only have you two as grooms.""Hey, James," Sirius fake-whispered. "I don't like it when she's right.""Oh, shut up."As Lily tried on the different dresses the boys had brought, - again, neither did she know where they got it from, nor did she care - she stared at her reflection in the mirror. She felt beautiful, even with her hair in a messy bun and just the minimal amount of makeup to look presentable in a picture. There was this spark in her eyes that she hadn't noticed before, and her smile was big. She didn't understand how a wedding dress for a photoshoot could do that to a person.Lily Evans had never thought of herself as the type of person who would get married someday. She had chosen to follow her dream of being of a photographer, instead of following the dream of being a wife. It had always felt like one could not be if the other was. The woman in white on the other side of the mirror said otherwise. She didn't have to sacrifice her personal life in order to favour her professional one, and now that Lily saw that, maybe she would allow herself to dream a little more. And, as soon as she walked out the dressing room, she knew exactly who she would be dreaming of.James Potter was good looking, there was no denying that, but in wedding clothes he was nothing short of breathtaking. The confidence oozed off him and made Lily's heart beat fast against her ribcage. She feared it might actually break free and run towards him of its own accord. The way he smiled when he saw her should have been against the law, if you asked Lily.Sirius' wolf whistle cut through the fog in her brain, and she was able to move again. James was already sitting on the scarlet chaise lounge, and she sat down right next to him. She propped her legs up and rested them on the seat. Sirius sat on the floor right in front of her, and she landed a hand on his shoulder. Peter was standing behind the seat with his hand on her shoulder, and Remus sat on the back of the chaise lounge, with his feet behind her legs as her elbow rested on his knees.Lily hid the Bluetooth remote in the hand that was holding Sirius' and took as many shots as she could. In some of them, she was looking at the camera, in others she was looking at Remus, or Peter, or Sirius, but in most of them, she was staring right into James' eyes. She couldn't look away, no matter how much she tried.She was blushing furiously by the time they finished, and Sirius begged her to show them the pictures before they all changed.The curse of modern times, Lily thought. I miss when people had to wait to see their photos."Oh, Minnie is going to freak when she sees these pictures," Sirius laughed, showing everybody the pictures from 'Naked Truth'.Lily's heart stopped beating. "Are you telling me that your manager doesn't know about this?""It's a surprise for her," James said."I'm so fired." Lily buried her head in her hands."Eh, it's a possibility." Sirius shrugged and gave the camera back to her. "I'm off, cause I need to get my beauty sleep. Pete, need a ride?"Sirius gave her a loud kiss on the cheek, and left with Peter by his side. Lily knew that Peter was the only one who hadn't gotten a car or motorcycle yet, and he didn't plan on doing so anytime soon. Remus left soon after, leaving James and Lily alone together to take care of the mess."James, I mean it," she said for the fifth time. "Go home, I can finish organizing it here. You guys already set up the whole thing.""That's exactly why I need to help. It was our mess. Plus, someone needs to walk you home."Lily rolled her eyes. She lived two minutes away from her studio, but James and the boys always insisted on walking her home when it got late, and, well, it was late now.As she walked towards the chaise lounge to move it aside, James sprinted ahead and jumped on it before she could even touch it. He yanked his shirt off and struck a pose, supporting his weight with one elbow, while the other rested on his hips."Let's take some sexy shots, Lils. Just you and me."Lily laughed. "You're ridiculous.""Come on! You know you want this image to live somewhere else other than your imagination." He gestured to his lean and muscular body.Since Lily's mum hadn't raised a liar, she just blushed and took her Polaroid camera from her bag. She wasn't going to risk having the pictures being stolen by hackers. She was a lot smarter than that.Lily clicked a couple pictures of James goofing around and posing, but the second he pulled her into the soft scarlet cushions, her whole body tensed up. She wasn't used to his touch yet. She wasn't used to his arm around her waist, or his naked torso pressed against her back, or a couple other things that she could feel but was working really hard not to focus on."James," she called, swallowing hard. "I can't take any pictures like this.""I have an idea," he exclaimed, letting go of her.James put on the tuxedo jacket over his still naked chest and it took Lily a moment to realize that she was still wearing the wedding dress. She sat up next to him and he took the Polaroid from her hands. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and planted a kiss on her cheek as he took the shot."Shit! Look at the time!" James all but jumped out of the seat. "We need to get you home."Lily was still looking at the little black picture in her hands, when James extended his hand for her to grab and get up. Lily left it on top of her coats and went to the dressing room to change.Getting out of the dress was humbling. Lily still thought she looked good in her regular clothes, but the magic and the sparkle were not there anymore. Now, she was just ordinary Lily.Ordinary Lily seemed to be just fine for James, though, judging by how fast he took her hand as they stepped onto the street to face the cold wind of the beginning of winter. It was no surprise that it was empty at five in the morning, but James still visibly relaxed when he saw no one around. Apparently, being harrassed wherever you go was not a pleasant feeling and celebrities valued their private moments. Who would've thought?"So," James started, motioning to the already visible picture of his kiss on her cheek. "How did it feel to be married to me for a couple of seconds?"Lily laughed and blushed. "Oh, it was okay, but nothing beats being married to Sirius, you know?""I'm sure it doesn't." James laughed."James, I think you can tell the boys," Lily said out of the blue."Huh? About what?""About us dating. It's been almost a month, and I don't think we have to hide it anymore.""Oh." James rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand. "I didn't know it was a secret to begin with."Lily turned to him as soon as they arrived at her door. "You already told them, didn't you?""In all fairness, you never told me it was supposed to be a secret. I certainly never hid the fact that I fancied you." He gave her his dazzling smile."I remember." Lily rolled her eyes."I should get going," he said, still not letting go of her hand. "You need to sleep and I still have to get home.""Why don't you sleep here tonight?"The offer came out before Lily could process what she was actually saying. James looked just as stunned, but recovered quickly."Yeah. I mean, sure. Is it okay if I leave my car at the studio and go get it tomorrow?""Of course, James. Now, please, let's go inside. It's freezing out here."She didn't have to say it twice. Her body warmed up the second James closed the door behind her, pressing her body against it and smashing his lips on hers. If Lily was right, and she often was, things were only going to get hotter from there.Insane House Challenge#25 – Word: SparkleWriting Month OctoberCharacter Appreciation: #27. Dialogue: "I don't get words wrong"Record Collection: 21. 9. One and Only: "Nobody's perfect."Eras: #7. TV: She-Ra - Write about a strong womanTime Machine: #16. Era: MaraudersShowtime: #4. The Whole "Being Dead" Thing, Pt. 2 - (dialogue) "I understand that it's a lot to process."Elizabeth's Empire: #24. (emotion) embarrassedLiza's Loves: #26. Trait: UnpredictableBex's Basement: #11. Marauder's Mayhem: Write about the Marauders.Lizzy's Loft: #9. Word: EmergencyScamander's Case: #13. Colour: BlackFilm Festival: #17. Object: flaskMarvel Appreciation: #1. Iron Man – (trait) sarcasticLyric Alley: #5. Broke the lookin' glassThe Forecast Says…: 13th. Windy: "What planet do you come from that you think that's okay?"Entitled: #20. Write about someone trying on wedding clothes when not getting married.October FunfairMonster Petting Zoo: Gary the Ghoul - Practice wailing with: (scenario) walking another character homeHalloween Sing-along: #1. This is Halloween - Danny Elfman - Everybody's waiting for the next surpriseKiss, Marry, Kill: Kiss Lily Evans - Word: SuspiciousHalloween Drive-In Movies: #18. The Addams Family - "I'm just like any modern woman."Pumpkin Carving: #16. (item) telescopeMurder Mystery: #9. swordHot Air Balloon: #10. Weather: windyBingo: 3B - JamesLilyWine Tasting: Sparkling Wine - #4. Schramsberg Brut Rose 2016 - (title) Leaving You BreathlessHorror Hunt: #12. Record evidence of paranormal activity: (object) cameraFortune Telling: Heart Line - Pairing: JamesLilyTrick or Treating: House 4 – # (object) keyApple Bobbing: Apple 5 – (Era) MarauderCostume Party: #27. Chucky – (Era) MarauderLeaf Picking: Brown #10. Trait - ResponsibleSpooky Playlist: #14. Pet Sematary - The Ramones / (weather) windyPop FiguresGame of Thrones – #44 The Night King: (time) midnightSticker ClubHungarian Horntail – Word: dangerousAutumn SeasonalDays of the Year: 24th November - Evolution Day: Write about a relationship evolving into something newSarcasm Month: #19. (dialogue) "Just because you can, doesn't mean you should."Chemistry Week: #97. Berkelium: baffledUnited Nations: #97. Liberia - (dialogue) "Are you flirting with me?" / "You wish."Colours: #15. Scarlet
