Disclaimer: I am not J.K. Rowling, so I do not own Harry Potter.Chapter 1He walked through the village, avoiding the screeching Muggle children who caught a glimpse of him beneath his hood. They were afraid of him. Good. They thought he was wearing a mask, but their fear would be deeper if they knew it was his true face. He approached the house. It looked ordinary, giving no clue as to the identities of its occupants. No doubt they thought themselves secure behind their Fidelius Charm, trusting in their friend Peter, when their trust was unknowingly misplaced. Trust was lacking in the face of fear. As he approached the house, he ducked into the shadow of a tree. Drawing his bone-white wand, he Disillusioned himself. It would not do for them to look out the window and see him, would it?Now he was at the house. He did not open the gate, for even then a glance might betray his presence, and the gate's opening when there was no-one in sight could not be explained away by the wind, for there was none. Instead, he climbed over the low garden wall. Now he was inside the boundary, and there would be no stopping him. Another wave of his wand, and he rose into the air. It was nothing for a wizard of his power to fly by the simple expedient of casting a Hover Charm on himself. He rose to the height of the first floor, and circled the house. There. That window. He drifted over, and the nursery window opened with another wand wave. Passing through it, he looked down at the sleeping baby boy. This was one of the two potentials from the prophecy? Prophecies were vague things by their nature, but might never come to pass. That one, would not. He pointed his wand at the baby, and quietly spoke the first spell that would ensure he would not be defeated, the second was to be cast in another place. "Avada Kedavra." With a flash of green light, the boy's life ended. He left a token of his visit, darkening the soft blue wallpaper with his Mark before Disapparating. He had another young life to end tonight.A few minutes later, Lily Potter entered the nursery and screamed in terror, grief and pain. For what mother would not, on discovering the murder of her child? Many miles away, Alice Longbottom screamed in much the same way, as the Dark Mark, cast in flames, burnt its way through the nursery wall above her son Neville's crib. Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom would have grown up together, practically as brothers, were it not for their deaths.Somewhere else, surrounded by his followers, the Dark Lord Voldemort laughed in triumph. "And thus, with the deaths of two infant boys, is my supposed prophesied defeat avoided. Dumbledore was a fool to place hope in the words of whichever rambling Seer he found. Prophecies are always vague in the small details, and import is only conferred by those who hear them!" "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches", he sneered, "a British witch or wizard would take that to mean I, while a German would think of Grindelwald – who, if rumour holds true, is still alive, locked in his fortress of Nurmengard. A Russian would think of Koschei the Deathless, who has delved into Horcruxes as I have, now entering his thirteenth century, of such power that even the Muggles have heard of him. Now, leave me – not you, Lucius. I have need of your skill with words. We shall send a message to Britain, one they shall not be able to ignore, even should they dare to try.""What message, my Lord?" "A letter, Lucius. A simple letter, which we shall send to the Daily Prophet. They will, of course, publish it. We shall tell Britain of the prophecy, and how Dumbledore put too much trust in it. For what sweeter torment could there be than to ignite a flicker of hope before snuffing it out?"A few days later, four men and two women in black stood side-by-side in the grey November rain. They looked down at the two tiny graves, and wept, their tears mingling with the rain. Two of the men raised their faces to the sky and gave wolfish howls of pain and sadness. When the howling ceased, one of the men spoke. "What do we do now?" "Now," said one of the women, red-haired, her voice surging with rage, "We find the rat, and make sure he suffers the same as us. But Snape is mine, and damn Dumbledore if he says otherwise. Mort may have cast the spell, but it was Snape that gave him a reason to do it. It was Snape who killed our beautiful boys, and he is going to pay for it."With those goals set, the six Apparated away, leaving the tiny graves behind. When the rain stopped, a Muggle visitor to the little graveyard would have found it curious that these two alone were dry, and wondered what significance was attached to the names of the stones, and why the dates of death and birth were the same:Harry James PotterBorn 31 July 1980Died 31 October 1981Neville Harfang LongbottomBorn 31 July 1980Died 31 October 1981
