Harry rushed through the corridors of St. Mungos, towards his wife's room. In his head he was going over what had happened from when he found out she'd been injured by a blundger during practise, until had already been given a briefing of her condition and it wasn't as bad as they had thought it was, she was likely to be able to go home tonight. They were just running some tests to see why her body and magic had reacted the way it had."How are you feeling, Gin?" Harry asked, as he made his way into her room."Fine, just a little tired," Ginny replied, sitting up. Soon the healer walked in, carrying what looked like a clipboard."Congratulations," he said looking up."For what?" Ginny asked, confused."When was your last period, Mrs Potter?" the healer asked.Confusion flushed across Ginny's face before she muttered, "oh.""What Gin?" Harry asked."I'll explain, once we get home," Ginny replied. "Can you see if Gwenog is still there and if she is explain to her that I'm alright.""okay, " Harry replied, leaving. After Harry had left the healer explained why they thought Ginny had reacted the way she had."Gwenog said you can take off as long as necessary," Harry said coming back into the room."Mrs, Potter if you can sign here," the healer said pointing to something on his clipboard. "And Mr Potter if you can sign here," pointing to somewhere elso on the clipboard. "Then I can let you go home.""What did the healer say when I went to speak witty Gwenog?" Harry asked, as they sat down for dinner."What would you say if I said, quiet and sleep in nine months will be a thing of the past?" Ginny asked."Wait, you're pregnant!?" Harry asked, in almost disbelief."Yip," Ginny replied, popping the p.

It was Sunday, Harry and Ginny were getting ready to go to the Burrow for Sunday family lunch. This one was special for Harry and Ginny as they were telling the family that they were having a baby. Harry was extremely nervous. "Harry Potter, the saviour of the wizarding world is nervous about telling the family that we are going to have a baby," Ginny teased."No I'm worried your brothers are going to beat me up because I got their little sister pregnant," Harry replied."You think I would allow that?" Ginny asked. "and besides we're adults now and have been married for 3 years.""I know but they still think you are the baby of the family," Harry replied.Ginny looked at the clock, "we better get going now," Ginny said before looking at Harry. "And no we are not saying to my mum we can't go." Harry looked defeated. As they flooed to the Burrow. When they arrived Teddy ran away from Victorie and up to Harry and Ginny so he could give them a hug, Remus and Tonks just grinned."Lunch," Mrs Weasley shouted from the kitchen. Everyone walked through to the kitchen so they could sit at the table.Percy stood up, "as you know I have been a girl called Audrey recently," Fred and George all rolled their eyes at Harry who had to look away, while Violet and Angelina sighed. "Anyway I have asked her to marry me and she said yes.""How is that possible?" George asked, Angelina slapped his arm."I really don't know George," Fred replied, Violet scowled at him."Enough of teasing Percy," Mrs Weasley said. "We should be happy for him." Bill just looked bored."Anyone got any more exciting news?" He asked.Teddy looked up from his meal, "Yeah," he said. "Hope is starting school so she'll be with me." Remus and Tonks smiled at him, while Hope looked excited."Wow, that is exciting," Bill said to Teddy. Ginny stood up, Harry paled."Yes, Ginny?" Charlie asked."Oh, me and Harry have an announcement," she replied, Bill looked really worried. "We are going to have a child." Ginny's parents and brothers looked shocked whereas their wives looked excited."Prove it," Ron called out from the other end of the table."Fine," Ginny called back as she lifted up her shirt to reveal a tiny growing baby bump. Ron looked shocked and suddenly all the adults were hugging Harry and Ginny."I'm going to be a grandma," Molly said softly."You're already a grandma mum, to Victorie and little Fred," Ginny replied."And a substitute Grandma to Teddy and Hope," Remud replied.Two hours later, Harry and Ginny arrived back at Potter Manor. "I'm glad that's over ," Harry said.

"Come on," Teddy called, too his godparents and sister."Have you got you and Hope's bag, Teddy?" Harry called back, coming into the floo room where Teddy was.The seven year old huffed, "yes, Harry.""Are you sure you want to go back to your parents?" Ginny asked, coming into the room with Hope. Teddy and Hope had spent the last two nights at Harry and Ginny's and were going home with their parents after dinner at Marauder Manor. It was tradition for everyone who had stayed at Marauder Manor during the wars, to go to dinner at Marauder Manor every Wednesday with their families."Yes, Ginny," Teddy replied, as Harry took Teddy's hand and Ginny Hope's so they could floo to Marauder they arrived Teddy and Hope ran through to the lounge where everyone else was with Harry and Ginny not far behind."Hey mum," Harry said, as he walked into the lounge. "Sorry we missed it the past few weeks, we had a few things on.""No, it doesn't matter, you're here now," Lily replied. Ivy shot Harry a spathetic glance. Everyone kinda separated, as they went and chatted. Which left Lily and Ginny watching Harry play with Soria, Teddy and Hope."He'll be a great dad," Ginny said absentmindedly."Yes, he will be," Lily replied knowingly. "I won't say anything to anyone.""My family and the guys that go to Weasley dinner already know," Ginny replied.As everyone sat down to dinner Fred, Violet's husband, called out, "Ginny has something to tell everyone.""Ooh, what is it?" Sirius asked."Really, Black?" Severus asked him."Yes, Snivilius," Sirius replied."Maybe, we should wait and see what it is as some people already seem to know," James added, looking at Lily."How does my mum know?" Harry whispered to Ginny."I don't know she just said she wouldn't tell anyone when we were talking," Ginny whispered back. "She is a Healer after all.""TELL US!" Sirius screamed, Remus laughed."Wait you know too?" Frank asked."Yeah," Remus replied."What is going on?" Neville replied, walking in with Hannah as they had just arrived."Just your god brother and his wife seem to have something to tell us but they won't tell us what, so were trying to get it out of them," Sirius replied."Sirius stop using that ridiculous term… ," Leilani started."... my brother and his wife will tell you when you calm down… ," Dahlia continued."... and stop shouting, as it is exciting," Harry ended."That's mine and George's thing," Fred said, as everyone laughed."How often do you do that?" Rolf asked."Not enough clearly," Dahlia teased."Not often at dinners like this, but constantly in front of the family," Violet replied sensibly."Ok, can I tell you?" Harry asked."YESSSS!" Sirius yelled. "FINALLY SOME ANSWERS.""Sirius… ," Dahlia started."... what did we… ," Harry continued."... tell you?" Leilani finished."Enough of the triplet talking," Lily said."Ok, Mummy," Dahlia teased."Can you tell us?" Aelina asked."Ok, Sirius you are getting old as -," Harry started."That's mean, what's going on?" Sirius said annoyed."Let me continue. Sirius you are getting old as since you are the oldest marauder and the youngest remaining marauder is about to become a grandfather," Harry said."Wait, Prongs is going to be a grandfather so -," Sirius started. "Wait, Harry say that again.""Sirius you are getting old as since you are the oldest marauder and the youngest remaining marauder is about to become a grandfather," Harry repeated."What he's trying to say is that he is going to be a dad soon," Violet explained."Wow, we are old," Sirius said shocked, everyone laughed.

The back corner of The Leaky Cauldron would be a journalist's heaven, at lunch on the first Monday of every month. At lunch the new DA would meet in The Leaky Cauldron to share any news. The DA, who met monthly, was made up of most of the original DA and their siblings though some others had joined. It was now called the Defence Association and certain members of the old DA had been forbidden to join, those being Cho Chang as she constantly tried to get together with Harry, Marietta Edgecombe as she couldn't be trusted, and Micheal Corner as he didn't seem to know when enough was enough. Zacharias Smith had decided not to join as he still didn't get along with Harry though it wasn't out of spite anymore, Ernie Macmillan had also decided not to join as he had decided to go to New York after the war as he had lost all his family to Death Eaters and Justin Finch-Flechly had also decided not to join as he was still adjusting to his new life as a dad.This month Harry and Ginny have some big news to share. As everyone sat down at the mismatched tables Susan Bones asked, "what's your big news Ginny?""We'll say once everyone's ordered,"Ginny replied."Do we know anyone considering running for minister?" Katie Wood nee. Bell asked. Susan Bones and Percy Weasley both raised their hands."I am," Percy replied."I am so I can continue Auntie's legacy," Susan said."What's everyone ordering?" Hannah Abott asked, coming over. "I'll join you after getting the orders." As everyone gives their orders Ginny got something out of her bag and put it on her lap."I've not told anyone properly yet but I'm considering leaving my job at the ministry to write about what truly happened during our time at Hogwarts, under a different pen name," Hermione said as it quietens down."That's a great idea," Alicia Spinnet exclaimed, asRon got up and stormed over to the bar."What's up with him?" Dean Thomas asked."He doesn't want me to write books or leave the ministry. He says if I leave the ministry I need to become a stay at home housewife like his mum," Hermione replied."It's your life you should be able to do what you want," Angelina Johnson added."Say that to Ronald," Hermione sighed as Ron made his way back towards the tables carrying a fire whiskey."Does he not realise he can't have a fire whiskey as he's working?" Seamus Finnegan asked annoyed at his friend and colleague."Ron won't care," Bill sighed. Just then Hannah, Neville and one of their colleagues brought the lunches over."So what's your news, Ginny?" Lavender Brown asked."We're waiting on someone," Ginny responds camly. "They requested to join the DA and we said we would speak to you guys about it today.""Ooh, staling. I like it," Lavender teases. Harry just shakes his head. Soon the door opened and Draco Malfoy walked in scanning the room until his eyes rested on the DA and he walked over."What's Malfoy doing?" Ron spat out in obvious disgust. "Don't we see enough of him at work?""We invited him and he was wondering if he could join the DA," Ginny answered, obviously annoyed at Ron."Well, I vote no. Isn't helping him at his trial enough or do we need to make sure he has friends too," Ron responded darkly."If you're not happy about this then you can leave, but just remember Narcissa is Andie's sister and me and Gin have dinner at Andie's weekly which Narcissa and Draco attend," Harry responds. "You're lucky you went to the Weasley dinner two weeks ago otherwise you would be in the dark about our news." As Ron leaves Draco sits down in the seat in between Harry and Hermione."Lucky you warned me that might happen," Draco jokes with Hermione."How's Astoria?" Harry asked."She's good," Draco replies, thought quietly he adds, "we've decided to wait a few years and if she is still in the same condition we're going to try," to Harry and Hermione."Ginny, please tell us now," Lavender wines."Okay, this picture will give you a huge clue," she replies, getting the picture off her lap."What is it?" George Weasley asks, faking being confused. When the picture gets passed around some people squeal while others gasp in realisation.As it gets back to Ginny, Lavender can't help but ask, "are you expecting?""Yes in June," Ginny replied happily.Soon Draco gets up to leave stating that he needs to get back to work."Can Draco join?" Lee Jordan asks."Hands up if you want him to join," Alicia states, everyone raises their hands. "And Ron was a no but he was outvoted, so yes.""Okay, I'll tell him tonight," Harry says as everyone gets up to leave."See you next month," Ivy says.

"When should we tell our bosses?" Ginny asked Harry, as they ate dinner."Well how long can you continue training for?" Harry replied."About two weeks, but I don't want to play the next game.""How about tomorrow we tell Gwenog and I tell Robards on Friday.""Okay, that sounds good."The next morning Harry and Ginny set off for the Harpies stadium so they could arrive before the team went in the air."Potter, I thought you weren't coming in today," Gwenog said as Harry and Ginny approached her. "Good to see you Harry.""Can we talk in your office Gwenog?" Ginny asked."Sure," Gwenog replied confused, leading the way to her office. "What's this about then?""I can't continue playing at this current time and I don't know if I'll come back," Ginny stats camly."Reason why you're leaving us half way through the season?" Gwenog asks."We're expecting in June so it's not exactly safe for me to play quidditch," Ginny replies."Well, your spot on the team will always be open for you," Gwenog stats kindly. "Will this be in the papers?""We're hoping to keep it out for as long as possible, but we won't be able to forever," Harry replies."Okay, Ginny if you come in tomorrow we can discuss your leave," Gwenog says standing up. "I'll see you out.""Do you want to go speak to Robards together just now?" Ginny asks Harry once they get outside."Sure," Harry replied. When they arrived at the Ministry, the guard just nodded at Harry and let them past without having to have their wands checked. As they got in the lift Dean Thomas appeared out one of the floss and came over to join them."Aren't you off today, Harry?" Dean asked."Yeah, but we need to speak to Robards," Harry replied."Oh, yeah, congrats," Dean said faintly. Then the lift arrived at the Auror Offices where Harry and Ginny got out."Bye, Dean," Ginny said as they stepped out."Bye," Dean called back. Harry and Ginny headed towards the Head Auror Office so they could speak to Robards. As they approached the office they saw James come out with a stack of papers in his hands."He's free for you to go in," James told them as he passed."Thanks, dad," Harry replied. Harry and Ginny knocked on the office door and then entered."Yes, Potter?" Gawain Robards said without looking up. "Is today not your day off?""Yes but we need to speak to you about something," Ginny replied softly."Good to see you, Ginny," Robards said, looking up. "What can I do for you?""We're actually here to see you about another Potter," Harry said, grinning."Don't say your oldest sister is wanting to join too. You, your dad, Dehlia, Leilani and Ivy are enough for a lifetime," Robards exclaimed alarmed."No, she's happy in her position," Harry replied."What is it then?" Robards asked, visibly more relaxed."We're expecting in June," Harry replied."Okay, Potter," Robards sighed. "Guess you want to talk about paternal leave then.""Yes, please," Ginny answered surely."Right, so, what about two weeks before the due date. Which is?" Robards asked."10th June," Ginny replied."So from the 27th May until three months after the birth as long as you keep your body fit," Robards suggested."Okay, that'll be fine," Harry said."What about missions?" Ginny asked, worried."No missions from now until the baby is 18 months unless Harry is absolutely necessary," Robards replied."Okay," Ginny replied calmer."When will you be telling your colleagues?" Robards asked Harry."Probably as we leave you today," Harry replied."Yeah," Ginny added."Has Ron come back to work yet?" Harry asked Robards."No," he replied. "Anything else?""No," Harry and Ginny replied, getting ready to leave."Okay then bye," Robards said as they left.As Harry and Ginny came into the Auror Offices, Sirius cheekily called out, "Harry, we on your day off do you need to bring your wife for a meeting with the Head Auror?""Well, you see we needed to tell him something and work out what parental leave I'll get," Harry responded."What?" Tonks asked, confused."Oh, you already know Nymphadora," Harry said. "Me and Ginny are expecting in June." Harry and Ginny then left the Auror Offices via floo, while the Aurors that didn't yet know Harry and Ginny's knews sat in shock, Tonks scowled and everyone else laughed.When Ginny arrived at the team training rooms the next day, dressed in Jeans and a red hoodie, questions were obviously asked. Luckily Gwenog stepped in, "let Ginny explain.""The reason why I haven't been at training is because me and Harry are expecting in June so I can't play until after the baby," Ginny explained."When did you find out?" Angelica, one of Ginny's fellow chasers asked."Remember the incident with the bludger a while back, then," Ginny answered."Come on girls, we've got training to do," Gwenog said. "Potter you can watch if you want.""No, it's fine. I've got shopping I need to do anyway."

Life in the young Potterhousehold was as normal as ever. One Monday Harry was about to leave for work, when Ivy and Colin flooed over to Potter Manor. Ivy was clutching that day's addition of the Daily Prophet. She stormed into the kitchen where Harry and Ginny were eating breakfast. "Do you know about this?" She asked, obviously disgusted at it. "Potter watch; Ginny Potter, star Holyhead Harpies chaser pregnant. Is it Auror Harry Potter's child? By Rita Skeeter.""No, but I'll deal with it today," Harry replied almost automatically, grabbing a quill and parchment. "Gin can you talk to Luna about announcing it in the next issue of the quibbler? I'll write a statment for the prophet and Ivy can you deal with the likes of witch weekly?""Okay, Harry," Ivy said before flooing home with Colin."What have you got or the prophet?" Ginny asked."Mr and Mrs Potter would like to announce they are expecting, and would like some privacy at this current time," Harry replied, getting up to leave. "I'm going now, love.""Okay, I'll speak to Luna as soon as possible," replied Ginny.As Harry packed up for lunch the next day, someone he hadn't seen in years marched up to his desk, ignoring Maisie, the office secretary. "I'm about to-," Harry trailed off when he saw who it was. "Cho? What are you doing here?""What is this?" Cho all but screamed, holding up the Daily Prophet and the Quibbler."An announcement saying that me and my wife are expecting," replied Harry camly."You were supposed to marry me! Have children with me! Do the job I told you to! Albus Dumbedore promised me!" Cho screamed, alerting security and the rest of the Aurors still in the office."Now I see why Cedric dumped you, when you don't get your way you have a tantrum," Harry said, still calm as security apprehended Cho."Leave me alone!" Cho screamed, trying to push security off."I will see you in court a week on Monday, Miss Chang. And I expect a lot of people will be viewing your trail to see what the now dead Albus Dumbeldore promised you," Harry said empathising on the 'now dead'. With that Harry followed security and a still screaming Cho out of the Offices, he would have an interesting story to tell his family at dinner tonight, the Weaskey's at the weekend and of course the big DA and Order of the Phoenix dinner on Monday.A/N What do you want next, Jenny Potter, Auror Trainee Grace Jones or Cho's trial? Please say in the reviews. I have a poll on my profile which I would find very helpful if you voted in.
