A Second SortingThis one-shot was written in dedication for one of my dearest friends. Thank you for showing me unwavering friendship. I hope you remember that magic - and Harry Potter - is for everyone.Professor McGongall was particularly exhausted. Despite her best efforts to make the necessary mental preparations for the return of students, she dedicated several hours during her short summers to ask for just a sliver of respite from the Weasley twins.Nevertheless, she had found herself once more disappointed after catching Peeves in Astronomy tower with a new box of tomfoolery, gifted by the latter."Minerva," a voice called from her fireplace, "Do you have your list ready?"Slipping a scroll of parchment to her robe pocket, Minerva stood from her desk and reached for her wand, "Of course, Albus. I'll be there momentarily."The corridors were quiet as she walked, her boot heels tapping against weather stone floors. It was a blissful quiet that she found somehow unnerving and calming. A few moments to herself, without students underfoot touched the frayed nerves of that morning. Each year, her anticipation for new students built through the summer weeks until it came to a boiling point. Her owls between her colleagues grew fewer as they impatiently awaited the reappearance of their duties, and her need to share a few cups of tea with Filius and Pomona grew.It was lonely in her Scotland home. There were no more nephews or nieces who came to visit. They'd gone off to the United States, in search of newer positions within a budding, fresh government, and enrolled their own brood in a different school. There would be no more McGonagalls at Hogwarts.At least not in her lifetime.Perhaps, she thought, it was why she looked forward to these evenings. Her feet tapped away beneath the staff table throughout dinner, her cat-like eyes craning over the ever-growing heads of her students to spot each name on the parchment in her pocket.This year, it was three.It was a point of pride, she thought, that most of them came from Gryffindor.It was where the brave went after all.In the Great Hall, soft candles from above lit the starred heavens as she passed between the tables for Gryffindor and Ravenclaw. She hoped, for a moment, that they would choose to stay.She always hoped they would.But new essays require new parchment at times – a fresh beginning.Upon the scratched and well-worn stool sat her old friend. He had aged throughout her employment at Hogwarts. A few new tears had required swift mending by Madame Pomphrey, a new patch or two had needed to be ordered from the weavers guild at the Ministry of Magic. He twitched in his spot, muttering softly under his breath. Minerva took her seat and drew the slip of parchment from her pocket.Filius had already passed his along to the headmaster, and Albus sorted through the slips. Severus sat down the table, his own brooding, sour face softened in the quiet night light of the Great Hall."Eight in total this year," Albus said with a soft smile, "More than any past year. Thank you, professors, for attending to this so promptly."The professors smiled back at him and watched Filch open the Great Hall doors.They entered quietly with unsure footsteps. Their fingers wrung together as their eyes nervously darted between one another. Anxious faces peered at them through the candlelight as they made their way through the tables to stand in a perfect line before the staff table.Eight brave, cautious faces.Minerva's chest tightened as her eyes blinked rapidly."We welcome you to another year at Hogwarts," Albus began softly, "A new beginning for each of you."A smile cracked across one of their faces, and as though contagious, it spread through the line."At Hogwarts, we believe that all students contribute to the success of their peers, the school, and our staff. Each of you have showed immense bravery and courage. You have exhibited loyalty to yourselves, and a reverence for the knowledge in your self-discovery. You have been cunning in surviving the unfriendly world that we know some of you face each day. As your letters have explained when you made your initial inquiries to your Head of House, you may choose to remain in the House you have called home for your previous years. You may also choose to find a new home."The shortest of the eight stifled a whimper and McGonagall's chest clenched."I believe that new beginnings are sometimes the salve that our bruised hearts may need. We will, as in previous years, begin with the youngest of you. Please step forward and introduce yourselves to our staff."The first was hers."I'm Claire – Claire Roswell," a soft, cracking voice responded."Hello, Miss Roswell," Albus smiled, "Have you decided if you will remain in Gryffindor? Or will you choose to begin anew?"Claire's eyes looked at McGonagall and for a moment, she allowed herself to remember the bright hazel eyes of a first-year boy who had asked to hold her hand when he found himself lost in the corridor at night returning to the library.Now the same hazel eyes peered back at her from beneath a curtain of auburn hair, fringed with mascara.Minerva thought it suited her."If it's all the same, headmaster, I'd like to stay with Professor McGonagall.""We are very pleased to keep you, Miss Roswell," McGonagall replied, her voice trembling.And they descended down the list of students.Three Gryffindors.Two Ravenclaws.Two Hufflepuffs.One Slytherin.A Ravenclaw began anew in Hufflepuff, and McGonagall welcomed a Hufflepuff to Gryffindor. She said goodbye to her middle student and watched him exchange his maroon and gold for bronze and blue with eyes that burned.Finally, her last."Minerva – Minnie – Quinn."McGonagall felt eyes swivel at her."I'd like to stay with McGonagall as well, Professor. She's been like a real mum to me. Helped me order my new uniforms so my own mother wouldn't see," Minnie said quietly, "So I'd like to stay in Gryffindor, if that's alright.""Gryffindor is very pleased to keep you," Minerva answered, her voice cracking.It had begun years ago. A second Sorting held quietly and without spectacle. One for students who needed a new beginning to suit the witch or wizard within. Friends would be hovering in the corridor outside, ready to excitedly exchange new room assignments and gasp over fresh uniforms.McGonagall reminded herself to sit too long over her tea and allow a few extra moments of celebration in the Gryffindor common room.She had it on good authority there would be cake."Welcome back to Hogwarts."In recent months, I felt that I could no longer as HP fanfic writer, remain silent. Harry Potter is a home for many people. It shows us kindness, friendship, and unwavering bravery. Magic belongs to every one, and I hope that each of you can still call Hogwarts home. Be kind to one another.- H. Kestrel
