The blood was already gushing out of James Potter's nose before the girl had even finished screaming. Haunted houses aren't exactly the best place to meet the prettiest girl on earth, let alone scare her into throwing a punch, yet here he was. Three hours into his six hour shift. Excellent.To be fair, James was just trying to do his job. He shouldn't feel guilty for scaring her but the pretty woman was in shock, her hands covering her horrified expression. James was leaning against a cobweb covered wall, trying to stop his bloody nose from ruining the expensive costume he put on every night to scare the masses. The haunted house was themed as a 1920's mental hospital and naturally, he was a zombie doctor on most days. The chainsaw on the floor on his feet was usually aimed at his victims. James wished he could say this was the first time he'd accidentally been punched, but he couldn't.That didn't change the fact that this petite redhead knew how to throw a punch and James hadn't been prepared. She'd entered his section with her eyes alert and face tense, as if she'd been daring the actors to even try and scare her. Normally people who looked like her simply smirked or did partial screams as they ran into the next section.Clearly her stubborn look had been used to mask her absolute terror and fright. She was barely five foot two, which made her assault even more impressive considering James was six feet. The girl had a friend at her side, a pretty blonde wearing a black sweater with stars."Oh!" James' assaulter elbowed her friend, "Look what you made me do!""I can't believe you punched him!" the friend replied, "you know this shit isn't real!""I'm fine," James lied, if only because the girl was pretty hot and he didn't want to scare her away by being a sob baby, "I swear, I'm good!"The blonde sent him a doubtful look, "you're bleeding all over your costume.""It adds to the authenticity." James said.His fellow zombie actor and best friend, Sirius, was grabbing the first aid kit. One of the other actors called out on the radio to halt the groups due to actor injury. The girl, still upset, let her hands fall to reveal a guilty expression. She looked close to tears."I am so sorry," she gushed to James, "I told her not to take me through this house! I've never been good at horror movies! I'm more of a Rom-Com girl!"Her friend, the blonde, looked like she regretted everything too. The girls were given a once over by the manager, who came racing in with little information. When the manager noted the girls were injury free, he turned to find James covered in his own blood. On top of that, the blood was getting all over the floor, which was a biohazard. Over the radio, they called for pause in guests being sent through the haunted house. The manager started pulling everyone involved behind the walls, including the traumatized girl who was trying to look for something in her handbag. James tenderly touched his nose as Sirius raced over with gauze."I don't think it's broken," James sputtered through blood, "just bleeding.""I'm sorry," the girl continued to apologize, "I think my fight or flight response kicked in.""That's a wicked left serve," James said as he accepted the gauze from Sirius and tried shoving it up his nose.The girl pulled a plastic pink wrap from her bag as she replied sheepishly, "I take a boxing class twice a week."James blinked at her through the hazy stage lights mixed with fake fog. She was holding out the plastic wrap to him. Her cheeks were flushed with embarrassment. James looked down to her small hand and tilted his head."What's that?" He asked."A tampon does wonders for a bloody nose." She quipped easily, "better than gauze."James tossed the gauze aside and reached for the plastic wrap. He ripped open the casing as blood continued to leak from his nose and onto his costume. The shaped cotton fit into his left nostril perfectly, stemming the bleeding. The girl leaned closer to him, adjusting the cotton on his nose for him. James was struck by her smile when she offered him a goofy grin as she took the plastic wrap out of his hand."I'd leave that in for at least ten minutes," she warned him as she stood up straight."You seem well practiced in bloody noses," he didn't know why his voice got lower as he talked to the pretty girl dressed in ripped jeans and a black tank top.She laughed and it shocked James to his toes. Her laughter was contagious, making James and her friend break into smiles. The girl placed a hand on her hip and tilted her head at James."In boxing I learned to throw a punch," she said, "but more importantly, I learned how to take a hit."James felt like she'd hit him again, this time with her laughter. He slumped in his chair as Sirius looked between the girl and James noticeably. The girl's companion seemed ready to move on."Ready to finish the house, Lily?"James' assaulter, Lily, turned back to her friend, "I don't think that's a great idea, Marlene.""I'll make sure you don't punch anyone else.""We're done here, Marley." Lily said, "I mean it."The girls seemed to be having silent communication. Lily raised a brow at her friend, who simply rolled her eyes in response. Lily turned back to James, licking her lips worriedly."You sure that you'll be okay?" She asked him, "I just feel so bad, honestly. I can run and get some ice-or a drink-whatever I can do to help.""Unsurprisingly, James gets hit a lot." Sirius placed a hand on James' shoulder as a literal, and figurative, wing man.Lily's red brows shot to her hairline, "a lot?"Sirius spoke up before James could, "yeah, he gets hit on at least three times a night."James wiped Sirius' hand away as his best friend burst into laughter. The girl's mouth flickered up, amused by Sirius' joke. James was too caught up on her reaction to be too embarrassed by Sirius' foul play. Lily turned her playful eyes back on James when she was done with Sirius. Her eyes traveled slowly across his face through the darkness. He wished he could see what color they were but it was too dark."I guess he's pretty cute for a zombie doctor." Lily said.James could not help the red flush that spread across his face. "You should see me in the daytime."Lily twirled her red hair around her finger, "let me guess, the sun comes up and you turn into Prince Charming?"James must've looked a mess, bloody with a tampon shoved up his nose. Despite this, the prettiest girl with a decent punch, was looking him up and down coyly. James stood up and held out his hand to the woman."James Potter." He offered, "zombie doctor by night, pre-vet student by day."Lily grabbed his hand and shook it, "Lily Evans," she said in her musical voice, "Zombie slayer by night, book editor by day."James dropped her hand only to make his fingers ruffle through his already messy black hair, "nice to meet you.""I promise I didn't purposely mean to punch you." She said, "I truly did tell Marlene that I couldn't handle a haunted house."James smiled, "my guess is that you'll be better suited when we turn into Christmas Town starting November 10th."She had a wicked smile when she asked, "are you Santa or an elf, in that production?"James used his fingers to feign antlers, "I work with the reindeer."Lily grabbed her friend's arm as she looked him up and down once more, "Marlene and I will have to come check out the reindeer.""You should." James encouraged, "I hear their zookeeper is quite the looker.""Hm," Lily mused, "remains to be seen."James ruffled his hair again, "Happy Halloween."She giggled before replying, "Happy Halloween!"James waved after the girls as they were escorted out of the haunted house. James knew Lily didn't need to go through anymore scare actors with her wicked punch. Five seconds later, James heard new screams two walls away. The house was back up and running, meaning the break was over. James looked at Sirius with a wide grin. Sirius only rolled his eyes."You look ridiculous with a tampon up your nose.""You're just jealous because for once a girl was looking at me, not you." James shot back.Sirius checked his reflection in a mirror, "that's only because she punched you in your face.""And i'd probably let her do it again, to be honest." James adjusted his bloody white shirt, "I hope she comes back for Christmas Town."Sirius snorted, "mind out of fantasy-land, James, we have to go back on stage and scare people.""And?""And you are far from scary with that stupid smirk on your face."James had a hard time erasing his grin the rest of the night. Even as he was changing out of his bloodied costume into a new one he was smiling like a fool. Every time there was a lull in people walking through his section, his mind drifted back to the girl. It got bad enough that finally, after two hours of suboptimal scaring, his manager sent him home. James hoped that he would see her again for Christmas Town, if only because he really wanted to ask her out on a date. Only time would tell, of course, but he was eager for the opportunity to talk to her again.Hi everyone! This is a three part Holiday themed extravaganza! The next part will be centered around Christmas and the third is New Years!Love you all so freaking much! xxxPetals
