I do not own the characters nor do I own the harry potter franchise I'm doing this for fun and make no profit from this. Rated T just in case The Slytherin Daughter From the Sky Falling... I was surrounded by colors then it was nothing. With a sickening crack, reality snaps back and the pain is real again. Along with the shrieks of fear I hear around me, the smell of copper does not frighten me, I know it is my own but death cannot reach me, for those that have attempted to take my life is futile for I am not allowed to die until they say so.September, 14th, 1995HG POVTwo weeks into the term, dealing with the return of Voldemort and now Delores Umbridge not teaching anyone a single useful thing in DADA. Is causing a great deal of concern between Harry, Ron, and I. The Fact of not learning spells in a school of magic is highly ridiculous, especially in DADA. Walking into the great hall I make a b line to harry and Ron."Hey, Mione hiding away in the library again? surprised you remembered lunch today holed up in your books." Ron said I roll my eyes and glance over to Harry with his distant look in his eyes again."Harry are you okay?" he looks over and gives me a plastered reassuring smile to make an attempt to not cause concern but I know better."Yeah, I'm okay Mione" I go to comment for him to tell me what is truly going on but then the great hall started to darken, or more like the enchanted ceiling started to as a storm seemed to approach and the clouds circled like a hurricane with lighting and thunder hitting so fast to keep track."Look! Something is coming down from the center of the ceiling" said a Ravenclaw and as soon as it was said Crack was the sound as this thing, no girl... hit the ground in the middle of the great hall in front of the professors table the shrieks rang through the hall from students and some staff. Dumbledore is dumbstruck, Umbridge is feverously writing down notes and madame Pomfrey and Professor McGonagall are rushing to the girls' aid. The girl is donning an ombre from snow blue to an electric blue high-low dress that is rhinestone encrusted at the bodice. Her heels are blue with silver snakes and a very notable pool of blood-forming from under her. Dumbledore snapping out of shock, booms over the great hall."Prefects take all the student back to the common rooms and everyone Follow your prefects and stay in your common rooms until said otherwise. dinner will be sent to your common rooms" with that being said he followed madam Pomfrey who is levitating the unconscious girl to the infirmary with Professor McGonagall and Umbridge in tow."Everyone starting with Hufflepuff will file out then Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, and Slytherin. 7th-year prefects lead the way 6th-year flank the middle and 5th-year tail behind everyone" commanded the Ravenclaw head girl Andrea Kegworth. As everyone started to file out, standing behind so no stragglers lost their way. I kick something accidentally, reaching down to pick up the object it's a crown-like headpiece with two snakes joining to both be eating a blue diamond."what are you doing with that?" startled I turn around to be face to face with the Slytherin head boy, Adrian Pucey glowered down at me."I just found this on the ground near my feet, it must be that girls." he eyes the headpiece with interest as I hand it to him, he walks away with it. Left bewildered I turn back to the task at hand making sure all Gryffindor's make it to the common room safely.A bit later in the infirmary...The unknown girl is lying soaked in blood as madame Pomfrey is inspecting the cause of injury. Umbridge is beaming with delight that something bad happened in Dumbledore's care and planning how to use it against him, and there stood a truly perplexed Dumbledore trying to figure out who this person is and why she is here. Why does she don blue but bear snakes on her person? And where did she come from? What's her purpose? What secrets does she hold and can I use them? No one that is attacked as she obviously been doesn't have secrets let alone someone that's been attacked and came out of thin air. Now that was truly something Dumbledore truly was content about and internally smirked but hid it behind a pensive look. McGonagall was the first to break the silence."Poppy will she be alright?" snape gave a look and sneered "alright? How about who is she? She's someone that we know nothing about and that just fell out of the ceiling of the great hall bloodied. I think that is quite a big issue"Dumbledore quite wistfully said "In all due time Severus we will find that all out, but first we make sure of her recovery, so she can answer those things herself" and with his signature twinkle in his eye and yet how a twinkle can be so dark nonetheless. Poppy in the middle of examining the mystery girl she looks up shocked"Albus, this girl she's... she has so many protection spells on her. Against hexes, poison you name it. For that to be even possible she had to have a lot of people putting bits of their magic into the spells and I mean a lot, I've never seen anything like this.""Then how was she harmed if she is so heavily protected" snape interjected."She was attacked with a knife, a completely muggle knife, no poison, no cursed blade, not even goblin made, completely muggle..." poppy said with intrigue and looked back at the unconscious girl "I gave her some blood-replenishing potion and Skele-Gro since she broke her shoulder in the fall. ""What about the stab wound? You didn't give her anything for the wound." snape stated"That's just the thing I was going to apply the potion to the wound I looked back and the wound healed itself" everyone in the room dumbstruck, at a loss for words at this revelation "whatever magic that was used to protect her must have some kind of healing effect somewhere... that's why I find it so strange because I've never seen anything like that ever happen in all my years." and like clockwork, there was a certain blonde at work making his way to the infirmary along with the rest of the board of governors in toe, ready at any chance to make Dumbledore look incompetent to get him sacked. Dramatically opening the doors of the Hospital Ward in walks Lucius Malfoy as smug as ever. "Hello, Headmaster Dumbledore..."
