The Brother of Harry PotterPrologueUnfortunately, despite his hopes, sleep can't last forever; especially when some infernal woman won't stop screaming. Despite being a heavy sleeper, this was how John woke up, to screaming and the strangest feeling of being trapped. Several things became apparent at once; it was dark, the walls were slick and… contracting? But one thing was certain, he needed out. He started pushing, kicking, searching, looking for a way out. There, light! When he finally managed to get his head out and look around, he started screaming bloody murder. Looking around, he saw three people; a rather pretty young woman in a white dress waiving a stick around, a man with an extremely unruly mess of black hair on his head, and perhaps the most disturbing, a beautiful redheaded woman who's legs he was in-between. 'This can't be happening, you don't come out of two separate women, two separate times, especially not when you're sixteen!' 'Look Lily, he's almost out, you're almost done.' 'Look at his eyes James, they're so green!' Said the woman, apparently named Lily. 'Why do those names sound familiar?' When he managed to get all the way out, the woman, who he now realized must be some kind of nurse, relieved him of his umbilical cord and handed him off to the man named James. 'Look at him Lils, he's so beautiful!' 'I'm handsome; thank you very much,' he internally huffed. 'He's perfect, my perfect, beautiful baby boy!' Soon after, the emotional young couple sent for the waiting visitors. A couple of minutes later three young men walked in. The first, a tall, well-built man in a leather jacket with long black hair framing his aristocratic features and stormy grey eyes that promised mischief. The second, a tall, lanky man who looked older than he probably was, but still had kind eyes. The third, a short, relatively squat man with beady eyes. 'Oi! Prongs, I flooed child services, since who in their right mind would leave you responsible for a child!' As the man in leather spoke, the hormonal woman, named Lily, was changing from a dormant volcano to an active one. 'Sirius Black! If you don't stop teasing him this instant, I will make sure that you Never have children! James will be an excellent father, so I will not have you worrying him over nothing! There will be no more funny business tonight or I will have you neutered!' Sufficiently chastised, the man named Sirius said in an apologetic tone, 'Sorry Flower, I was just joking; James will be an amazing father.' 'Nice save there Padfoot,' said the worn looking man. 'I aim to please, my dear Mooney,' said the man apparently also named Padfoot. Mooney chuckled and shaking his head he asked, 'What's his name Prongs?' 'I'm glad someone wants to know what my son's name is, Mooney,' he drawled. 'His name is John.' 'Thank heavens! That would have been annoying trying to learn a new name.' 'John Remus Potter.' 'Potter!'2 Years laterUnfortunately, sleep can't last forever; at least not when someone is shaking you awake. This was how John Potter woke up on his second birthday, July thirty-first, which also happened to be the day his baby brother was born. 'Get up pup, we're going to go see your new brother.' 'Let me sleep, Mooney!' 'You have fifteen minutes to be ready to go or I will sick Sirius on you for a month!' With that, a chuckling Remus headed downstairs and left John racing around his room desperately trying to finish in the allotted time. Many things had happened since John had become a Potter two years ago, due to Remus' lycanthropy, Sirius had been named John's godfather with a promise that Remus would always be there. The most disturbing thing to happen was probably, no definitely, his circumcision. He could never think about that without a sense of horror or an uncomfortable tingling sensation in his nether regions. The most interesting thing to happen was probably the accidental magic. His running theory was that when a baby performed accidental magic, their developing magical core was flaring and responding to the child's desires. He believed that due to his higher mental capacities, he could control his magic much more accurately than any child's mind would allow. Perhaps the most amusing thing to happen was the fact that his family, the rat doesn't count, was under the impression that he was the smartest and most powerful two-year-old ever. It's not like he blamed them. By six months he had gained enough muscle control to start walking. By one he was walking as much as his annoyingly short legs would allow, and was teaching himself to form words. He could now talk in complete sentences, but he made sure to keep them simple. Not to mention the astounding control over his magic. It had taken quite a while to come to terms with his new lot in life, but once he had, he started soaking up as much information as he could. He learned many things during his time in the wizarding world. Like the fact that the war was terrible, despite his parent's best attempts to shield him from it, he couldn't help but learn how truly awful it was. You could practically smell the fear in the air, feel death breathing down your neck, and you were always waiting… waiting to hear which one of your friends was dead, waiting to die. The books didn't do it justice, but can words truly describe the horror that is war? He kept trying to tell himself that it would be over soon, that Harry would end it; but him being here automatically changed things, would it change that too? All in all, he wasn't very comforted. Thankfully, his family could always be counted on to lighten the atmosphere. James and Sirius were responsible for many jokes, practical or otherwise. Lily and Remus were like a rock, a strong unmovable source of comfort and protection from the ever-raging storm outside their window. As he made his way downstairs to Remus, despite his guilt over the thought, he couldn't help but wonder with Harry here, would the war end, would it end the same way, and if it did would it be worth it? 'Congratulations, one minute to spare. Let's go, we wouldn't want to keep them waiting too long now, would we!'()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()He wasn't sure what he would think or feel when he saw young Harry, so John was slightly surprised by the overwhelming feelings of love and protectiveness centered on the small human being. 'He's so small, so perfect, so vulnerable. I don't understand the crazy circumstances that put us in this situation, but I don't care, you are my brother and I will protect you as long as I live!'  'Look at the little Prongselet!' Originally Sirius had tried to give John that nickname, unfortunately for him, he had decided to make a joke about John's circumcision, so at the first opportunity John gave him a sharp tug on his easily attainable long hair. Shortly after that, much to Mooney's chagrin, John was declared much too vicious to be a 'Prongselet'. No, he was definitely a 'Mini Mooney'. 'So, what are you going to name this one James?' 'Guys I would like you to meet Harry James Potter!'November 1st 1981It wasn't worth it, he felt numb, he wanted to cry, he wanted to rage, he wanted to scream, he wanted to bring this stupid house down around his ears, but he couldn't. Harry needed him and Harry came first, no matter what. For almost a year everything had been practically perfect. A loving family, loving godfathers, and even Pettigrew had stopped hanging around as much due to John trying to expose him. But all good things must come to an end. Things started to decline after Remus left for an order mission, then Dumbledore told the Potters about the prophecy, and convinced them to go under the fidelus. At first it had appeared as if Sirius had been made the Secret Keeper, but it had been made painfully obvious who had actually been the keeper when he heard the door blow in. That was the moment he realized that it wasn't worth it, not to him at least. At that moment he had wished more than anything that he had been born earlier, so that he was older, and he could fight to protect his new family instead of having to just watch them die. After Voldemort had killed James and Lily, he killed John as well, at least he tried. You see, despite his fear and sorrow, John had refused to let that monster near his brother! If it was love that saved Harry, then he would put all his love for his new family into his final stand to protect what remained of it. When the green curse struck John on the forehead, instead of ending his newly short life like he expected, it rebounded and struck the furious Tom Riddle leaving John with a curiously shaped lightning bolt scar just below his hairline. The ensuing explosion knocked John into the back of the crib, leaving Harry exposed enough for the shrapnel to carve a small V in his forehead. When John woke up, he found himself in unfamiliar territory. It didn't take him long to figure out someone had placed the last of the Potters with the Dursleys while he slept.()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()7 Years LaterIt had taken the overgrown whale about a week to start handing out punishments for Harry's accidental magic and generally existing. It had taken Dursley about three months to start using his belt. John always bore the brunt of the work and the punishments; he would do anything he could do to make things easier on Harry. John was always stealing little bits of food from the pantry, though not enough for them to realize what he was doing; but just enough to keep them from starving. Throughout the years, when they were hidden away in the cupboard at night, he would tell Harry about their parents and the wonders of magic. How eventually they would both go to Hogwarts and things would start to get better. 'Wake up freaks and make breakfast before Vernon and Dudley wake up,' their obnoxious aunt screeched. 'We're up Aunt Petunia,' John replied in as polite a tone as he could manage. 'Don't know how they're still sleeping after that though,' muttered an eight-year-old Harry. 'It's because they can't hear anything other than the chainsaw up Vernon's nose,' John muttered back. As both boys snickered quietly, their aunt screeched again, 'Get out here!' 'Coming Aunt Petunia,' they said in unison. Today was Dudley's birthday so it was a 'special' day, which really meant that they had to try extra hard to avoid drawing enough attention to themselves to warrant a 'lesson.' Naturally, the Potter luck wouldn't allow for that. Unfortunately, their neighbor, Mrs. Figg, couldn't watch the Potters since she had to unexpectedly bury one of her many cats and none of the other neighbors would risk watching those 'hoodlums'. 'But Mummy! I don't want them to come, they always ruin everything,' Dudley wailed. 'I know my little Duddleykins, but we don't have a choice.' 'So, we'll get you three extra presents at the park,' the large oaf interjected. It seemed to take him a minute to figure out that if he let them come then he would get more presents, but when he did, he quickly wiped away his fake tears and demanded that they be expensive. After about ten minutes of yelling and flying spit, a slightly red Vernon decided that they had been sufficiently threatened, so they packed up and left. They spent most of the day at the amusement park where the brothers weren't allowed to ride anything, lest they cause any freakishness that would kill everyone in the park. Once they were finished at the park, Dudley demanded that they go see a movie at the theater. John and Harry were ecstatic, though they carefully hid it; they had never been allowed to see a movie before. It hadn't seemed nearly long enough, but the movie had been fantastic. What wasn't fantastic was John getting separated from Harry and the Dursleys. By the time he had made his way to where the Dursleys had parked their car, they were gone. He knew that they wouldn't come back for him and Harry wouldn't say anything. John had made sure that Harry knew he could take care of himself, so that Harry wouldn't say anything and get in trouble. So, with no other options, he started walking home. John knew he wouldn't get lost, because he had studied maps of London as many times as he could, should they ever need to make a run for it. He had been walking for two hours when John had to make a decision. He could take the long way and be home in three hours or he could take a shortcut through the woods and be home in one hour. After walking for two hours already, he was leaning heavily towards the one-hour option. The darkness wasn't an issue; he could see well enough due to the full moon and there shouldn't be anything dangerous this close to civilization. What made the decision easier was the fact that the longer he took, the worse the beating would be and the more likely that something would happen to Harry while John couldn't protect him. So, he set off for the dark woods. It was strange; he had been in the woods for about thirty minutes, but hadn't seen a single sign of life. Maybe they were hiding from him? He hadn't gotten much farther when he heard it. A single twig snapping. Maybe it wasn't him the creatures were hiding from. A low growling could be heard, that he almost felt in his chest. It seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at the same time. John was starting to question his decision to cut through the woods. 'Where are you? There! Yellow eyes! Why couldn't the moon shine just a little to the… the Moon! NO, NO, NO, NO, NO! This can't be happening! What do I do, what can I do?' The growling beast let loose a blood curdling howl that spoke of hunger and madness. John slowly bent down to pick up a sharp and sturdy stick. He would never out run it. His only hope, however slim it may be, was to try and make it leave. As he began to rise, weapon in hand, the snarling werewolf leapt for its prey! He quickly placed one end of the stick on the ground to brace it; hopefully, it would impale itself. But when the beast came down, the stick pierced its left shoulder and shattered. The enraged wolf swung at John with a massive paw armed with inch long claws, leaving deep gashes in his arm and spraying blood everywhere. John tried to scramble away as quickly as he could, but he knew that this would be his final resting place. Well, most of him, while the rest of him would probably be scattered all over the forest. With a final bound, the wolf sank its gleaming fangs into his shoulder! Whenever John would think back on this moment, all he would ever remember was pain; the pain and desperately wishing for help. Somehow, that help had arrived, some kind of dimensional gateway had opened allowing an unknown wizard to chase off the raging beast. Due to his injuries, the man took the barely conscious ten-year-old through the gateway, away from the forest, away from his world and his brother, who he could no longer protect.()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_()_() A/n- Thank you for reading! This is my first fanfiction and the first story I have written in years, so reviews are appreciated, especially constructive criticism. If you think I could have done something better than I would love to hear it! Fair warning, I have no intention of updating regularly, I will update when I feel like it, and when I have the time. I'm still not a fan of the name, so ideas are still welcome. Thanks again, I hope you enjoy the story! 
