A/N: Damn it's been so many years since I actually posted here but here we go. This was meant a little fun one-shot, no offense or bad intent. I write because it sooths my soul, I write because I enjoy it and I hope you do too. I'm completely here for feedback but I do not encourage or condone cruel, offensive or just rude comments, let us all learn to be kind and be happy and all enjoy a bit of fun on this site. Stories can be so personal and so choosing to share them with others can be a big thing.On that note, some things to understand with this story. The war happened and is over, mostly it is the same but some characters I have chosen to keep in and alive, they're barely a mention but I can't bring myself to write them as gone.This story switches between the morning and evening, which is separated with the lines for ease of reading and understanding.What happened last night?What happened last night?The wild haired brunette thought as she awoke, groggy and hungover. Like literally let a bus hit me, it might feel better than this, kind of hangover.She remembered entering the ball, celebrating five years since the end of the war. She remembered the cheers and toasts made by officials, her face becoming flushed when she had an honorable mention, she never felt she deserved that. She remembered the pictures being taken, the constant flashes by that Creevey kid, apparently he had a new photography job at the Daily Prophet. She remembered hugging her friends, the very friends she had sworn not to lose touch with, not that she had, but working and living adult lives meant they saw each other less and less. Which is why she and Ron decided not to really make a go of it all those years ago. The thought of being together made her shudder, knowing how great a friendship they had now. She remembered admiring the beauty of the event, how the Great Hall in Hogwarts looked, how everybody looked so dashing, beautiful and well put together for such an event, how glamorous even Luna Lovegood or Hagrid looked. And she certainly remembered the drinks, but that was all she remembered this clearly. So what happened last night?Hermione rubbed her eyes, feeling the crustiness from the previous nights sleep within them, she tried to open them, but she was just too tired, and they were just too sore.Then her mind slipped back to the flashing lights of the previous night, around 11 the lights went down, the music got loud and things began to heat up.She opened her eyes to the bright sunlight bursting through the window, peeping through the curtains. Her head was really pounding.She remembered the music thumping, the drinks getting knocked back, she had allowed herself to let loose and enjoy her time. 1, 2, 3 Firewhiskeys, shots, Butterbeer, muggle alcohol, oh the muggle alcohol! And the music, how she danced, jumped and swayed to it, she really wanted to enjoy the night. When does Hermione Granger ever just get to enjoy the night?She looked around the room, it was dated and dingy and a little dusty. She looked over to the lamp, was that her bra?Her memories flashed back to her pulling the pins out of her immaculate hairstyle, allowing the chocolate curls to cascade down her bare shoulders, shaking her hair out as she danced to the beat. A hand rested on her back and her fiery headed friend shouted over the music."Hey, Me and Harry are heading back, we have to get back for James, I hate to leave him for too long". Ginny had grown a lot since school, now at only 21, she was still as fiery in nature but was much more mature, she was now a mother to 4 months old James, and she hated being away from him. "Did you want a lift back?" They had a carriage awaiting to take them from Hogwarts grounds before they could apparate home."I think I'm gonna stick around a bit longer", she wasn't ready to leave, and the party was just getting started. She kissed her friends on the cheek and promised to visit them the following week.Realising she was completely naked she smiled to herself, enjoying the comfort of the sheets against her soft and silky bare legs, she sat up slowly, her head really was pounding, moving her leg, she felt something, a body next to her - she wasn't alone.The sweat was glistening over her body as she continued to dance to the beat, the majority of the party goers were as drunk as she and all were having a great time. There were many people on the dance floor, some she knew and others were a complete mystery, perhaps tonight she'd find the man of her dreams. She laughed at her own thoughts. Perhaps not.What happened last night? She briefly considered that she may have been a touch too drunk to apparate and so got a room in Hogsmeade for the night, well a little more than slightly. And perhaps she had asked a girlfriend to stay with her, but that wouldn't explain her nakedness, no way would she have stripped bare and gotten into bed with her friends, Hermione was way more private than that. So was this a guy? Again she felt this was unlikely, not unheard-of, of course she is still a woman with needs, and come on, give her a break! She is still only 22, however it was unlikely.A flash from last night brought her back to dancing and drinking and laughing with some friends, a little bit of dirty dancing was always welcome to blow off steam, she threw her arms around Ron as they laughed and danced along with friends, friends from school who they hadn't seen in years and friends they'd made along the way, then the realization of her being this drunk around Ron hit her.Dear lord, please please please say this wasn't Ron. I mean she loved Ron, she really did but not like that, they were great friends, competitive and argumentative and sometimes the absolute opposite but the best of friends, and she really didn't want him reading into this and going back to what should always remain in the past. Should she move? Dare she turn over and see who it was? Perhaps she could slip out without waking them.Ron lifted his arm and motioned to her that he was going for another drink and offered to grab her one too, she shook her head. (She should probably slow down) and continued to dance. Her eyes followed Ron, glazing over the bodies at the bar and saw a man, dressed in black, his steely eyes clocked her own and their gaze held for a second or two, wild thoughts ran through her head momentarily. Her face grew warm, and she looked away at who else was at the bar, the brunette noticed the Weasley twins laughing along with Ron who pointed in her direction, one of them waved at her, and she waved back. She turned away, but not before stealing a glance at the suited man, who raised his glass towards her, she gave a half smile and looked at the floor, turned and started swaying her hips to the music. She was there for what felt like an eternity, feeling the vibrations on her skin, when someone came up behind her and began grinding along, making the young lady jump slightly before falling back into rhythm. An arm snaked around her waist, Hermione noticed the black sleeves on a neatly pressed shirt and the unforgettable emblem upon a silver ring on his finger. Hermione's heart was racing, she was feeling reckless and free and enjoyed the feeling of being wanted, even just for a dance. She reached an arm up behind the persons neck, feeling the soft hair in her hands. Swaying her hips along with the man, her eyes flitted towards the bar and noticed that her red-headed friend was no longer there, but was now talking at a nearby table with Seamus Finnegan and a blonde haired lady she did not recognise. Shivers shot up the girls body as she felt lips touching her neck and her stomach did somersaults. What are you doing Hermione? Have you completely lost your mind? She didn't care, she was loving the feeling and the moment, and so she swiftly turned and brown met gray. They were filled with lust and wanting that both people wanted to give into temptation. The sharp jawed man got close, real close, his cologne was strong and his grip was inviting. Maybe she could just have a taste...Hermione Granger shot, bolt right up in the bed and almost screamed at the memory of the previous night, gathering her erratic thoughts she surely hadn't done it, had she? Oh, please let it be Ron, I mean, Ron would be terrible but surely better than the alternative.Her mind skipped ahead, they were in a carriage, and she finally looked at the man, his arm around her, his lips on her neck, and she closed her eyes and enjoyed the electricity she felt. Closing in on Hogsmeade, they exited the cart, touching, whispering and giggling and before she knew it she was inside the dingy room. She suddenly became nervous and wrapped her arms around her body, the man was strong, she could see by his build, and he was poised, very calm and collective. Hermione bit her lip and watched as his eyes never left hers, he took his jacket off and undid his sleeves, rolling them up to his elbows. That was when Hermione noticed the light outline on his forearm, that skull and snake mark, the mark that brought so many bad memories back to her, it almost shot her back to reality, she looked into his eyes again but his demeanor didn't change. The man clearly wanted this and nothing in the past would change that. He stepped towards her and held her arms to her sides and leaned in so their lips touched, Hermione gasped and sank into the kiss. It was strong and clear to her that he was dominant in every sense of the word.She had stirred the man beside her, but she didn't care. Hermione jumped out of bed and grabbed her dress, she scrambled to pick up her shoes, underwear and bag. Throwing them on as quickly as she could. She sat on the edge of the bed, and was just putting her shoes on when the same pale hand rested on her shoulder."Where are you heading off too in a hurry?" She turned and looked Draco Malfoy in the eye, he ran his hand through his usually pristine hair. She stuttered for a moment but was utterly speechless."If i knew this was all it took to shut up Hermione Granger, i would have done it years ago" he followed with a wink as he got out of bed, completely naked and almost strutted across the room, picked up his trousers and began to put them on. Once again the girl sat there, in complete silence. She gathered the courage from somewhere."Malfoy... I""Draco!" He said cutting her off. He picked up his shirt and put it on, purposely leaving it unbuttoned, so she could see his chiseled physique."What?""We agreed last night, you'd call me Draco""Draco...um...about last night...""Look don't worry about it yeah, it was just sex" His piercing stare never left her own, even now, even when sex wasn't involved he was strong and dominant and powerful. Malfoy could command a room, much more of a man now than he ever was back in school."What?""Sex Granger. You're familiar with sex right? You were last night" He smiled to himself, thinking about the previous night. "What we did was bound to happen eventually and you have to admit it was fun. And before you say anything, it wasn't a big deal. You don't even have to tell anyone about it" She just continued to stare at him as he edged towards her. She was standing at this point, and he grazed his hand down her bare arm lightly. It sent shivers down Hermione's spine, and she gulped, his touch was electrifying, and she enjoyed every second of it. She subconsciously bit her lip whilst staring at him, and he slowly lent in and pressed his own lips to hers. The kiss was soft at first and then with more force, came more passion, his hand on her face, pulling away and running his thumb over her lip. They were pink and swollen and her eyes were filled with wanting for him. He stepped forward and slowly pushed her onto the bed, and she let him, he lifted her arms above her head and ran his hands down the entire length of her body. Before Hermione knew what was happening the touches were gone, and he was standing, buttoning his shirt and putting his tie in his pocket."I have to be somewhere but last night was great, maybe we'll bump into each other again sometime" He smiled and it was different to any smile that she had seen from him. There was no malice, no snarl, no meanness behind the smile. It was genuine, pleasant even."See ya around Hermione" And with that he picked up his bag and left Hermione in an empty room, wanting, no needing more.A/N: Thank you so much for taking the time to read this little one shot, I hope you enjoyed it.Daisy D
