All the characters belong to JK Rowling.OBLIVIATEScorpius MalfoyScorpius was having a breakfast with his parents. His father, at the head of the table, his mother at the end, while he was in the middle. There was not a syllable spoken by any of them, there wasn't a any sound except for the clinking of their cutlery, anyway. This was how it was every Sunday, when his mother would come to drop him back to the Manor after he spent the Saturday with her or rather with his house elf at her place. Not that it was particularly cheery on the other days of the week when it was just him and his father. This was just how the things were at the Malfoy Manor, even when his parents were married, all the meals were silent affairs. His father was always indifferent to his mother and most of the times to him also. He knew his parents were not a love match. His grandfather had drafted a marriage contract with Greengrasses, only days after his father was born. But then so was with most of the aristocrats. His uncle Theodore and aunt Daphne also had a contractual marriage but theirs was happy match, at least compared to his parents. It always bugged him how happy Teddy's parent always were whenever he visited the Nott Manor. They were not overly affectionate but at least they looked warmly at each other unlike his father who rarely even looked at his mother. He sometimes read about his father in the Prophet. It featured about the new initiatives taken by Malfoy Industries or the donations to the St Mungo's, personally made by Draco Malfoy. He had mostly gotten past his image as deatheater with all the donations he made to the ministry and Hogwarts but there were also many who still saw him as a deatheater. So, he knew his father was a busy man. He was rarely present at the Manor, mostly away for the business.He was surprised that since his parents' divorce his father was now more at home. He even occasionally came to his room to talk to him for hours and that was saying something because he hardly recalled seeing his father more than an hour a day. He would give him a smile that was only reserved for him, rise from the breakfast table and floo to the work and that was it. It was enough for Scorpius; he knew his father never smiled at anyone not even at Grandma Cissa when they visited his grandparents at the Malfoy House every first of the month. But now his father voluntarily sought him out, which he had never done when he was married, he smiled more often at him and even once chuckled when he told him the story how the Peacocks had pecked and chased around Teddy when he tried to feed them chocolate frogs. Simply said he loved his father even when he rarely saw him, he knew his father was a good man. Unlike his mother who only talked to him when she felt the need to give him lessons on how to behave like a Malfoy and a pureblood.His thoughts were halted when Tinkle, his father's house elf apparated at end the end of the table."Tinkle is sorry to disturb Master. But a young lady flooed in your sitting room wanting to meet you. Tinkle told the miss that Master cannot meet her when the miss started to scream 'DRACO MALFOY! YOU COME OUT HERE THIS INSTANCE!' Tinkle silenced her and blocked the siting room Master." Tinkle screeched. He was surprised that someone could pass through the floo without given any access. Even the Notts needed the permission to floo in when they visited."Already entertaining the ladies, are we now Draco. I will not be disgraced as such." His mother scowled. The thought left him uneasy and he looked up at his father for confirmation.But his father looked surprised so he must not have known about the intruder. He ignored his ex-wife, like he usually did and turned to Tinkle."Did you not ask her who she was Tinkle.""Tinkle asked the miss but she only screamed and then started crying and then screamed again. Tinkle had to put fingers in his ears."Just as he was about to open his mouth. The dining room doors flew open and the witch in question stormed in. Scorpius recognized her at once. Even with her eyes red and lips thinned in a line, there was hardly anyone in the wizarding world who couldn't recognize Hermione Granger. Honestly speaking Scorpius was awestruck. He had only ever read about the witch in The Prophet or books but he never saw her in person."DRACO LUCIUS MALFOY" She yelled at father, who only looked like he had seen Salazar himself."Hermione." His father whispered. "Wh…what are you doing here." He had never heard his father stammer. His hands were shaking and his usually emotionless face contorted with such emotions, he could hardly name. Scorpius didn't know what was happening. He knew his father and the Golden Trio shared a deep animosity but that was in the past.Ms. Grangers chest only heaved, she swallowed hard, took a deep breath. "I remember." She whispered, lifted her gaze at his father, "Everything."His father nearly toppled down, he grabbed the table, steadied himself and walked towards Ms. Granger. "What do you mean you remember?" He asked, his breath haggard and gazing at her like Scorpius had never seen him looking at anyone with half the emotions, not even at him."The sixth year and the run, everything. Before you obliviated me. I remember it all." She answered. What in Merlin's name was happening? His father had obliviated The Hermione Granger and not been thrown In Azkaban. Only then did he realize that she was wearing a hospital gown."You…you do? You really do? But how? I contacted every mind healer in the world since the war. I travelled to every country, funded them to research but no one got any cure. How?""Well no one had been tortured to death seconds after obliviating them." She shot back."Hermione, trust me. I could have given my life if it meant saving you. But if I had shown any emotions then we both know she could have killed us both. There isn't a single night when I am not haunted by those nightmares." He was practically begging her. Scorpius did not know which day they were talking about but he could guess that it was when the Golden trio was brought to the Malfoy Manor. He did not know any other details, but only few pieces mentioned here and there in the newspapers."I know that. But it has been ten years Draco. It was as if my mind knew that there was something missing. I thought I had tumor. Nobody knew what was happening to me. I thought I was dying. I was in the coma for four days now. And I remembered everything." She burst out crying, her sobs wracking her whole body. Scorpius was shocked when his father gathered her in his arms so tenderly but firm as if he already knew what he was doing."Shh…love. I am here now. We will figure it out. Now that I have you, all will be well." He was stroking her hair with his hand, caressing her back with other. Both of them forgetting the presence of the other two wizard and witch and the house elf."WHAT in Merlin's name is going on here." Ms. Granger was jolted back by his mother's scream. His father did not remove his arms. "Go to your home Astoria, the breakfast is over." He dismissed her."I will not be dismissed when my husband is fondling with other women." She shouted, her fury rising."Ex-husband. Our marriage contract is over. Go now or I will have to ask Tinkle to show you outside." His father had never looked so determined. Scorpius was tempted to ask his mother to go peacefully. He was not sure what his father would do. Just as he was about to speak Ms. Granger collapsed down in Father's hand."Hermione! What happened, love? Tinkle, get the family healer from St. Mungo's." He shouted at the elf but Tinkle looked like wasn't sure that this was master. Who could blame him, when Scorpius had never seen him behave as such?"NOW! Tinkle." He hollered. Tinkle disappeared with a snap of his fingers."What is Hermione Granger doing in the Manor, Draco. And why are you acting as such with her?" His mother it seemed had once again gathered herself to speak."I suggest you leave now Astoria. I don't have any patience to deal with you. Mipsy! Show miss Greengrass out." Mipsy took her hand disappeared with a crack all without his mother noticing.His father had situated Ms. Granger on the nearest couch when Tinkle appeared with the healer at the foot of the couch."Sweet Merlin! Is it Hermione Granger?" It seemed even the healer was boggled by Ms. Grangers presence in Malfoy Manor."Yes, it is Hermione Granger. Now do your work. She fell unconscious few seconds back. She was obliviated but now her memory has returned." He snapped at the healer. The healer, it seemed had only gone further into the shock after hearing this."Obliviated? But how. It is not possible Mr. Malfoy, for the memory to return.""I know that, Healer Matthew. But I am telling you her memory has returned. I think that she flooed here from St. Mungos where she was in coma for four days." He retorted."Then we will have to talk to the healer who was in charge of her, Mr. Malfoy. And since the press did not know about this then it would have been kept hushed up.""Very well." He took up his wand from the holster, "Expecto Patronum." A huge silver otter flew up from his wand. Scorpius eyes widened with awe. He had never seen a patronus before but he had heard that only most powerful wizards and witches could produce the full-fledged corporeal ones and it was known that none of the Deatheaters except for Severus Snape could produce them. "Potter! It's Malfoy. Granger is at the Manor. Floo in here, I will open the wards and bring her healer."Did his father had just invited the Harry Potter at the Manor? Scorpius took the seat at the table. The elf it seemed had cleaned it. He watched his father as he situated the pillow beside Ms. Granger's head. The healer was performing the diagnostic spells when the dinning room floo roared and Harry Potter and Ron Weasley appeared with their wands pointed at his father."What have you done to Hermione, Malfoy? Because if you did, I will hex you to an inch of your life." Mr. Weasley's face nearly resembling to his hair."What is Hermione doing here, Malfoy." Mr. Potter asked, his voice leveled."She came here after she woke in St. Mungos.""Hermione would never set a foot in this house, MALFOY.""Shut up, Weasley." He rolled his eyes turned to Mr. Potter, "You saw my patronus, Potter." He told, as if it explained everything. Mr. Potter looked like he had never seen his father before this."It is not possible." He whispered, perplexed."What is not possible, Harry? What is not possible." Mr. Weasley was clearly as clueless as Scorpius was."Expecto Patronum." His father swiveled his wand and the otter once again burst out, revolving the couch where Ms. Granger laid."That's Hermione's Patronus. How can Malfoy produce one? He is a deatheater." Mr. Weasley was still bewildered."I can give you my memories. There is a pensive in my study. But for now, you must contact Hermione's healer. She fell unconscious again." He ignored Mr. Weasley and continued speaking to Mr. Potter.""Alright. But I want explanation how this happened after she wakes up.""You have my word.""Ron, you go get Healer Stokes. I will stay with Hermione."Mr. Weasley looked warily at Father but still nodded his head and left via floo."Tinkle! Go get chairs for everyone.""Yes, Master. Tinkle will do as Master says." Mr. Potter was noticing Tinkle, quite bewildered."Your house elf is wearing a dress." Mr. Potter noted as he seated in the chair Tinkle had conjured."Astute observation, Potter." His father just rolled his eyes at him continued gazing down at Ms. Granger."I meant, after seeing Dobby I did not except you to have a paid house elf. But then I did not expect to chat with you in your dinning room while my best friend was lying unconscious.""Not every house elf was treated like Dobby. He was my father's house elf. Besides Hermione would have had my head if she knew if was slaving my house elves." Both of them chuckled.Scorpius saw Mr. Potter look at him, noticing him for first time."You have a son, Malfoy." His father looked at him also noticing him for the first time."Oh! Well, this is Scorpius. Scorpius this is Mr. Potter." He introduced them."Hello, Mr. Potter." Mr. Potter just nodded at him."You are married Malfoy.""No, I am not, Potter. I got a divorce. And I know where you are going with this. But it was a marriage contract. Which only could have been broken with the death of either Astoria or mine. There was a loophole though. After producing the heir, the marriage can be terminated after eight years. Which I did." Scorpius was aghast to hear this. He had known that his fathers had gotten married only because of the contract but to hear his father speak of him as if he wasonly an obligation, stunned him.Mr. Potter must have seen his expression. He turned to his father, "Perhaps, we should continue this discussion privately."His fathers frowned then turned toward him, "Scorpius, I apologize for keeping you here. You can go to your room."He got up and went outside of the room. He did not want to hear further. He had always wanted his father and mother to be like Mr. and Mrs. Nott, at the least as his Grandfather Lucius and Grandmother Cissa, his grandfather was not very best of men but he admired his wife, he respected her and he knew that they loved his father very much. His father, on the other hand never stood with his mother except during the balls. Scorpius was aware that his mother was not the cleverest sort of witch, but still she was beautiful and even if she was not very affectionate she was still his mother.

OBLIVIATEDraco MalfoyAs he waited for Weasley to bring the Healer, Draco Malfoy felt his heart thumping like it had never before. During these ten years he would often place his palm on his chest to feel his heart beat, the sound soothed him. There were days when he laid awake at night, sitting on the armchair facing the window, gazing at the night sky with his palm on his chest as he listened to its beat. It always reminded him of Hermione, when they would just lay in the room of requirement, her head on his shoulder, hand on his chest just where his heart pounded from their post coital bliss. Sometimes he used his pensieve to relieve those moments with her. He knew it was damaging to often use a pensieve relive the past but he couldn't help. It always left him with a feeling of contentment but also a deep ache of sorrow. He had given away his heart to that witch, he had loved her so strongly that he let her go to keep her alive.Now as he gazed down at her, Draco Malfoy felt hope. Hope for happiness, hope for a proper family and most of all hope for her love. He felt his eyes sting from tears which threatened to spill, they were tears of joy though. He had almost sobbed like a child when he held his Hermione again but Astoria's shriek had jolted him back. He knew he still loved her, if not more as he did when they were together ten years back. She looked as beautiful as she was before. He frowned when he noticed her hair. It was straighter, without its usual curls. He had always teased her bushy hair but he was also in love with it and she knew that. He loved when he ran his fingers through it when they made love. Perhaps it was good now that whoever she might have been with, never got to enjoy those curls. The thought of her with someone outraged him.The floo roared drawing him out of his thoughts. Weasley and the Healer appeared."Malfoy this is Healer Stokes. Healer Stokes this is Draco Malfoy and Healer Matthew." He was surprised to see that Potter actually had manners."Hello Mr. Malfoy. We were all alarmed when Ms. Granger disappeared from St. Mungos. I see that she is with you." It looked like Healer Stokes was not much impressed with the Golden Girl's stunt."She fainted after a while she got here. I directly called Healer Matthew but he wanted your diagnostics before he gave her any potion as she was in a coma earlier." He informed the Healer."It was a wise decision Healer Matthew. Ms. Granger was indeed in a coma, though we have not the reason yet.""She was obliviated when she was brought to Malfoy Manor. She came here to tell me that she remembered everything." He watched as Potter's eyes widened as he said this."Hermione was obliviated but when? Who did that to her, Malfoy?" Weasley bellowed."That is the story for later Weasley. I have given my word to Potter to show him my memory. Perhaps we should wake Hermione first." He did not have the strength to actually sneer at him, he was too much worried about Hermione to do that."I suspected as much. Ms. Granger has been coming to me for years complaining headache. It was this month that they got more frequent and intense. She is of a very rational mind. It was as if her mind knew that there was a hole in her memories and was fighting to bring them back." Healer Stokes told them as he performed his own diagnostic charms."There is not any reason for Ms. Granger to worry. Her body was fatigued from all the strain that's why she fainted. She would be as good as new when she wakes up. I suggest she takes a proper rest and good food and no work for at least a month. Make sure she stays with someone and not alone.""That's alright. I will make sure she takes proper rest. She will be staying with me." Now that he had gotten her back, he would make damn sure to keep her fit."What do you mean, she will be staying with you, Malfoy? We will be taking her home where she belongs, with us." He could have as well hexed Weaselbee to for even suggesting to separate her from him. But then he thought that Hermione wouldn't be happy when she heard this. She had enough reasons to be displeased as it is.He conjured a vial, extracted all the important memories and stored them in it. He handed the vial to Potter."I have all your answers here and Hermione will be staying with me, that is questionless. Perhaps after you see them, you would be more inclined." His tone was firm and left no room for any question."Mipsy, show Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley to the pensieve." He ordered the elf, turned to Potter and continued, "I am taking Hermione to my wing, Mipsy will show you a way there if needed. If you get all the answers, I suggest that you make your way home. Don't bother with the formalities to say goodbye. Healer Matthews, Healer Stokes thank you for coming here. Tinkle will show you to the floo." He dismissed them and before any of them had a time to retort he gathered his witch in his arms and apparated to his bedroom.He settled her on the left side of his bed, drew the blanket to her chin and charmed the hideous hospital gown to replace with his shirt. She looked like a princess as she settled in the green silk sheets, her hair fanning the pillow. She looked as if she belonged there. Draco realized that she was only women to occupy his bed. When he was married, Astoria had her own chambers where she was quite content. They had a schedule when he went to her chambers to perform what they had to do to produce an heir and then he would leave. The aristocrats in wizarding world had not gotten past the Victorian age of Muggles as Hermione would usually tease him. This was normal for the most the couples who had a contractual marriage and he preferred it this way. He had none whatsoever interest in Astoria, she was a pretentious harpy who loved to be the Malfoy mistress and the grandeur that came along with it. After Scorpius was born there was no reason to share a bed. He was always away on work to expand Malfoy industries and Astoria liked hosting parties and balls and enjoy the freedom.But as he gazed down at Hermione, sleeping on his bed, he didn't think that he could ever imagine for someone to take her place. She had owned his heart since he was sixteen and she still owned it.He took of his shoes and got up to settle beside her on the bed. He could only dream of having her in this room before and now that she really was here, Draco couldn't tell if his heart might burst out. But he also dreaded of the moment she would wake up. He didn't know what she would feel now that her memories have returned. Perhaps, she wanted nothing do with him now, after all he had watched his aunt torture her this very place. But he had no choice, he would've taken her place in a heartbeat if he could but if his aunt had known his affection for her. She would have killed them both. He dozed off with these thoughts.He woke up to his grumbling stomach. It was two in the afternoon, so he had skipped his meal. He got up and called Tinkle to bring them their lunch. He thought he should wake up Hermione, most likely she had skipped her breakfast and had not eaten anything."Hermione, wake up, love. You have to eat." He shook her awake. She blinked her eyes before focusing on him. He watched as her big brown eyes widened and she shot up to sit."What am I doing here. Am I still in the Manor? I am so sorry to barge in here like this. I just remembered every thing and I was angry and sad. I just wanted to see." She rambled on. Her eyes widened further, "Oh my God! What must your wife think of me! I am so sorry; I did not want to cause any problems. I didn't realize that ten years had passed and you would be married." She covered her eyes with her hands."Stop apologizing. And I am not married. You must know that my father had signed a marriage contract since as soon I was born. It was a blood contract and couldn't be broken, until producing an heir, anyway. And I am very happy that you came to me straight away." He reassured her"But if you are divorced what was she doing here? Not that you have to tell me. It isn't any of my business."He took her chin and forced her to look at him, "It is your business, actually. And I will explain you everything but for now you must eat. You have not eaten anything since morning, if I am not wrong. Which, you know I never am." He winked cheekily at her and brought the lunch Tinkle had left on bedside table."Ten years and your ego is still larger than your head, I see." He just smirked."You wouldn't have me any other way. Now eat." He handed her a plate of grilled cheese sandwiches which he had asked Tinkle to make for her, she loved those and judging from her expression her taste hadn't change."Is this your room?" She asked as she looked around."It is.""It is just like I imagined how your room would look like.""Why Ms. Granger! Were you imagining yourself in it?" She just socked him in the stomach, hard enough to make him gasp."Ow! Woman. I thought we'd gotten past the stage where you hit me when I do something you don't like you."She narrowed her eyes at him. "Just for the record we'll never be past that stage."He shook his head, took her empty plate and called Tinkle to take them away.He conjured the potion vials which Healer Stokes had left and handed them to her. "Alright now take these. Bottoms up, Granger."She wrinkled her nose from the taste and her handed her the glass of juice."Now lie back down. You must strain yourself. You are still recovering." He pushed the pillows under her head."Tell me about you. I hardly know anything about you during these ten years except for maybe now you are a richest man in the wizarding world and the new inventions made by Malfoy apothecaries. I was impressed by those you know."He sighed and laid back his head beside her. It felt natural to do so."After the war I was a broken shell. The aurors took me and my family in hours after the battle. We were not given a trial until after six months. I was sure we would be all thrown away in Azkaban anyway. Who would testify on my behalf? The only person who really knew me didn't remember anything. But then Potter and you actually came to testify not just for me but for my family too. I saw you that day for the first time since the battle. You were holding hands with Weasley, looking at him like used to look at me. I was almost sick to see that. Then you started speaking of how I didn't have choice, how I did that all just protect my family. It was good to hear that even if you didn't remember us, you still had faith in me. Me and my mother got off easily with six months of probation but Lucius was sentenced to House arrest with only communication to family for a lifetime. He should have been thrown to Azkaban if you ask me. I was passed the ownerships of all Malfoy Holdings. Years in service of you know who had lost all the faith people had in Malfoys. Nobody wanted to invest in the company. There was a whole lot of corruption. I gave all my time to the company and funding the research to reverse your spell. I had just turned nineteen when Lucius informed of the marriage contract. You must know that I did not know about it till then. I tried to find the loopholes to break it nut it was blood contract broken only with the death of either Astoria or me. I nearly hexed Lucius for this. I banished him from Malfoy Manor and sent him to live at Malfoy House. It is nearly thirty miles from here. I was done with him. I hated Astoria, the moment I met her. She was the opposite of you. She was not you." He met her eyes. She was looking at him with glistening eyes.He continued. "She was a pretentious harpy. She was more interested in the Malfoy wealth than me. And I was okay with that. I married her just after a month. I was too busy with the business to think of her anyway. She took her chambers in the other wing. I was mostly away at the Malfoy Apothecaries which was opened in France. We had a schedule when I would go to her chambers to do what needed to be done to produce an heir.""Lay back and think of England." Her voice stopped him."Pardon""That was what women were told in the past. I can't believe that there are still marriage contracts in the wizarding world. That's barbaric." She looked truly horrified after hearing this."I couldn't do any thing about it. She was pregnant with Scorpius within two months anyway. So, we didn't need to continue the schedule. By the time Malfoy holdings were gaining few investors and I stayed mostly in France. Theo and Daphne also had a contractual marriage a month after this. Scorpius was born just before I turned twenty. As the years passed, I was practically working day and night for the company. More people started investing especially the Malfoy apothecaries were huge success after. I don't remember spending time at Manor except for the Christmas day. I made the company my world. Astoria was happy with hosting all the balls. Scorpius was the only person I truly liked. But I did not exactly spend time with him until he was five. I did not what to do with children. He played with Mipsy and visited Nott Manor to play with Teddy. There was one loophole in the contract that the I could get a divorce eight years after producing the heir. So, I got one when Scorpius turned eight on May 25th, four months back. Astoria didn't have any say in it but she was not particularly happy with my decision, I guess. Divorce are rare in wizarding world, particularly among sacred twenty-eight and she didn't want to leave the grandeur of the manor but I was tired with this arrangement. I started visiting your department more in hopes to see you. You and that baboon Wood had ended things recently. I started donating to your projects in hopes to catch with you for a quick lunch or if you didn't hex me, maybe on a date. I felt happy in years after I got divorced. I thought if you could love me when I was conceited sixteen-year-old prat, you could surely agree on a date with a mature twenty-eight years old adult, now that I was more handsome and promoted werewolves right. A guy could hope." He smiled at her."You still wanted me after all this time." She asked warily."I will always want you, Granger. You don't have any idea how happy I felt when you told me you remembered everything. I was worried when I didn't see you in ministry for four days and then you stormed in my dining room in your glory, I could have as well passed away. I was overwhelmed.""You know, I was surprised to see in my department. But I always felt a connection when I saw you. You supported our so many bills and even funded for the wolfsbane potion, I secretly admired you. I noticed you always stared at me but never came to talk except for work" She was shyly smiling at him."I never gather the courage to ask you out. I was afraid of the rejection, I guess." He raised turned toward her, his head supported by his elbows. "Did you say that you admired me?" He was smiling smugly at her."Wipe that smirk, Malfoy. I was not the one who stalked someone they loved." She retorted."Hmm that's true. But you love me now. Don't you." He nervously asked the last part."I was in love with you when you wiped my memories Draco. I know I made you promise me to do that if I ever get caught. My last memory of you was me closing my eyes and remembering all the moments we shared together and promising to love you no matter what. I know I still love you but I am still overwhelmed. I need some time.""That's alright. That is actually more than alright. It is enough for me, for now. Take all the time, you want. There is something I wanted to tell you though and you have to promise me not to get to angry. There is a small liberty I have taken.""What have done now, Malfoy." She narrowed her eyes at him."The Healer told me that you should not be living alone and taken proper care of, for at least a month. So, I may have told him that you would be living with me." He stated carefully."I more than capable of taking care of myself." She it seems was not particularly happy about it."It is not about your ability to take care of yourself. I want to do that. I had to watch the love of my life getting tortured in my house. Let me take care of you now. Besides, now that I have got you back, I don't want to be separated. Don't you want to spend time with me?""I don't want to impose, Draco. I may have just remembered our time together just now; it is like yesterday in my mind but that was ten years back for you.""Nonsense! Didn't you hear me say that I still love you? And I remember every moment of our time just like it was yesterday. Thinking of those moments have kept me alive for these years. I will be the happiest man in the whole wizarding world if you agree to stay with me.""Okay. I want to stay with you more than anything but shouldn't you ask your ex-wife.""Why should I ask her. She doesn't stay here. She was here this morning to drop back Scorpius. He spends his Saturday at the Greengrass Manor.""Oh! Okay then." She chewed her bottom lip and he had to restrain himself from kissing her. "So, can I meet you son?" She asked nervously."Of course, you can. I will introduce you to him at dinner. Should I ask Tinkle to bring your belongings here. You came in hospital gown here.""Oh God! Your ex-wife must think of me a lunatic, running around in hospital gown. This is so embarrassing."He took her hands covering her face. "Don't be. What she thinks doesn't matter. Personally, I found you quite fetching.""You are biased Mr. Malfoy.""Maybe, I am. Now do you want Tinkle to go and bring your clothes. And before you say anything, all my house elves are free and paid. So, you can stop with your spew nonsense." He smirked at her indignant expression."It is S.P.E.W not spew, Malfoy. And it is not nonsense. You can tell Tinkle to bring my clothes, whatever she feels necessary. Which room is mine?""This room is yours. We are sharing a room and just sleeping in it till you feel comfortable. And I know you don't feel uncomfortable here so don't bother to say it. This non-negotiable. You will love the bathroom. Go check it. I will inform Tinkle. I have to write a letter to my office to inform them that I am taking a holiday. And yes, Granger I am. I deserve a break. I will be in my study."With that he left. He informed Tinkles of the plan and told the other elves that Hermione would be staying with them from here on. He went to his study and sent all the necessary letters.It was almost five now. He could show Hermione the library. He went to his room to find her by the vanity brushing her hair. She had apparently showered and put on a gorgeous blue sundress. He leaned by the door frame and continued watching her. His heart was elated. This was what he was dreaming of. For her to be with him.She finally noticed him at the door. "Enjoying the view, Malfoy.""Very much, Granger." He went and bugged her from behind. Her head just below his chin, a perfect fit. "You look stunning, love." He kissed her hair."Thank you, Mr. Malfoy." She teased him."Although I wonder what happed to your hair. My bushy haired lioness isn't bushy anymore. What did you do to your hair, Granger? I want those beautiful curls back." He was practically pouting now from his loss."I just straitened it. There are muggle salons where you can do that. But don't worry they will back in few weeks. You don't like it this way?""It looks good, I suppose. But I prefer you curls. They are old friend, in the morning particularly." He smirked as he saw her blush."I wanted to show you the library but there is no time for it now. Come we should get going for dinner. It will be served soon."He took her hand stated guiding her towards the dining room."Do you think Scorpius would like me?" She asked tentatively.He frowned. "I am sure he will. He is a well-mannered boy. And even if he doesn't, it won't matter, love. You need not worry." He assured her."He is your son Draco. Of course, I want him to like me. Are you two very close?""Well, not particularly. As I said I spent most of time in France or my office so I was rarely at manor. But I have made an effort to get to know since the divorce. I didn't want him to turn out like me when I was younger.""So, what did he do when he was younger. Astoria doesn't seem like a loving mother. He must have been lonely.""No Astoria was not a loving mother. She did her duty and that was it. I was not much better, now that I think. But I just didn't want to be in the manor with her and that by extension involved Scorpius. I was still healing from the war. The company became my new passion so I spent day and night working. By the end of the day I was so exhausted that sometimes I had the pleasure to go to sleep without any nightmares. Scorpius was mostly brought up by the elves. He has a governess to teach him."They reached the dining room and Scorpius was standing by the door, waiting."Scorpius this Hermione Granger. Hermione this is Scorpius, my son." He introduced them, smiling warmly at his witch who was clearly nervous for apparently no reason."Ms. Granger. It is a pleasure to meet you." He laughed at Hermione's awestruck expression when Scorpius bowed and kissed her hand."It is also nice to meet you, Scorpius. I see you are a perfect gentleman unlike your father.""I assure you, Granger. You will kick my arse and call me a pompous peacock if I behave more like gentleman."

OBLIVIATESCORPIUS MALFOYScorpius did not know if the person standing in front of him laughing and joking was actually his father or if someone had taken Polyjuice to replace him. He had never seen his father act so lighthearted. He had never actually seen him laughing so heartily for that matter.As they entered the dinning room, Scorpius waited for his father to be seated and went to stand by his chair."You are kidding, Malfoy. We are actually going to eat this way. Isn't this a tad more opulent, even for you?" He heard Ms. Granger say.His father just smirked, now that was familiar but his eyes twinkled with something he couldn't name."Why yes Ms. Granger. This is how the royalty eat. Though I would not expect such impeccable manners from peasants like you." His father drawled in his haughty voice and he wouldn't have been surprised if Ms. Granger had hexed him for that. He had read enough about her to know that she did not tolerate anyone insulting her.She hit his stomach playfully."Ow! Desist woman. Stop hitting me, at least not in front of my son. It is mortifying."But she just laughed him off. "I am serious Draco. I am going to need speakers for a conversation, if we are having a dinner here.""I am going to ignore the ludicrous muggle terminology. However, I will bow down to your wishes." He gestured for Twinkle. "Twinkle! Set the table at one side from here on. Ms. Granger's dish to my right and Scorpius' to my left."Twinkle looked surprised to hear this but she obeyed and with a snap of her finger the dishes were set as wished."After you Ms. Granger." He was surprised as his father pulled out her chair and seated her before taking his seat. It was the etiquette for the head of the house to be seated first. He followed suit and he sat down in his chair.His father must have seen his expression. He chuckled. "It is customary in muggles that ladies are seated first by the gentlemen.""I thought I was a peasant and not a lady." She countered. "Thank you, Tinkle.""Thank you, Tinkle." His father thanked him as well. The poor elf was blushing, if an elf could blush, while serving them."So, Scorpius. Your father has told me little about you. But he told me you liked to read. Which is your favorite book?" He was surprised to be spoken to during the meal."The tales of Beedle the Bard is my favorite but I also like Men who like Dragons too much."  He replied slowly."I have read the tales Beedle the Bard too much to consider it reading again. But you know I have the original copy. I will bring it here to show it you, if you would like.""But there is only one original copy in the world. And it is said to be lost." He truly did not know if the witch was jesting."I see you have done your homework. But that's not the whole truth. It was said to be lost until Dumbledore found it. He left it to me in his will.""And why am I only hearing about this, Granger. I was not aware Dumbledore left anything to you in his will. You could have told me." His father was looking inquisitively at Ms. Granger."Scrimgeour came to us with Dumbledore's will just before we went on run." She explained."And you would still not tell me, what in the bloody hell were you doing, running along in the forests with those two imbeciles? I have a right to know Hermione. You got caught, were tortured to an inch of your life by that bitch, while I stood there like a dolt. And not a week passed you raided Gringotts and escaped on dragon. A bloody Dragon! I died a thousand deaths that day." He was nearly panting by the end of his speech."I told you Draco, Dumbledore didn't want us to tell anyone. Only me, Harry and Ron knew. But perhaps I could explain what happened. But this is not the place. This is dinner table, let's have a light conversation" She reached and squeezed his hand."Alright. So, what is a speeker?" His father inquired."It's called a speaker. It is a muggle device which is used to amplify any sound by a person or a computer. I will show it to you when you come to the muggle world with me." Scorpius did not know how this witch was speaking so easily of muggles in the Manor. His grandfather always expressed his disdain about the muggles. His mother and grandmother never spoke of muggles and dismissed any such conversation though not as callous as Grandfather. He had not heard even his father speak of them. His father had never spoken so much with him anyway. Whatever he knew about muggles was from the newspaper which only mentioned the misplaced disdain of muggles by most of the purebloods. Scorpius didn't know what to make of this."What makes you say that I will be coming with you to the muggle world?" His father asked."Well I am staying with you for a month. So, you will have to escort me wherever I wish to go. And I visit muggle London at least once a week." She replied boldly."Your wish is my command, my lady.""You are staying at the Manor for a month?" Scorpius spluttered. He was shocked. He thought that she was just here for dinner."Yes, I invited Ms. Granger to stay here. She was advised by the doctor to not be left alone. You should properly welcome her, Scorpius.""You are most welcome to stay in the Manor, Ms. Granger." He was not sure if he really wanted her here. He was afraid that she would steal his father away from him. Scorpius had thought that his father only ever reserved his smile for him. But since this woman came his father was gazing at her with an expression which Scorpius had hoped to receive from his father."Thank you, Scorpius. You can call me Hermione though. How about you show me you room after dinner. I am afraid your father might bore me soon enough. I may require someone to have an intelligent conversation with."He was surprised by the request but she was smiling so warmly at him that he nodded. "Sure Ms. Granger…Hermione.""Should I be jealous of my own son, Granger?" His father was actually pouting at Hermione."Well! He is more handsome than you." She responded cheekily. Scorpius blushed from the praise."I am wounded Granger. Truly wounded. I forbid you Scorpius to speak with my witch or else I will have to challenge you to a wizarding duel." He giggled at his father's antics. Surprising himself with the sound. But he was incensed at his father to call her his witch."Stop pouting, Malfoy. It doesn't suit you.""I am not pouting. Malfoys do not pout." He said the last part in a nearly perfect imitation of Grandfather. And all of them burst out laughing.They finished their dinner and Scorpius asked Hermione if she would like to see his room now."Sure. Lead the way.""Very well! I will follow you both." His father invited himself.They started walking when abruptly Hermione stopped.He saw his father put his arms around her. "It's okay, love. This is not that part of the Manor. I had the that wing burned entirely after the war." He whispered to her. Scorpius watched enviously as his father kissed her temple fondly."I just realized that I am actually here.""It's alright. Are you not comfortable here? We can shift to the other properties, if you wish.""No, I am well. I am sorry Scorpius. Let's move ahead.""That's alright, Hermione." He reassured her and started moving forward."Are you sure you are alright sweetheart. You don't have to stay here. We can go to the country house." He heard his father whisper from behind."Truly Draco. I am fine.""This is my room, Hermione." Scorpius halted their conversation as he opened the door to his room."You have a beautiful room, Scorpius. Can I visit you here sometimes?""Sure. You can, whenever you want." He truly meant that. He wondered, if he could be friends with her. He only ever had Teddy as his friend and it got very lonely at the Manor. She seemed a lovely person, at least when she was not trying to take his father away."Good night then, Scorpius. Come on, you can see him tomorrow." His father bid him farewell."Goodnight Scorpius." She smiled warmly at him."Good night, Father. Goodnight, Hermione." They nodded and left.He closed the doors to his room as he listened to the fading footsteps and the sound of laughter echoing the hallway.

OBLIVIATEDraco MalfoyAs they strode to his bedroom, Draco wondered if Hermione was truly contented in the manor. He was aware that she was not too keen of extravagant things, which the manor was anything but. She preferred the warmth of a true home rather than the prestige of the garish manor. He had never been particularly fond of the place either, not since the Deatheaters took over it. But he had never taken the effort to search for a new place. Astoria was happy enough with it and even if he had bought a place to call it his home, there was no one he could have shared it with. Now, however, as he looked at Hermione, he felt driven to buy a proper home for them. He was not oblivious to the fact that she was not nearly ready for the kind of relationship where she would completely move in with him, anytime soon. But he was confident enough that he could convince her in a month.He opened the door to his bedroom as they reached there."I will just get ready for bed." She said and blushed. And as she proceeded to the bathroom, Draco prayed that he wouldn't pass out of sheer delight to have her lie with him again.He slipped on a lose tee shirt and pants and went to lie on his side of bed waiting for Hermione to join him.She came out minutes after and Draco drew in a deep breath. She was wearing loosely fitted tee shirt and shorts with her hair down. She reminded him of the time when they would spend the night at room of requirement in sixth year, although by the end it didn't involve much of clothing."You look remarkable." He whispered to her quietly as she settled in beside him. "Although, I am still resolute about your curls. I am counting on the day when they grow back.""You are one to talk, Malfoy. Have you looked at yourself in the mirror for past ten years? You look no less than a pompous aristocrat, with your long hair tied back and not to forget the beard." She retorted."You don't like my hair?" He huffed petulantly."And the beard. You look like your father. I prefer the way looked in the sixth year, your hair short and disheveled." She explained as she ruffled his long hair. Well, come to think of it, he much preferred the way it was in the past. He just kept it the way every Malfoy did as he did other things."Okay! If you promise to bring back that nest of yours, I suppose I could change my look as it was before." He conceded."Deal." She drew up the blankets to her chin and turned towards her side to look at him."What?" He asked as she continued her staring."I just can't figure out how ten years passed and I lived without knowing about us. It just feels like it was yesterday as we snuggled in on that garish sofa, you loved so much in the room of requirement. But now you are all grown up, divorced with a son who looks just like you." She answered truthfully.He tucked in a curl behind her hair and ran his finger along her face. "These years have not been particularly kind to me, Hermione. It nearly tore my insides, to watch you with Weasley right after the war. I wanted to punch him in the face for daring to touch you but all I could do was watch from the sidelines. I paid countless healers to research on memory charms. I wanted you back in my life even if it was selfish knowing that I could only provide you my tarnished reputation while you were a celebrated war hero. Sometimes I felt relieved on your part, that you didn't remember me. I couldn't imagine what you could have gone through when you found about the marriage contract and still remembered me. I was a shell of myself. I don't recall laughing and just being happy before this day. Let's not dwell on the bad times, though. Now I am brimming with joy. It feels like the torture of last few years finally paid off. I am happy now. So much happy, Granger that I have to control myself from weeping like a child in front of you." He took in a breath. "I don't ever want to let you go."She just stared at him and as a tear rolled down her eye, she tugged him to her chest. "Come here." She whispered in his hair. "I am just confused, Draco. I sometimes just want to snog you senseless while on the other hand it feels weird to enter in full relationship when I have not seen you for years. I sometimes forget that these past years didn't happen and then I realize how much you have grown. You are a father now.""You want to kiss me?" He asked, delighted as he listened to her heart beat from where he was settled quite contently on her chest."That's all you gathered?" She huffed."I know, Hermione. But I am tired of thinking what people might say or what I am supposed to do. I just want to do as my heart says for once and right now it wants to do whatever it takes to keep you in my life. Happy and mine.""I am not a possession." He just chuckled. "But give me some time. I am trying to wrap up my head around everything.""Take whatever you want. As long as I am allowed to see you, I will be all right."They laid in silence and he groaned as she ran her fingers through his hair."You don't like I was married before and have a son, do you?" He asked after a while. He knew she cringed whenever he mentioned Astoria."I don't like the thought of you with other women. And she wasn't just any woman, she was your wife. You were with her for ten years, Draco. Longer than when we were together and not to forget that you have a son together. You can't expect me to be exactly comfortable with it. Though I am learning to deal with it."He reluctantly rose from where he was nestled on her chest. He took hold of her chin and turned her face to look at him. "Look at me. You don't have to worry about her. I explained you about this earlier. I don't even recall sharing more than an hour with her, a day. Most of the days, not even that. I was mostly away for work. I had to marry her and that was it. What you and I had was special. Don't taint it by even thinking of comparing it with my sham of a marriage." He needed her to understand that she was the only woman in his life."I know, Draco. Like I said, give me time. And I like Scorpius. He just looks so much like you that I can't help but adore him. He is a mature boy for his age." She smiled as she spoke of him."Don't make me jealous of my own son, Granger." He teased her as he settled back on her chest, hugging her from both the sides."Don't worry, you will always come first to me." She assured him like one does a child. "Now get off my chest. You are growing heavier.""But I was very snug there." He whined as he settled back on his pillow.She rolled her eyes. "Now tell me that you are not going to your office tomorrow. Because I can't stay here by myself." She asked seriously."I am not going anywhere without you. The healer has instructed for you to be kept relaxed. So, we can do whatever you want, as long as it is not strenuous. We couldn't date properly when we were together but now, we can do whatever we like. So, do you want to go somewhere? I am yours to command.""Anything?" She asked uncertainly."Anything. You name it.""Well there is this movie I wanted to watch for quite a while now. I have not been to a cinema hall for a quite a long time. I am sure you will love it. So…""This is the muggle thing you were always rambling on about, isn't it?""Yes. It is very good though. Harry was busy and there was no one to go with me. Can we please go?" She was begging him with her eyes. As if he could say no to her and he really wanted to know what the fuss really was about. If she loved something most other than her books, it was movies. She had sometimes rambled on about when they relaxed in, together in room of requirement. He really wanted to go the muggle world with her."Okay. We can go. But I don't have the appropriate clothes for muggle world. Perhaps, you could show me more around." He asked sheepishly.She launched herself on him, pushing him on his back. "You really want to go?""Yes. I always wanted to go the muggle London after the war. However, I didn't think I could survive on my own.""Great! So, London is very big. I doubt we could go everywhere in a day and you will look like a clown with your robes on. We will go on shopping first and then we can go to the movie at evening. You, Draco Malfoy are simply going to love it." She was practically vibrating with excitement, grinning like a fool. His heart melted seeing her like this."Okay, witch. We are going there tomorrow. Now, you have to sleep. The Healer said not to exhaust yourself." He settled her on his chest and wandlessly turned down the candles."Goodnight, Draco." She muttered."Goodnight, sweetheart." He kissed her hair. "Sleep well." He inhaled in her scent and drifted off.Draco woke up to an owl tapping his window. He was contentedly snuggled in with Hermione with her back to his chest. He groaned as he heard the vexing sound of the owl's persistent tapping. He leaned back to look at the witch who was peacefully sleeping in his arms, she was looking every bit of captivating, just as he remembered her. He kissed her neck and got up, afraid that the noise might disturb her pleasant sleep.He opened his window to take the letter. It was from Potter and he felt the urge to throw a stinging hex at him for disturbing his sleep. He did not remember last time he slept so well since the war. But one look at his witch, huddled deep in his bed he felt the annoyance at the nosey sod drifting off.The letter enquired about Hermione's health and notified him that her leave for a month was approved by the department head. Potter told him that he had indeed seen his memories and while he was satisfied with them, he still had few questions for Hermione. But that they could wait till she completely recovered. He, surprisingly thanked him for calling Dobby to rescue them from Manor.He finished the letter and sent it to his study where he kept all his correspondents. A look at his pocket watch informed him that it was little after seven. He showered leisurely and got dressed. Perhaps he could get Hermione some flowers from the garden.He strolled down to the dining room where Tinkle provided him with tea. He took a quick glance at the Prophet, finished his tea and went to the gardens.It had been a while since he came to this part of the manor. It was beautiful and well-kept by the elves. He plucked a dozen roses, the best blooms for Hermione.He saw Scorpius flying on his toy broom with Theodore Jr. as he was returning to the manor."Good Morning Scorpius. Theodore." He greeted his son and his friend. "I will see you at the breakfast." He gave them a warm smile and apparated to his bedroom.Hermione, it seemed had gotten up and showered. She was dressed in those muggle jeans, which he had come to love during his sixth year. They deliciously hugged her curves."Good Morning, Draco. I didn't find you anywhere as I got up." She greeted him pleasantly but then narrowed her eyes."Good Morning to you as well. I went to get you these." He gave her the red roses."Oh! They are lovely. Thank you." She smelled and placed them in the vase after casting an everlasting charm."I have to get few things from my flat which Tinkle forgot to bring. Want to come with me." She asked."Sure. We could floo together."They flooed to her flat. It wasn't much but it was exactly like he imagined Hermione's place to look like. It was cramped with books and photos of her friends and family dispersed on the wall. There were strange muggle contraptions scattered around."Have a seat. I just have to get my phone and purse." She told him and went inside a room which he assumed was her bedroom. He ignored her request and followed her inside. It was only fair that he got to know her place. He sat on her modest queen-sized bed as she shuffled in her closet. She took out her purse and two strange contraptions."What are those?" He asked quickly intrigued by the strange looking devices.She looked amused by his curiosity. "This is an iPhone and this is a camera. Okay, I can explain it to you." She switched the device and it lit up with a view of Hogwarts. He quickly leaned back and stared distrustfully at the strange muggle device."That's alright. It doesn't blow up. You can just use it call someone just like floo calling them. You can also use it play songs and click pictures.""You can speak with anyone with it?" He asked incredulously."Yes, anyone as long as you have their number it is like a numerical floo address. Here, I will call Harry to show it to you." She tapped few places on the screen and Potter's ugly face appeared grinning like a commoner. His eyes widened as he heard his voice."Hello, Hermione. You got your phone.""Yes, Harry. I was actually showing Draco how to use it. Say Hi. You are on speaker.""This is fun. Hello, Malfoy. Welcome to the magical world of good-for-nothing filthy muggles." The git was laughing at him."Shut up, Potter." He turned to the witch beside him who was stifling her laughter. "You could have at least called someone respectable not the bespectacled git who wouldn't bloody die." He sneered the last part at the phone which displaying the said git."Why, I feel so much loved, Malfoy." He was about to tell him to shove off when Hermione kindly interrupted him."Enough, Harry. He is new to all of this. Don't spoil this for him. Anyway, we are going shopping in muggle London and then we are going to watch Sherlock Holmes.""Sherlock Holmes! We were going to watch it together. Anyway, enjoy yourself. Watch out for the Muggles, ferret." With that he hung up.He sneered at the device, now tainted by Potter's presence."So, this is how you can speak with someone. You can also click photos and videos and play songs." As she explained more about her magical iPhone, Draco found himself more captivated by the device. She showed him how to use it and perform basic operations. She instructed him to smile at the contraption which he did awkwardly and clicked his photo.By the end of her explanation, Draco was completely entranced by the device."I want my own iPhone." That was all he had to say. She laughed at him.She proceeded to explain about the other device. It was apparently called a camera and only used to capture photos and videos but they were of better quality. Simply said Draco was getting his own iPhone and a camera.They went back to the manor for breakfast. As they waited for the elves to serve them, he played with Hermione's phone. He clicked pictures of her randomly. Smiling at elves, talking with Scorpius, glaring at him."Stop it, Draco. You have all the day to play with it. Now eat your breakfast. I want to go as soon as possible."He clicked her photo at the moment with her poker face. When he proceeded to show it to her, she snatched the phone out of his hands."Okay! I am eating. No need to be mean." He narrowed his eyes at her in disapproval for taking her phone back. He was enjoying himself. But then, maybe if he finished fast, they could go get it sooner."Are you going somewhere, Father?" He suddenly remembered that his son has just seen his childish antics and his ear grew hot."Yes, Hermione and I are going to muggle London. We won't be back till evening, I suppose." He answered. Scorpius nodded and went back to his breakfast. He thought he had seen disapproval on his son's face but then thought better of it.He shoved down the last pieces of his bacon."Okay. I am done. Let's go, Granger." He went to stand by the floo waiting for her to join him."Take out your robes first." She asked. He looked bewildered at her. He was very tempted to make a lewd remark, however thought against it imagining his nine-year-old son wouldn't approve"Take out your robes. You won't need them in muggle London. I can transfigure the rest into something more appropriate." She asked again.He obliged and she made few changes here and there."Okay. Now let's get going. We will floo to my flat and take my car from there." She said."No! I mean you wait for me in your flat. I will just be there in a minute. I have to visit Gringotts." He explained"I have the cash on me, Draco. You don't have to worry about it.""I am a gentleman, Granger. Don't fight with me on this one please.""Okay, I will wait for you there. But hurry up." With that she flooed out.He hurried and reached the Gringotts and quickly exchanged the currency. Seeing his demand, the goblin gave him some kind of card and told that it will buy whatever amount he wished for that was in his vault. He was flabbergasted to hear this. Muggles were simply ingenious.He quickly flooed in to her flat and a while after they were driving to London in Hermione's BMW. He was slightly wary of it at first but minutes after getting into it, he was enjoying himself with the air conditioner at full blast and the soothing music playing in the background. He was awestruck with all the tall buildings covered completely with glass. He wanted to get out of the car to look around but Hermione restrained him. "We can come here again some time after when you are wearing normal clothes. Maybe on this Sunday." He wanted to say that he was wearing normal clothes, it was the muggles who were wearing odd clothes. There were few young men wearing ripped muggle jeans. He supposed they didn't have money to buy new ones. When he pointed this out to the muggleborn witch beside him, she laughed at him. Apparently, it was the fashion. Like he said, muggles were odd.She parked in front of a building called Westfield and they walked into there and he just simply stood there watching it. The place was massive, really massive. He was completely enthralled as they walked inside.He was proud that he had left his prejudices about muggles behind him, but even then, he had thought they were behind wizards with no magic to help them. He sympathized with them for it. But a look at this place graciously proved him wrong. He was simply speechless.He dragged Hermione to countless stores. The card provided by the goblin was more than adequate to accommodate his expenses. She purchased many clothing accessories for him and he had to admit that they looked good on him. He looked quite a catch even among the muggles. He had seen the ladies noticing his hair. He was quite smug about it. He tugged her to a lady's store which displayed very fine-looking clothing. She looked simply stunning in the strapless emerald green dress and he refused her to pay for anything. She was not very happy about him but at the end he won clicked many pictures of them as they toured the area.They ate a meal at a restaurant and it was delightful. He went to the bathroom and transfigured the shopping bags to fit into his pocket, much to Hermione's chagrin. They bought him a new iPhone and his witch promised to show it to him after they went home. His impatience swiftly fled away after hearing her calling the manor 'their' home.She went to the salon where she promised that she could fix her hair and, in the meantime, he could purchase whatever he wanted. With a warning to limit his expenses she went inside. A store selling luxury watches caught his attention. He went inside and a young lady there presented him with many selections. They were simply marvelous. He bought one for himself and a one for Hermione. He would gift it to her after they went home, it would show her how much he appreciated having her back with him. He could not gift her with any of jewels back when they dated secretly. His father would have known if he did anything as such. But now he was free to purchase whatever he wanted for his witch. Call him sophisticated but he wanted to woo her properly this time. She of witches deserved that.He had just exited the store when he saw her walking towards him. She looked like she did before with all her curls back in their wild glory. He gathered her in his arms, inhaled her sweet scent and kissed her. He did not mind that they were in public in middle of a shopping mall where muggles could blatantly stare or that she had asked him to give her some time. He was simply overwhelmed with all the time they spent together. He was thrilled when she started to kiss him back and he moaned in her kiss. She pulled back, breathless, their heads touching."I love you." Was all he managed to say."I love you too." His eyes glistened as he heard her whispered reply. He pecked her one last time and leaned back."Come on, Granger. I want to try some of the 'cappuccino' you seem to be so in love with."It was dark outside when they exited the mall. He was exhausted but it failed to lessen his ear-splitting grin he was sporting on his face.They canceled the movie as it was nearly time for dinner and it was too much amusement for a day. Draco didn't mind, he was content with whatever she wanted.Hi! I have started writing this story a while back. I don't know if it is actually good. But I would like to hear your suggestions on it as I don't have a beta reader. Like if Draco's character is being way too corny and not sarcastic enough or if Hermione is not being stubborn as she supposed to be. I am planning to write it from the Malfoy's POV. I know that there isn't a very strong relationship between Draco and Scorpius but he was just out of a very gruesome war when he married. I will definitely bond them all eventually though. But for now I am trying to keep it realistic. Your suggestions are welcome in the review section.

OBLIVIATEScorpius MalfoyAs he sat on his bed, reading the latest Edgar Wronski novel, Scorpius' mind drifted off to his father. He was different these days, and whether the change was for better or for worse, Scorpius couldn't place. He was laughing and smiling as he had never before, his normally cold and determined eyes had a twinkle in them. Since the day Ms. Granger arrived, he had not been to work, something he had never expected from his father.He thought of the night before when Ms. Granger and his father arrived for the dinner. He was wearing muggle clothes and tinkering with what he proudly called was his new iPhone. He even explained to him how the device worked which, he thought, was really quiet an exceptional bit of muggle magic. He was envious of Ms. Granger for making his father this happy. His father looked at her as if she was his whole world, which he had just earned back. He wanted to shout it to him that he shouldn't look at her this way, she was not his mother. However, the perfect pureblood etiquette which Mrs. Annesley, his governess had instilled in him prevented him from doing so.A knock at the door brought him back from his reverie."Enter." He said absentmindedly thinking it was Mipsy, coming to clean his already impeccable room.However, it was Ms. Granger who entered. He was about to scramble off from his bed to greet her properly but she just waved him off and perched on the side of his bed."Sorry, I could not come to see you soon. Draco was called to the work urgently, so I thought I could use my independence to go visit my friends for a while. But, don't tell him that." She winked and grinned cheekily at him. He smiled back."I gathered that Mrs. Annesley left a while back and thought you could use a friend to pass your time. It must get lonely here." She continued."I play with Mipsy sometimes and Teddy visits at the evening." He didn't want her pity and his previous musings had already left him enraged.She must have seen his expression because she smiled knowingly at him and grabbed the nearest pillow and placed it near her legs. "Come lay your head here. I want to tell you something and this usually grabs the interest of my godson, James. He is Harry's son." He looked distrustfully at her but obliged none the less.She ran her fingers through his immaculate hair and he nearly jumped back from the contact. But her tender act soothed him. "I know that I am like an intruder at your home. You had never seen me before that day and now unexpectedly, you are sharing your home with me. I would not have been surprised had you yelled at your father for bringing just anyone at your home. But you are more mature for your age." She paused and continued her ministrations. "I am aware that Draco should have asked about it first or at least explained properly. But your father is a man of his world. He cannot easily express his feelings, much like you I suppose. So, I feel that I should explain it to you.""Do you know what happened when your father was in his sixth year at Hogwarts?" She asked."I read somewhere that he was given the task to kill professor Dumbledore by you know who." He answered her. He was quite eager to hear the story of his father. He had never been told all of it, just pieces he had gathered here and there."Well, that was the motive. At the end of our fifth year, Voldemort had given a task to your grandfather Lucius. He was told to steal something, which was valuable to him from the Department of Mysteries. However, we fought him and few other Deatheaters there, preventing him from completing his task. Members of the Order arrived there and a battle was fought which is now known as battle of Department of Mysteries. Lucius was arrested and thrown into Azkaban. Voldemort was displeased by this and to punish Lucius he gave Draco the dark mark. His task was to kill Albus Dumbledore, the strongest wizard in the wizarding world. He was meant to fail at it. He did not expect a fifteen-year-old boy to kill the wizard, who he himself feared. Voldemort threatened to kill his mother and father if he did not complete the task. He came back to Hogwarts as a changed boy. He stopped laughing and gave all his efforts to repair the vanishing cabinet, which was supposed to create a passage way from Hogwarts. He stopped eating his meals and there were dark circles under his eyes from the lack of sleep. We suspected that he was up to something. We did not trust him at all. But there was one day when I found him in an abandoned bathroom. He had just received a letter from the Dark Lord threatening to kill his mother if he didn't act soon. He was crying when I found him. He was broken from all the stress. He didn't even have the strength to push me away as I sat near him. I told him that I could help him but he just laughed bitterly. I comforted him as he cried out all his stress. We just sat there and after a long time he took a promise from me to not tell anyone what he was going to tell. I agreed and he told me everything. I was shocked after hearing him. He said that he did not expect me to help him but it just felt good to talk to someone. That was when our friendship started. I did not help him in repairing the cabinet but I reminded him to eat and gave some healing potions. We would meet in the room of requirement to complete our essays. We fell in love by Christmas and were in a secret relationship after that. By the end of the term Draco had repaired the cabinet. I told him that I would not be coming back for the seventh year. I gave him a journal which was charmed with mine to communicate. I knew that if I got caught and they found out about Draco and me, both of us would be tortured to death. I made him promise me that he would obliviate me if this happened. You might know what happened at the battle of astronomy tower. Snape killed Dumbledore and all the Deatheaters escaped. I went on the run with Harry and Ron. Draco and I would correspond daily with the help of those journals. Nobody knew what we were doing on the run but me and Harry were named undesirable number one and two. We were finally captured by the snatchers and brought to the manor. It was Easter so your father was at home. I pleaded with him to obliviate me and he reluctantly performed the spell. I was tortured by Bellatrix but we managed to escape. By then I had no memory of your father and me." She took a deep breath and looked at him. He was shocked from all the information. He had never truly realized; how bad the situation truly was for his father."I did not know that it was that bad during the war." He muttered quietly."Oh!" She snorted. "It was worse. Your generation is fortunate that they didn't have to go through what we did. I did not want to burden you with all of this. I just wanted to explain what your father went through. Before he could heal, he was thrown into a marriage and he could not cope with that so he distanced himself from everyone.""Thankyou for coming here. I always wanted to hear what actually happened during the war. The stories in the prophet vary every other day."She ruffled his hair, something he was sure nobody had done before. He quite liked this easygoing behavior, to be treated like a nine-year-old. "Enough about your father. Tell me about you."He told her all about him. How he liked playing wizarding chess and beat Teddy nearly every time at it. He showed her his cockroach frog cards collections. He also had her card which she graciously signed for him. They laughed when he told her the story of how Mipsy charmed Teddy's hair pink when he brought a gnome with him to let loose in the garden in the manor. He understood why his father was always laughing when he was with her. Hermione was the chattiest person he had ever met. She listened to him wisely as he showed her his books. She told him of her stories at the Hogwarts. He had never talked to anyone so freely other than Teddy. He was always reserved with others, part of the etiquettes. But with Hermione, he slowly forgot about them all.They both were startled as they heard a clicking sound. He gasped as he saw his father clicking their photographs in his muggle device. However, what caught his attention was his father's face. He had cut his hair short and completely shaved off his beard. He looked quite stunning and young."Draco! You look amazing." Hermione said as she recovered from her shock.His father walked towards them, kissed her temple and leaned down to kiss his head. He was stunned. He was sure, he had never received more than a pat on his shoulder from him.He sat on the floor, his head resting on Hermione's knees."What are the two most important people in my life doing this day?" He asked."Not much. Just conspiring about few things." Hermione said nonchalantly."Conspiring! Should I be worried?""You can if you want." She said. "You got a haircut.""Well, my witch preferred it this way. Didn't she?""You look amazing.""We Malfoy men always look immaculate. Don't we Scorp?" His father had started to call him by the nickname since his divorce every now and then. He most certainly liked when he called him that."Yes, father." He was not very outspoken with his father. He had barely seen him more than an hour a day since his birth, so he was a bit reserved but he loved him."Did you have lunch in your office?" Hermione asked him as she ran her fingers through his hair as she had previously done with Scorpius."No. I did not have the time for it. I just had to throw my weight a bit so now I don't have to go there for at least a week. I am all yours, now."He cringed as Hermione hit his head. "It's almost five now, Draco. You just had a toast for breakfast. You have to eat, you know." Scorpius was proud that he was not on the receiving end of her tirade. His father, it seemed was quite used to it."I didn't want to eat alone in the office." He kissed the offending hand that had just swatted him in an apology. "Did I show you the photo I clicked?" His father said, probably in an attempt to divert her attention. He opened his iPhone and Scorpius leaned towards him to see. It lit up with his father's and Hermione's photo, maybe clicked when they went to muggle London. They had arms around each other and grinning ear to ear at the camera. His father tapped few icons on the screen and the photo he had clicked of Hermione and him displayed on it. They were grinning at each other in it, probably from some joke Scorpius had shared with her."Isn't it good? See, I told you that I will master this device in a day." His father smirked at her."It is a good photo. You could send it to me, later. But now, I will ask Tinkle to prepare for early dinner. Maybe, today she will allow me to help her. You two enjoy till I call you downstairs." With that she stood to leave."Try not to terrorize my house elves, Granger." His father called after her as she left."So, knowing Hermione, she has told you about us." His father said as he got up from the floor and took a seat on the nearest chair. "I hope you are okay with that. I realize that I have not been very attentive towards you as should have been. For that, I apologize."He was dumbfounded, hearing this. He had never seen his father apologize to anyone except for Hermione perhaps but she was the exception to nearly everything."Hermione explained to me what happened during the war. She told me a bit about both of you. But that was ten years back." He did not know how to say what he was truly feeling. He managed some of it, though it might not have been worded properly. "You were married to mother after that. And Ms. Granger is only here for a month."His father frowned, looking at him curiously. "Hermione will not be going anywhere. She has returned back to me, where she rightfully belongs, after ten years." He said defiantly, daring anyone to contradict him. His expression softened as he looked at Scorpius again. "I understand that it is hard for you to accept her. You have just met her, after all. However, I hope that you will soon see her as a friend. Hermione already is quite fond of you. You were conversing quite amiably before I arrived. I see that you have shown her your Chocolate Frog Card Collection.""She signed her card for me." He told him sheepishly.His father chuckled. "Well, she is Hermione Granger. Of course, she has her own card. Do you have an extra one of her?"He took one of the cards, which was unsigned and gave it to his father."Can I keep it?" His father asked him as he read it."Sure, I have three of them.""I was thinking of moving into the Malfoy country house. The manor is too much tainted by the war. I looked through it today and asked Tinkle to have it ready to accommodate us with some renovations. I have not told Hermione, yet. I will inform her after dinner. It is comfortable house for a family. Not as large as the manor but it is charming and just outside London. It will be ready by next Sunday. I am hoping we would move in there straightaway." He looked at Scorpius for a confirmation."That would be lovely, Father." It was anything but. He did not want to leave the manor. It was his home. But he conceded."Hermione is a very lovely witch, Scorp. She took me in when everyone else, I called friends weren't bothered to even look at me. She not only forgave me for my past transgressions but taught me to love. Try to get to know her. I am sure you will like her, maybe just as much as I do, someday." He inhaled deeply and continued. "I am hoping to marry her soon, if she approves, that is."Scorpius didn't know what too say. Marry her! So soon, just after his parents separated. What would happen of his mother? He was sure his grandfather wouldn't approve. But mostly, what of him?"I already have a mother." Scorpius stated defiantly.He saw Draco Malfoy's face tightened. "I know you do, Scorpius. You must understand that we had a marriage contract which I ended almost a year back. I did not have a choice but to marry her." He scowled as he continued. "I did not like her. I barely tolerated her.""My affections for you will not be changed, if you are concerned about that. You will remain my son. However, I am hoping to have true relationship with you, perhaps spending more time with my son. Your mother, though will have no part in my life. You may continue to visit her on the Saturdays. I have asked Mipsy to take you there henceforth, rather than you mother flooing in.""Uncle Theo and Aunt Daphne also had a marriage contract but they are happy. Why can't you and mother be happy? Perhaps you could try again." He spluttered, breathing heavily."Because when I married you mother, I was already deep in love with Hermione. Whom I worshipped and loved." His father sneered at him. His eyes flashing with agitation. "I do not care if you accept her or not. I have done far too much for this family, for that." He snapped but then controlled his rage. "Nonetheless, I will be very happy if you and Hermione would learn to love each other. I am sure Hermione will. I have this request for you.""Grandfather will not approve of it." Scorpius immediately regretted his words, said so defiantly. He did not know why he was being difficult. He liked Hermione, he truly did. She was too lovely, not to. She had listened to him like a friend and stroked his hair, like he wished his mother would do. But she was not his mother. He did not want his father to just forget about him.Draco Malfoy sprang up from his chair. His eyes darkening with rage and frustration, his lips thinned. "I have no care for your Grandfather. If he as much as breathes a word against Hermione, his vaults will be cut down. I am the head of the house now." Scorpius eyes widened in trepidation. He had only ever seen his father indifferent or smiling warmly at him but never like this.The sound of the sitting door opening halted his father and Scorpius was never more thankful for an interruption."Draco, the dinner is prepared. The elves even allowed me to cook pasta." Hermione said as she crossed the threshold. He watched as his father's eyes immediately softened, his shoulders relaxed."The elves allowed you to cook?" His father asked her, his brows arched.She pursed her lips. "Well, I may have bribed Tinkle with a promise to allow her to clean my flat." His father chuckled fondly at her. "But I got to cook for you and Scorpius, didn't I." She snapped back at him."You cooked for me?""Of course. I made a penne pasta with vodka sauce and parmesan cheese. I am sure you will love it." She said enthusiastically."I am sure I will, love. Allow me to freshen up quickly and I will join you for dinner. Why don't you wait fore me at the dinner table? You can simply apparate there, I have keyed you to the wards.""Okay. Come back, soon. I will see you at dinner table Scorpius." She smiled warmly at him and apparated.He turned to his father who was watching him with narrowed eyes. "I do not wish to fight with you. You have made your opinion quite clear. I only wish that it will change with time. But I will not tolerate you behaving unbecomingly with Hermione. She has been nothing but kind to you. I will see you at dinner." With that he apparated out.He regretted, how the conversation went with his father. He was enjoying his afternoon with Hermione. She had been kind and affectionate toward him, while his mother only talked to him if she felt the necessity. He could see why his father liked her. But that did not mean that she could replace his mother. He was envious of her, of how protective his father was toward her.Perhaps, he could talk to his father after he calmed down. Scorpius could make him understand of his objections.Hope, you liked the chapter. 
