Number twelve Grimmauld Place, a house hidden away by the untrained eye- unmagical eye. A home to a branch of one of the Sacred Twenty-eight wizarding families, the Blacks. Here Walburga and Orion Black raised their three children. Wisteria and Sirius, who both are getting ready for their first year at Hogwarts- the finest wizarding academy. And of course Regulus, who has a year left before he joins his older brother and sister. All three of them were extremely close. No one understood each other more than these three siblings understood one another. Sirius knew that his brother Regulus often needed their bedroom door opened a bit to sleep at night. He also knew that Wisteria, even if she told their parents she didn't, she needed to sleep with the blanket she's had since she was little. Wisteria knew that Sirius felt like he needed to protect Regulus and herself because he was the "older" brother. Wisteria also knew that Regulus's favorite memory was when they played Wizard's Chest in rounds during a family reunion, because it was the first time he was happy during one of them. Regulus knew Sirius slept on the bottom bunk because the top bunk was the hardest one for their parents to reach. Regulus also knew Wisteria was terrified of going to Hogwarts because of the sorting ceremony.Yet in this house Wisteria felt more scared then she had the night before as her mother fixed her and Sirius's hair before they left for Kings Cross station to board the Hogwarts Express. She kept her hands clutched in her lap as Walburga pulled on her hair putting it up into a tight bun. Walburga finished with Wisteria's hair and as she started to brush out Sirius's hair lecturing them just as she had for the past week."You both are members of The Black family- the noblest of the pureblood families." Walburga said, causing Wisteria to tense and look over at Sirius noticing the frown on his face. "Anything you two do will reflect me and your father. That means you must be on your best behavior and you both must hope to get into Slytherin. Is that clear?""Yes mother." Wisteria and Sirius replied as Walburga finished brushing out Sirius's hair and moved to pull it back and out of his face, causing Sirius to frown even more."Now go wait by the door as your father and I finish getting ready, do not mess with your hair." Walburga said as she turned her attention to herself.Wisteria and Sirius quickly moved to wait by the front door not speaking. Speaking was too risky today, at least speaking in front of their parents. Regulus was sitting in a chair by the door reading the Tales of the Beedle and the Bard, he looked up at Sirius and Wisteria giving them a kind smile. Wisteria smiled back just as the family house elf, Kretcher walked to the door two trunks floating behind him. Kretcher then looked at Wisteria and Sirius and gave them a little bow."Here are your trunks Mister Sirius and Mistress Wisteria. They are all packed and ready for your departure to Hogwarts." Kretcher said and Wisteria smiled picking up her trunk."Thank you Kretcher, you should make sure mother and father don't have anything else they need you to do while they take us to Kings Cross." She said not noticing that Kretcher was in a better mood as he left to go see what Walburga would need him to do. As soon as Sirius picked his trunk their father walked up to them. He looked at Wisteria and Sirius up and down making Wisteria have to concentrate on not shaking, he nodded and left them to see if Walburga was ready to leave. Wisteria let out a shaky breath and Sirius nudged her with his elbow. When she looked over he gave her an encouraging smile that caused Wisteria to smile.It didn't take long before Wisteria and Sirius both stood up straight and Walburga and Orion walked back down. Orion looked over at Regulus who had also stood up and he frowned. "Regulus, you are to stay here under Kretcher's watch as your mother and I take your siblings to Kings Cross."Regulus looked shocked as he continued to stand. "I thought we all were going to see them off to Hogwarts.""That was the plan at first but we decided that it would be more efficient and safe if you stayed here with Kretcher as we take them." Walburga answered as she placed her hand onto Wistria's shoulder. "We will not debate this, Regulus. Wisteria hold onto me tight, Sirius do the same with your father."Sirius and Wisteria both muttered a 'yes mother' and closed their eyes looking away, not able to look at Regulus before aperating away. When Wisteria opened her eyes after closing them before they had appareted away she noticed they were in a dark looking hallway- but before she could get her full barings her mother quickly dragged her to catch up with her father and brother as they merged into the crowd. They didn't speak as Orion and Walburga pulled Wisteria and Sirius through the crowd and through the gate to platform 9¾. Wisteria looked around as Walburga let go of her arm and she was able to get a sense of her surroundings.As Wisteria looked around she started to relax and feel truly at home. She saw the other Wizarding families drop off their kids for the express and even saw her cousins, Andromeda and Narcissa. She felt someone bump her shoulder and looked over to see Sirius with a cheeky grin on his face. He was about to speak when Orion made the both of them look at him."Look at me. You both are members of the House of Black. It is imperative that you live up to every expectation that honor brings." Orion said in such a tone that would have caused Wisteria to shake in fear if she wasn't focused on the express behind her father to stay calm. "That includes getting into Slytherin and most importantly not interacting with mudbloods and blood traitors. Understand?"Sirius and Wisteria nodded but both were unable to speak, that was until Orion's grip tightened and Sirius spoke for the both of them."We understand Father." Sirius said and Orion let go of both of them. Walburga then walked the two of them to the express to see them get on. She straightened Sirius's collar and dusted off Wisteria's shoulders before she motioned for them to get on. Sirius quickly went into the train pulling Wisteria up the stairs with him. She held onto her trunk tightly and when the conductor asked for their trunks she reluctantly handed it to him. Sirius with a smile then dragged Wisteria through the train to find an empty car to sit in.Wisteria was finally able to relax as Sirius joked around and they entered what they assumed was an empty car. Sirius sat down and Wisteria followed him in noticing the boy with straight raven hair and his head in a book that Wisteria didn't recognize. She sat down next to the boy and tapped him on the shoulder. The boy jumped up and Sirius let out a chuckle and the boy's reaction."Hi, sorry to startle you. I'm Wisteria and this is my brother Sirius. Do you mind if we sit in here with you?" Wisteria asked, giving the boy a small smile. He wore some slightly oversized clothing and he looked directly at Wisteria with a calculating expression."Not at all, you seem nice. Mind if you move over a bit?" The boy said and Wisteria moved over. The boy sat up a bit more than held his hand out to Sirius. "I'm Severus, Severus Snape.""Well Wisi over here told you already I'm Sirius, last name Black." Sirius said and gave Severus a smile. "Snape is a weird last name, are you from a wizarding family?"Severus got stiff at Sirius's question and as he was about to answer a boy with crazy curly messy black hair and glasses popped into the car."Hi, uh, all the car's are full. Do you mind if I sit here with you guys? James Potter by the way." James said, rubbing the back of his neck, smiling a bit."I don't mind, what about you two?" Sirius asked, looking at Wisteria and Severus with a smile."I don't mind," Wisteria said and gave James a smile."I don't mind either." Severus said and James then sat down next to Sirius."So what's everyone's name?" James asked, adjusting his glasses and Wisteria chuckled a bit at how livly this boy was. Reminded her of another Sirius."Oh, well I'm Sirius Black," Sirius said pointing to himself then pointed to Wisteria who chuckled. "And this is my sister Wisteria Black.""And this is Severus Snape." Wisteria finished and Severus just nodded in response staying quiet."Nice to meet all of you," James said and his smile got big as he looked like he just remembered something. "So what Hogwarts house are you guys looking forward to getting into? Personally I'm hoping to get into the best house at Hogwarts.""Yeah," Sirius said with a smirk looking at James. "Which house is that?""Why Gryffindor of course!" James said enthusiastically and Wisteria heard Severus scoff causing her to look his way. "Well, which house do you think is the best Severus.""Clearly the best house is Slytherin." He said simply not looking up from his book- which Wisteria noticed had the title of Fantastic Mr. Fox. "Sytherin is the house of natural leaders.""Slytherin!" James yelled in an offensive tone. "Slytherin is the house of evil people. All the wizard blood purists come out of Slytherin.""That's kinda true-" Wisteria started to say but Severus closed his book and looked directly at James."Not everyone who is in Slytherin is a blood purist." Severus said in a defensive tone. "My mother was a Slytherin and she married a muggle man.""Yeah," Wisteria said and looked at James. "Plus our cousin Andromeda Black is in Slytherin and is dating Edward Tonks. He's a muggle born.""Right," James said, rolling his eyes. "Just because a few people from Slytherin don't follow the blood purity ideology that Salzar Slytherin started, doesn't mean it isn't full of individuals like that."Everyone was quiet after that, Sirius did his best to diffuse the tension as they continued their journey to Hogwarts. Severus stayed in his book as James and Sirius disgusted Quidditch and how they hoped to get on their houses team their second year. Wisteria stayed in the background wanting to ask Severus about his book- but also not wanting to bother him. It was quite awkward for her but she wondered how awkward it was for everyone else. She leaned back against her seat and closed her eyes before a boy with sandy blond hair to pop into the car and startle her. He had a scar across his nose and one that went down his jaw. He looked anxious like he almost regretted popping in."Um, has anyone seen a spotted rat? A boy by the name of Peter Pettegrew lost sight of him." The boy said and Wisteria shook her head."No, sorry mate- hey what's your name?" Sirius asked and the boy looked surprised."Oh, uh, my name's Remus Lupin." He answered and messed with his collar. "You guys should probably get into your school robes- I heard we'll be arriving any minute. I need to look for that rat."And with the final statement he left quickly and Wisteria then stood up and went to leave the car to change into her robes before they got to Hogwarts. When she left she was met with her cousin Narcissia who just smiled at her kindly."In a car full of boys?" Narcissia asked and Wisteria nodded. "Come on, you can change in the car me and Andromeda are in."Wisteria smiled as she followed her older cousin to her car and noticed Andromeda was messing with a ring on her finger. Andromeda smiled when she saw Wisteria and Wisteria felt safe. She quickly changed and decided to stay with her older cousins- they both took interest in her and how she and her brothers were doing. Wisteria gladly answered their questions until it came to the house she hoped to get into. She said Slytherin but what James said stayed in the back of her mind. Was he right about Slytherin?She didn't have time to wonder and think about it for long, because Andromeda and Narcissa stood up as the train came to a stop. They told her to find a really tall man with a beard named Hagrid once she got off the train. Doing just as her cousins told her, catching up with Sirius, James, and Severus. She noticed the boy named Remus also was over by them and another boy holding a spotted rat. That must be Peter, she thought to herself and Sirius nudged her shoulder smiling before they were led off to finally be in Hogwarts.Sirius and James were joking with each other as they got into the boats Hagrid led them too. Wisteria sat down and noticed Severus was looking over at a redheaded girl with green eyes who was smiling talking with a girl with blond hair in the boat she was in. Who is she? Wisteria thought and suddenly the boats started moving.Wisteria felt a pit suddenly grow in her stomach and she looked over at Sirius who had stopped joking with James and was really pale. She started to mess with her sleeve focusing on the lanterns that lit up the fleet of boats that were carrying them to Hogwarts. Everything was going to be fine. Nothing bad was going to happen. She had no reason to worry. She told herself over and over like a broken record till she felt calm again.Then the boats stopped moving and everyone filled out of the boats following Hagrid into the castle. He led them all the way to the corridor before the great hall where a woman wearing green robes, cat eye spectacles, and a witches hat was waiting for them. She had a stirn expression like her mother always had- but Wisteria didn't feel unsafe like she did when her mother gave her that look. Instead she felt safe and at home looking at the woman."Attention!" The woman said to all the first year students, and suddenly Wisteria noticed how loud they were. "I am Professor McGonagall, I will be leading you all into the great all. I want four nice rows as I lead you out. Once we are in the hall I will call your name and you walk up and sit on the stool that is placed out. I will then place the sorting hat on your head and you will be sorted into one of the four houses." She then gave them all a smile before continuing. "Which I'm sure you know are Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Follow me."Wisteria felt excitement raise inside her as she followed Professor McGonagall into the great hall. She immediately noticed the roof that looked like it was night sky and the floating candles that lit up the entire room. She noticed the stool at the very front of the hall and the table filled with the Professors behind it. She smiled excited for the sorting ceremony for the first time. She looked around after they stopped walking and saw Andromeda and Narcissia looking at her and Sirius. Wondering which house we're going to get most likely. Wisteria thought as Professor McGonagall then called out the first name.She looked over at Sirius when she realized it was being done alphabetically. Sirius had a worried expression on his face but continued to watch people be sorted. Wisteria messed with the sleeves of her jacket as she looked away from Sirius and focused on the names being called. She stood up straighter when she heard McGonagall call out her brother's name.She watched as Sirius walked up and sat down on the stool. She held her breath and watched as Sirius had his eyes closed listening to the hat. She took in a deep breath but it was knocked out of her when she heard what house Sirius had been sorted into."GRYFFINDOR!" The hat called out and like the other students before the Gryffindor table cheered for Sirius as he ran to sit down.Wisteria didn't have time to really process what she heard when McGonagall called out her name. She kept her hands at her side as the hat was put onto her head. She closed her eyes as the hat spoke to her.I see, the hat said to her as she focused on Slytherin. Lot's of loyalty, a thirst to prove yourself. Oh but you want to be put into Slytherin- yes Slytherin will do you well. Build your ambition and fill your resourcefulness. Yes better be. . . "SLYTHERIN!"She smiled in a relieved rather than happy way and ran over to the Slytherin table sitting down next to her cousin Narcissia and watched as the other first years were sorted. She watched and smiled when Severus was sorted into Slytherin. He walked over and sat down next to Wisteria and gave her a nod as they both watched the other students get sorted.James was sorted into Gryffindor and quickly made his way to the Gryffindor table taking his seat next to Sirius. Wisteria noticed how much interest Severus took in the redheaded girl from earlier as she was sorted. She was sorted into Gryffindor and Severus looked disappointed but not surprised. He shook his head but before Wisteria could ask him why he was upset a man who she recognized as Albus Dumbledore stood behind a podium and addressed the students in the hall. She listened intently as he went over the rules and made some announcements about the school year. She didn't really pay attention and focused more on her brother as he sat next to James. She made a note that he looked happy and almost excited and then focused back on Headmaster Dumbledore just as he started the feast.Once the feast began Wisteria asked Andromeda and Narcissia about Hogwarts, their house and anything else she wondered about. She almost asked Severus about himself but he seemed like he didn't want to talk to anyone. Narcissia gladly answered her questions and also helped Wisteria relax about Sirius. Andromeda even went far enough to tell her to not think about what Wisteria's parents told her and Sirius. It wasn't important anyway.As she ate her nerves calmed down and she relaxed, before she knew it the feast was over and it was time for everyone to go to their common rooms. Andromeda stood up and told Wisteria not to worry as she moved quickly to meet up with a Hufflepuff boy looking over at her. Wisteria smiled and Narcissia then got the first year Slytherins attention leading them to the Slytherin common room. Wisteria walked by Severus as Narcissia and the other Prefect with her gave them a quick house history and explained the common room password. She suddenly shivered as they got down into the dungeons and frowned as she started to feel a nagging sense of unease. Wisteria stopped walking as Narcissia came to a fake archway with a coiled snake at the top of it. She watched as Narcissia stood in front of the archway and said the password."Purity."Wisteria watched as the Snake uncoiled and the bricks twisted to reveal a set of stairs going down further into the dungeon. Narcissia gave them a kind smile and led them down the stairs till they were met with a dimly lit room that reminded her of Grimmauld Place's living room. Except this room was decorated with emerald green couches, chairs, rugs, and lamps. She felt like she would soon see her mother come round the corner to yell at her and Sirius for being too loud. She continued to think back to her home as Narcissia and the other prefect explained where the dormitories were located."Boy's dormitories are down to the left, girl's are down to the right." Narcissia said simply and then she seemed to look directly at Wisteria. "I am one of your prefects, you can come to any of us if you need any help. Andromeda Black and Lucius Malfoy are your head girl and boy, you may also go to them if you need anything." She then smiled at them all. "Welcome to Slytherin."Wisteria then made her way with the other first year girls to their dorm. She doesn't dare speak to any of them as she started to think about Sirius once again. She got out of her school robes quickly and quietly, getting ready to lay down in her bed. When she opened her trunk to fetch her PJs, she saw that Regulus had snuck in her blanket. The blanket she purposely didn't pack because she knew her mother and father would look through her things. She held it closely and quickly put it under the covers in her bed. She got on her PJs and into her bed rolling over away from everyone else. Holding tightly to her blanket as she wondered how Sirius was feeling- and if they were going to alright once her parents find out. She closed her eyes tightly, clutched onto her blanket, and once every part of her under the covers of her bed, Wisteria fell into a dreamless sleep.Wisteria woke the next morning seeing everyone in her dorm was still asleep. She took this opportunity to quickly get into her school robes, fix her hair, and take the time to properly tie her tie. Once she was done she made her way to the common room and noticed how the only people who seemed to be up were mostly the upper years. She saw Narcissia talking with who she suspected to be Lucius. But what caught her eye was Severus sitting on one of the couches reading. She walked over and sat down next to him wondering just how engrossed he was in his book. When she looked at the title she realized it was their potions textbook. She went to speak but Severus was the first one to break the silence."Why are you sitting next me?" He said in a defensive tone that made Wisteria have to think for a bit. "Don't you want to avoid me like the plague- like every other pure-blood Slytherin?"Wisteria blinked and felt her heart sink to her chest. He knew she was a pure-blood and has already gotten the blood purity treatment. "No, I'm not going to do that." She said simply and then was quiet for a bit before she continued to speak in a really low voice. "I don't believe in that stuff, my parents do, but I guess you could say my cousin Andromeda got to me and my brother before my parents really could."Severus looked at her for a while- almost as if he had to process what she just told him then looked back at his book. "You're not lying- I can tell when people lie."Wisteria nodded then bit her cheek before answering. "Do you want to head down to breakfast before we go to our first class, Potions with Professor Slughorn?"Severus looked at Wisteria surprised again but nodded closing his book and placing it in a shoulder bag he had sitting next to him. "That sounds like a plan, though you should get your things for today.""Right, so we can head to class immediately after breakfast. Potions, Herbology, and Charms." Wisteria said with a smile and got up rather spritely and quickly made her way to grab her textbooks and place them in the bag her mother got for her.When she got back into the dorm she bit her cheek hoping the other girls wouldn't bother her. She stayed quiet and put her text books into her bag and made sure she did have her wand. She smiled once everything was in order and made her way back down the stairs. She smiled thinking about how lucky she is for being able to seem invisible.When she reached the common room Andromeda was sitting next to Severus talking with him. She shifted the strap on her bag and walked over to them. Andromeda smiled at her and Severus looked like he was upset about something. She just smiled at her older cousin and sat down."I just wanted to see you before your first day, if I could catch Sirius it would be even better." Andromeda said as she went and fixed Wisteria's tie that had gotten slightly un-tied. "I'm glad to see you've made a friend- but don't be afraid to make friends from folks in the other houses."Wisteria nodded with a smile and then Andromeda got up quickly walking over to Lucius and she noticed how his face contorted slightly as he noticed her. However she didn't watch for long as Severus tapped her on her shoulder."Come on, let's head to breakfast." He said standing up.Wisteria nodded and stood up after him walking with him to the great hall. They walked in silence and somehow that was comforting. To Wisteria it felt like she found someone who understood some silence doesn't need to be filled. Unlike Sirius who had to fill any and all silence- even if it meant discussing things they've already discussed. It came to a surprise to her that she realized she might prefer Severus's company over Sirius's.When they got to the great hall and sat down to eat she noticed that Severus looked over at the Gryffindor table ever so often. She decided that maybe it was because of the redhead girl he was watching the previous night."Severus, may I ask you a question?" Wisteria asked looking at him and he looked at her confused but nodded. "Who was the redheaded girl that you were watching yesterday?"Severus got a red blush and looked at his food. "I don't know who you're talking about."Wisteria chuckled a bit guessing he had a crush on her. "Yes you do, she was sorted into Gryffindor last night."Severus sighed and he shook his head before looking at her. "She's my friend from home. Her name is Lily Evans, really kind and sweet." He then looked away and lowered his voice. "She's also muggle born."Wisteria nodded and realized just why he was so dismissive earlier. "She sounds like a great person to know. You should introduce me to her one day.""You want to meet her?" Severus asked in a surprised tone booking directly at Wisteria.She chuckled and nodded, "Yeah, you were there when Andromeda told me to not just make friends in Slytherin." She then looked to Severus's plate. "You should finish your food though. You want to get to potions right?"Severus got a small smile on his face and nodded looking down at his plate. Wisteria smiled looking at her own plate. Maybe things won't be as bad as I thought. She thought to herself as they both finished their meal.Once they were done they quickly made their way back to the dungeons to the potions classroom. Severus talked about how this was the class he really looked forward to after reading through his textbooks. Wisteria found it funny that Severus read through his textbooks before he had too, but she then remembered how when they first met he was reading. She agreed with him that Potions does seem the most interesting, but kept to herself that she really looked forward to flying class.When they walked into the classroom they both realized they were the only students there, Professor Slughorn also looked busy in the back of the class as he was humming to himself. When he turned around he smiled at the two of them looking pleasantly surprised."Ah, Wisteria Black I should have expected you to be early to my class." He said with a smile at Wisteria then looked to Severus. "And you are Severus Snape, correct?" Severus nodded and Professor Slughorn's smile grew bigger. "I'm so glad I got that name correct. Both of you come this way, these will be your seats."Professor Slughorn guided them to a table that was rather close to the potions storage still humming a small tune. Wisteria smiled to herself listening to the tune. She didn't recognize it, yet it felt welcoming to her."Um, Professor Slughorn, what is it that you are humming?" Severus asked and Professor Slughorn looked at him with a kind smile."Nothing specific Mr. Snape, it's just a tune that came to me earlier." He then watched as WIsteria pulled out her potions textbook and smiled. "But I will say you two are probably the most prepared first years I have witnessed. Even Andromeda Black wasn't as prepared for her first day as you two. 5 points each to Slytherin."Wisteria and Severus both beamed at earning points for their house on their first day at Hogwarts. Wisteria took out her time tables and realized they had Potions with Gryffindor. That ment she would see her brother in class.Maybe I can keep him on track. She thought as she looked through the time table. If he gets seated near me that is. Before Wisteria could even ask Severus what he thought the chances of her being seated with her brother were, she noticed another student came into the classroom. It was Severus's friend Lily. Wisteria had to admit even if Severus didn't tell her that he had a crush on Lily, she wouldn't blame him if he did.Lily's red hair was tied up in a ponytail with a golden ribbon and her eyes were a really pretty green. The green reminded her of the emerald necklace that was passed down for generations of blacks that her mother wore. Wisteria also noticed that Lily's smile looked naturaly kind.She quickly looked down and opened her textbook trying to shake away the fluttery feeling she started to have. She bit her cheek feeling her face get hot wondering if Severus noticed a change in her demeanor. She kept to herself till Severus nudged her a bit and she looked up with him."Wisteria, this is Lily. Lily, this is my new friend Wisteria." Severus said and she noticed how Lily was sitting across from him on the other side of the table. "She wanted me to introduce you.""Wisteria?" Lily asked in almost a question then her eyes grew wide. "You must be Sirius's sister. He talked about you at the feast last night. It's so great to meet you."Wisteria smiled and put her hands in her lap pushing the fluttery feeling down. "It's nice to meet you too, and yes Sirius is my twin brother.""Oh he must be a joy to live with." Lily said and then looked at Severus once again. "I'm really excited to see what Wizarding School is like. Even after Diagon Alley things keep surprising me!" She said in such an excited tone that Wisteria couldn't help but smile. "Did you know that the Gryffindor common room door is one of the moving paintings? She's super serious though for a singer.""Oh you mean the fat lady," Wisteria said and Lily nodded. "Before coming here my parents had me and Sirius read our History of Magic textbooks. She takes her job in keeping the Gryffindor student's safe very seriously.""Sirius mentioned something similar- though he said he didn't actually read it. He just glossed over it." Lily said chuckling and Wisteria smiled and nodded."Yeah, he did. I'm surprised our parents didn't find out honestly." Wisteria commented and she looked over at Severus who had a smile on his face.Wisteria actually felt really happy talking with Severus and Lily. She also noticed how different they were. Severus was an active listener while Lily talked a lot. She also noticed how Severus only really talked when something was directed at him, and Lily was always quick to ask questions. Talking with the two of them really relieved the stress and worry Wisteria felt about her time here at Hogwarts.It wasn't long before another student walked in early. Wisteria looked over and noticed that it was the blond boy from the train. The one who was looking for a spotted rat. Remus was his name and Professor Slughorn smiled and told him to take the seat next to Lily. This time Severus was the one to speak up."Your name is Remus right? Remus Lupin?" Severus asked and Remus nodded looking surprised."Uh yes, I'm honestly surprised you remember. Most people don't." He said and took his potions book out. "I didn't think I was going to be early- I woke up later then I was planning to and thought I was going to be late."Lily chuckled and looked at Remus. "I'd take a bet to say you're never late for anything Remus."Remus chuckled as he opened his book and more students started to file in. Wisteria smiled as she continued to talk with the others. Remus asked Wisteria questions about Sirius as he was in the same dorm as him and Wisteria gladly answered. She found she liked talking about other people more than she liked talking to herself.When more students started to file in Wisteria grew quiet her father's words starting to come back again. She focused on reading the textbook and listening to Remus and Lily rather than talking. Luckily for her Wisteria didn't have to answer a question directed at her from Remus as Professor Slughorn started class.He stood in the middle of the room and went over what they would be learning this year and all the safety precautions that are necessary for this class. She took a look around the room and noticed she couldn't spot her brother. She got worried and bit her cheek hoping that he was just hidden in the crowd and wasn't late. Yet all her hope went away and she felt a knot in her stomach when she saw Sirius and James both run into the classroom. They immediately came to a halt when they realized they were late."Ah, Mr. Potter and Mr. Black." Professor Slughorn said turning around and facing them. "May I ask why you two decided to come to my class late today?" He asked in a gentle but disappointed tone."Well we didn't decide that professor." James said as he ran a hand through his wild hair."No surely not! The stairs did!" Sirius continued in a joking manner causing Wisteria to frown."I see, well maybe it would do you both some good if you exercise what Lily Evens and Remus Lupin did this morning if the stairs are causing you to be late." Professor Slughorn replied clearly not as amused as James and Sirius were. "Five points from Gryffindor each for being tardy and sassing a professor. Please take a seat."James and Sirius then took a seat next to another boy who she assumed was Peter as soon as she saw the spotted rat on his shoulder. Wisteria just shook her head when Sirius looked over at her when Professor Slughorn went back to addressing the full class. She had a feeling deep within her that this would definitely not be the last time that James and Sirius would get into trouble. She tried to focus on taking notes as Professor Slughorn moved into their first lesson. What a way to learn the ingredients that goes into a Cure for Boils and what each ingredient's property is, and what a way to start their very first year, day, and class at Hogwarts.
