If Tom Riddle had ever had the desire to classify his worst miscalculations into some sort of hierarchy of failure, choosing to work at Borgin and Burke's would probably have been at the top of that list - even higher than that time he shot himself in the foot by killing a Muggleborn and almost accidentally causing the closure of the school he so desperately did not want to leave.Not that he would ever actually have admitted to failure, of course.But he might have conceded, in this hypothetical exercise in choice analysis, that the decision to forgo all of the generous offers of employment he'd received upon graduation, and to wave away the promise of a stable income and upward mobility in order to work in - of all things - retail, may have been a bit hasty.But Tom had had a goal, and he was certain he knew the best way to achieve that goal.At the time.He was certain at the time.And the brilliant strategy he'd come up with required working in a dingy shop in Knockturn Alley for two barely functioning idiots who knew less about magical history than he did and who couldn't even get his name right half the time."Mornin', Roodle," said Caractacus Burke, lumbering into the shop visibly hung over and staying faithful to his schedule of drinking six out of seven nights a week."It's four o'clock in the afternoon, sir.""Yes, two sugars, please. Thanks." Burke stumbled into the back room, barely noticing the massive, tentacled, fanged book that Tom was trying to stuff into a box, and certainly not offering to help.Tom wondered whether, someday in the future, Borgin and Burke would look back on his time there and realize that they'd been using the Most Powerful Dark Wizard of All Time to balance their ledger.Borgin was somehow even more difficult to deal with than Burke. It seemed that no matter how many priceless, rare artifacts Tom brought in or how much money he made them from sales, any time he was not visiting clients, Borgin had him performing menial tasks like inventory and restocking, and would criticize him the entire time.So, when four o'clock moved to five, and Tom had moved from deadly book beasts to hanged men's hands, he was not surprised at all when Borgin suddenly appeared and started asking questions."What are you doing with those?" he asked when he saw Tom at the back counter, piles of shriveled human hands all around him."Sorting," Tom said without looking up."What do you mean, 'sorting?'" He sounded as if he was trying to seem only vaguely interested, but Tom could tell without looking that the man had begun to count the hands as soon as he saw them."For inventory purposes, sir.""Inventory? They're all Hands of Glory! Surely you need only count them."That was an interesting statement coming from the man who had once spent an entire afternoon lecturing Tom on the detailed differences between Medieval, Renaissance, and Victorian wand holders, all of which did one thing: held wands. And rather poorly, at that."And why do they need counting, anyway?" Borgin demanded. "It's only the category three and higher artifacts we need to account for in the ledger.""I thought perhaps we could sell the bulk and reinvest in some more popular, slightly rarer items.""Sell…?" Borgin's eyes widened. "No, no. We can't sell those. I need them." He scooped up the hands like a paranoid squirrel protecting a particularly tasty pile of nuts and threw them roughly back into the box."Very well, sir," said Tom flatly, watching the man with narrowed eyes."It is not that I don't appreciate your initiative, Tom, but these are- well… we need them." He closed the box and sealed it shut with his wand, then picked it up and carried it back to the storeroom without another word.Tom decided it was best not to ponder the reasons his boss might hoard Hands of Glory so obsessively. What a man did in his private time was his own business. But how nice it would be, he thought, if he were to just quit then and there and move on to bigger and better things, leaving Borgin and Burke to fend for themselves.They'd probably be dead within a week.At six o'clock he made to leave, but just as he opened the back door a small owl flew in, landed on a shelf, and held out its leg rather arrogantly.He removed a tiny scroll from the owl, which hooted rudely before it flew off, clearly offended by having to visit such an unsightly part of town. Well, that was poor customer service, he thought. Though, admittedly, the bird showed more personality than anyone he worked with.Burke came out of nowhere and snatched the scroll from Tom's hand. "Been waitin' for that," he slurred, opening it roughly with fat fingers and squinting to read the small print. "Ah, Smith.""I can go, sir," Tom offered, eager to avoid another day of Borgin's obsessive hoarding. "We've developed a good rapport-""Nah." Burke waved his hand. "No need to trouble yourself. I'll get this one. She'll have a few random heirlooms she wants to show off, I'm sure."But it was written all over Burke's face: he and Smith had other business to attend to.Feeling slightly nauseous, Tom retreated toward the door, but naturally, as if the universe were singling him out for torture, his path was blocked by Borgin."Before you go," he drawled, "we've just gotten another shipment in of carnivorous codices. Would you mind stocking before you leave? Otherwise they'll destroy the back room and, well... We'll probably end up with twice as many of them by the morning." He flashed a disgusting grin. "Like rabbits," he added.It was becoming apparent - well, more like painfully, agonizingly obvious - that it was time for Tom to make a change. And so, as he opened the first box of eldritch book monsters that really had no reason for existing at all except to make his life utter hell, he decided that he would.Dear Mister Borgin and Mister Burke, Please accept this letter as my formal resignation from Borgin & Burke Alternative Magical Supply and Trade Company, LLP. It has been an honor working with you both these past five years, Well, that was a lie. He'd had to stop himself from murdering both of them on at least seven separate occasions and was still undecided about murdering them once he quit.and I thank you for the opportunity to develop my career in the trade and study of rare items and artifacts. Trade. Steal. Whatever.Please keep in touch, But really, don't.and I wish you and your company continued success in the future. He would not have cared if the whole place burned down right that second.Sincerely, Tom M. Riddle He folded the parchment and set it aside. If all went well, he would give the letter to Borgin and bid good riddance to the shop. If not, he'd have to rethink his strategy.He pulled out another piece of parchment, dipped his quill in ink, then paused for a moment, thinking. He'd been up all night and only in the early hours of that morning had he made a decision. It was another brilliant strategy - one that would hopefully work better than his previous brilliant strategy. Yes, this made sense.Dear Headmaster Dippet, he wrote.Tom waited all day for a reply from Hogwarts, only half paying attention to what he was doing and largely ignoring Borgin's complaints about, well, everything.It was likely that the school had already found its lineup of teachers for that year, as it was now the middle of August. But he still thought it was worth a try, especially given the fact that the previous professor had just retired. Also, the shop had become so intolerable that the entire Alley burning to the ground in a mysterious explosion and Tom conveniently disappearing afterwards was becoming an increasingly likely scenario.Burke returned from his (for lack of a better term) "client visit" that afternoon, donning a ridiculous smile and throwing a small box onto the counter."Successful acquisition, sir?" Tom asked."You could say that," he chuckled.Tom gestured toward the box. "I meant in terms of artifacts, sir.""Eh? Oh, nah. This was just a little something from Heppy. Some cup or other. I told her I'd get it appraised. Probably won't."Tom wished more than anything that he could go back in time and kill himself before he'd ever started that conversation, and prayed he would never hear the word "Heppy" again.There was a loud tapping at the front window. Burke was closest. He hobbled over to the door and let in a large barn owl that was clutching a small roll of parchment with the unmistakable Hogwarts seal upon it."That's for me," Tom said, grabbing the scroll before Burke had a chance to see it. He ripped it open hurriedly, and the first thing he noticed was a familiar curly script.Mr Riddle, We would be delighted to have you interview for the Defense Against the Dark Arts position. Unfortunately, Headmaster Dippet has taken ill, so I will be handling all administrative matters in his stead. I trust this will not be an issue. Please join me at ten o'clock on Tuesday morning for your interview, here at the school. Sincerely, Albus DumbledoreDeputy HeadmasterHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryDumbledore.Tom seethed with rage. His plan had involved the careful manipulation of an old, nearly senile wizard that had no regrets, one foot in the grave, and had always thought the best of him. It did not include a contingency for dealing with the only person at the school - or anywhere - that he could not manipulate.He grabbed a quill, turned the parchment over, and wrote his reply.Dear Deputy Headmaster Dumbledore,Thank you for your kind response. There is no need to trouble you, as I am sure you must be overwhelmed with responsibilities. I am more than happy to wait for Headmaster Dippet's return. Would next week be acceptable? Regards,Tom M. RiddleHe rolled up the paper, considered putting a curse on it, decided against it, then gave it back to the owl.Sometime later, the owl returned with Dumbledore's reply:Dear Mr Riddle,No. Sincerely, Albus DumbledoreActing HeadmasterHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryThe truth about the Dark Arts was that the entire concept was a farce.The Dark Arts did not exist. The term was a black label to be affixed to any and every type of magic that did not adhere to the moral and legal standards of whatever government or society was casting judgment upon it. In other words, it was used to describe anything people feared, or didn't understand, or thought unsightly, or simply felt shouldn't exist in polite company.This, above all, was the message Tom wanted to teach to the children of Hogwarts. He wanted to engender a newfound respect for magical power and to encourage students to discard the idea of "Dark" and "evil" magic. And, if he happened to pull from each class the best, brightest, and boldest students to become followers – his own small army of hearts and minds – then all the better.Also, his strategic plan required access to the Castle. Two birds, as they say.He kept these things in mind as he prepared for his interview, which could go any number of ways, he knew, given the fact that it was to be conducted by a man who was capable of turning intense dislike into a radiant smile and who flitted between philosophical rambling and complex magical theory with ease, often within the same sentence.He rose early on Tuesday, as the last thing he wanted to be was late. It was as much a part of his carefully cultivated professional persona as his rampant perfectionism that Tom was rarely late for anything. And he held little regard for those who did not respect the sanctity of predetermined schedules.That being said, apparating the entire length of Britain was not a pleasant experience, and he'd failed to calculate into his schedule the ten or twenty minutes of disorientation that came with such a long trip. So, when he arrived at Hogsmeade, he was forced to take the path to the Castle slowly.There was no doubt in his mind that Dumbledore could have arranged for floo travel. As disgusting as it was, it certainly had an element of expediency compared with the alternatives. But Dumbledore would probably have preferred Tom to be a disheveled, disoriented interviewee, rather than a competent one.The old caretaker met him at the door and ushered him inside. He was taken through the corridors and up the spiral staircase that led to Dippet's office. The caretaker was a man of few words, apparently, and Tom wondered if he might be a bit slow.The man shut the door loudly behind him and Tom felt strangely trapped. He seemed to be alone. He meandered over to the large, ornate desk used by countless headmasters over the years, and noticed that a small chair had been placed on the other side of it: his interrogation seat. He sat and waited. And waited.After about twenty minutes the door opened and Dumbledore strode in, casual as ever, as if he were fashionably early instead of offensively wasting his interviewee's time just to make a power play."Ah, Tom," he said, a pleasant and inherently mocking smile on his face. "Welcome back to Hogwarts."Tom stood and they shook hands. It was awkward. Not "I hate you and you hate me" awkward, but more a sort of "let the games begin" awkward.Dumbledore took a seat behind Dippet's desk and opened a folder containing several short pieces of parchment. He reviewed the contents slowly while Tom sat in unbearable silence. Finally, after reading the entirety of the folder, Dumbledore removed his glasses and peered across the desk at Tom like an underweight, judgmental Santa Claus."I see you've added a considerable amount of experience to your resume since it was last submitted," he said."Yes, sir, I've held the same position for five years." Since you ruined my chances of coming here the first time, he thought to himself."And did you find your time there useful?""Useful?""Useful," Dumbledore repeated.Tom knew what he meant but pretended he didn't. "Well, sir, I found it educational."Silence.After a while Dumbledore said, "And you've continued to submit frequent articles to respected research journals, as well.""I thought it was best to remain active in the academic community." Those articles, in addition to regular nefarious planning sessions with his associates, were the only things that kept him sane while he worked for a pittance seven days a week."And what about your other activities outside of Borgin and Burke's?" Dumbledore asked, his eyes boring into Tom's skull - trying, he knew, to see into his mind through sheer force of will."I'm not sure I know what you mean, sir." I know exactly what you mean, and you better not-"I have it on good authority that you have been associating with individuals of questionable notoriety. You must understand, Tom, that as a teacher at this school you will be working with children. I cannot hire anyone until I am sure that doing so does not compromise their safety in any way."Tom knew, of course, that Dumbledore had been tracking his movements ever since he left Hogwarts, perhaps even before that. But try as he might, he was never able to figure out how the old man managed to do it, or who was working for him.At any rate, Dumbledore could not be charmed, manipulated, or intimidated. Logic was the appropriate weapon of choice. Thus, Tom decided to use logic to full effect."Sir," he said, measuring his words carefully, "my acquaintances and I have never been accused of any impropriety or criminal activity that I am aware of. If we are all to be judged solely on the basis of the reputations others assign to us - over which we have little control - then I'm afraid you will be hard-pressed to find anyone saintly enough to fill this position."It was a bold statement. A calculated risk, especially for a job interview. Dumbledore sat back in his chair, his face unreadable.Tom did not look away. No matter how correct Dumbledore was to suspect him, the argument he'd presented was too solid to refute.Regardless, he began to run through contingency plans in his head, including (but not limited to) killing Dumbledore then and there, and/or cursing the entire staff on his way out.Well, they weren't contingency plans so much as tantrums. But he was ready."You're right," Dumbledore said after a long, awkward silence."Sorry?" The word tumbled out of his mouth before he could stop it."You're right. And well said. I'm most unlikely to find anyone as knowledgeable on the subject as you are, anyway. Who am I to deny the students here the best education available?"Tom was a brilliant strategist, but even he could not discern what could have motivated Dumbledore to accept his argument so willingly."Welcome aboard, Professor," Dumbledore said, standing and holding out his hand. There was a smile on his face - a Dumbledore smile: a duplicitous, foreboding smirk that Tom did not like at all.They shook on it.

"I'm sorry, ma'am, but I simply cannot offer you any more than market value for used infertility amulets.""The fact that they're used means they work!"The shop was unusually busy, and Tom had been left to man the counter after Borgin had conveniently disappeared.The absolute worst part of the job was having to deal with customers. They were dim, impatient swindlers who were consistently certain that whatever they were offering for sale or trade was of top quality, while also insisting that every purchase they wanted to make was ridiculously overpriced."Three Sickles is the best I can do, ma'am," Tom muttered to the short, elderly woman on the other side of the counter. She was leering at him as if he were a misbehaving child that had just told a lie."Nonsense. I'll go to Shyverwretch's!" she threatened. "They're offering a full Galleon each!"Shyverwretch's didn't even sell Dark objects. They sold poisons.Tom pushed the disgusting amulets back across the counter, thinking that if it wasn't his last day, and he had to come back to this hellish job in the morning, he might have killed her then and there. "By all means, then. Go to Shyverwretch's," he said.The woman blinked stupidly. "Well- I mean- quite inconvenient..."Tom shrugged."Unbelievable. What a bloody- fine. I'll take the Sickles.""Very well, ma'am."There were five more people in line and Tom wished them all gruesome deaths.When Borgin finally appeared, he did not look at all like he was of any mindset to help. "Sir," Tom called, "I have something I need to discuss with you.""Eh? Sorry, Tom. Bit busy at the moment."He shuffled into the back room for a minute, shuffled out, then headed back up the stairs to his flat, completely unfazed by the chaos on the shop floor."Busy being useless," Tom muttered under his breath, turning back to the next customer."I need eighteen Peruvian shrunken heads," said a young, dark-haired woman in an American accent. "Crushed, if you have them. Though I'll take powdered as well."There was no legitimate use for shrunken heads at all, let alone "crushed" shrunken heads."Sorry, we only have three. And they're from the Caucasus Region."She looked impatient. "Fine, I'll take all three."Tom retrieved the heads from the floor and began to wrap her purchase while she watched him, tapping her foot."Good lord," she said after a minute, "could you go any slower?""I could..." he muttered.But she didn't hear him. "You would think the world's greatest former colonial power would have at least reasonable access to global foodstuffs, considering how many countries they've ransacked.""Foodstuffs?"She yanked the package out of his hands, slammed her money on the counter, and hurried out of the shop. "I hate Europe," she declared on her way out.He watched her go, wondering what on earth powdered shrunken head could possibly be used for."I need a book on necromancy," said the next customer. "But I don't want to reanimate whole bodies. Just... parts. So, if there's a book on that..."Tom would never know, for years afterward, how he had managed to get through that last day. When it was finally over, he didn't even bother to find Borgin again to discuss his resignation. He just left the letter on the counter, opened up a massive, writhing box of eldritch books, let them loose on the back room, and made sure to steal a few choice items he'd been eyeing before leaving out the back door for the last time.Tom's flat had never been particularly glamorous. In fact, it was one exposed beam away from being a hovel. But what it lacked in comfort it made up for in convenience. Its proximity to the Alley made life much easier, even though he was consistently updated on the rollercoaster relationship of the couple next door through the paper-thin walls that seemed to be mysteriously impervious to magic.He would not miss Nancy and Clarence and their intimacy issues.He'd always promised himself he would charm or hex his way into much nicer accommodations, but never seemed to find the time. And so he was stuck with Rollo.Rollo was the landlord. He was a short, balding idiot who wasn't a wizard so much as a man who happened to have a wand, and the only good thing about him was that he was easy to curse.At least, it was a good thing, until Tom tried to move out."Lookin' to move in?" he asked when Tom met him at the dingy little desk on the first floor."No, I'm moving out.""Eh?" He looked at Tom as if he'd never seen him before. "If you say so. Name?""Riddle."He started to rummage through a filing cabinet by hand, his wand sitting unused on a table in the corner of the room. He might as well have been a Muggle. After several unpleasant minutes he pulled out a folder, set it on the desk, and then looked up at Tom again. "Date leaving?" he asked."September first, I suppose. But I should like to return in the summer.""Why?""Because I am a teacher." It was the first time he'd said it, and had he been anyone else, he might have been excited about that. "I do not work in the summer. I will need a place to stay, and I would like to stay in London."This was beyond Rollo's ability to process, apparently. "I can't hold the unit unless you pay through the year."Tom was silent for a moment, likely appearing to the landlord as if he were considering the option. What he was actually doing was imagining Rollo's slow, torturous disembowelment. He sighed longingly.But the landlord had looked away, and when he turned to face Tom again, his face was blank."You movin' in?" he asked again."No, I- I just said I'll be moving out. And I've been here for five years. How do you not recog-"He stopped himself, remembering with annoyance that he'd used the Imperius Curse on the man so many times that he hadn't had to pay proper rent in months. He also, apparently, had quite possibly addled Rollo's brain. This would be difficult.I will not curse him again, he told himself."I'm moving out. Is there something I have to sign?"Rollo rummaged through a different filing cabinet and pulled out a form. "Fill this out," he said.Tom quickly completed the form and handed it back to Rollo, whose face had once again gone blank.Rollo smiled. "Moving i-""NO I AM NOT MOVING IN!" Tom yelled.Rollo stared at him with a slightly confused expression on his stupid face.I will NOT curse him again. "Take this form," Tom said, "file it away, and I will have the flat empty by the first."Rollo nodded his head. Then he looked down at the paper. "But this is a moving-out form. You need a moving-in for-""Imperio."He had told them to come alone, stagger their arrivals, apparate into opposite ends of the Alley to avoid being noticed, and to assemble in the Leaky Cauldron by midnight.They showed up side by side, staggeringly drunk, twenty two minutes late, two pubs away. Avery was singing.Tom had a difficult time hiding his displeasure. In other words, he didn't."Are you complete idiots?" he hissed from the corner, beckoning them to his table when they finally wandered in, gabbing boisterously like they'd just come from a football match. Not that they knew what football was. "I thought I told you-""Sorry, Lord," Rosier slurred."Lord," Avery repeated."Loooooord," Rosier countered."Lo-""DO YOU MIND?" Tom shouted, attracting the attention of half the pub in the process.They fell silent, though Tom suspected in Avery's case it was just to keep himself from vomiting."Sit down, you fools. I have news.""If this is about the Giant fiasco..." Rosier began."No, this has nothing to do with- wait, what Giant fiasco?"Rosier stared at him, either terrified of his potential wrath or drifting into a drunken stupor. He couldn't tell."Never mind," he muttered. "I will be gone for the foreseeable future. I have been offered," he used the term loosely, "a position as a professor, and I'm going to take it.""I'm sorry?" Avery chimed in."I said I'm going to teach. At Hogwarts. For a while, anyway.""Teach?"He looked from one face to the other. They seemed bewildered."Is that a problem?" he asked in a tone of warning. There was no way he would accept having his actions criticized by a bunch of spoiled, barely intelligent, old-money legacies that were more suited to the smoking club at Cambridge than the Dark Arts underground, even if they were his closest friends."No- no problem," Rosier stuttered. After a moment's pause he added, "children?""What?""You're going to teach... children?""Obviously."They both sat there in silence, looking as if they could not imagine the possibility of a universe existing in which Tom Riddle was anything remotely like any semblance of a professor."What?" he demanded."Nothing.""Anyway, in my absence I will require you to advance the plan as much as possible and take on the responsibilities to which I will not have time to attend."Rosier blinked, trying and failing to understand the grammar of that last sentence. "Look, Tom," he explained, "it's going to be fine. Have we ever failed you before?"Tom looked at him pointedly."Recently?" he specified.Avery grunted, half asleep.Tom got out his wand. The silent hex he sent from under the table jolted them both to attention, and they were considerably more respectful once they realized the threat.He spent the next half hour assigning them tasks and messages to pass on to the rest of their "associates." Whether or not they would remember any of it the next day was anyone's guess.When Tom returned to his flat in the early hours of the morning, an owl was waiting for him at the window. It carried a large, heavy roll of parchment, sealed on the outside with the Hogwarts crest. He broke the seal and felt the tiniest bit of excitement, which he quickly stifled.Professor Riddle, Please find enclosed your pre-term paperwork package, to be completed before the start of Week 1. All lesson plans must be outlined for the term before August 27th. The paper is enchanted to provide a gentle reminder if it is not completed by this date. Also enclosed is a list of unapproved subjects pertaining to the Dark Arts. These topics are not to be included in any lesson, discussion, or reading at any level. Please sign at the bottom of the list to acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to these terms. Wishing you a wonderful and productive school year, Headmaster Armando Dippet He had no doubt that the "list of unapproved subjects" was specially curated for him by Dumbledore, who likely assumed he needed the extra policing, as if he was going to begin day one with "how to make a Horcrux."So, he decided that he would sign the form, then endeavor to faithfully include every single bloody topic on that list somewhere in his classes.The other forms were self-explanatory but tedious. He threw them down on the desk and rubbed his forehead in frustration, realizing with annoyance that it was already the twenty-sixth.What he had pictured in his head when he'd first thought of teaching were long, sweeping orations, students hanging on his every word, young minds being taken in and inspired by his message.What he did not fully consider, however, was that he would actually have to teach.Properly teach. As a job. A full-time job.Was access to the castle worth this amount of misery? Was the cultivation of young minds worth the time he would be required to spend actually talking to the owners of those minds? To... children?Tom hated children as a general concept. He also hated them specifically. They might be the future of society, but they were also expensive, ignorant little parasites. Their only redeeming quality was that they were impressionable - at least, he hoped they were. As an adult he'd only ever spent a few minutes with one, and that was when a woman pushing a pram walked into the shop and demanded he keep an eye on the thing while she talked to his bosses.It had stared at him. Not in a "you're interesting" or "you're funny" sort of way. Just an emotionless, wide-eyed stare, like an animal trying to camouflage itself from predators by not moving.He had looked into the baby's mind, curious to find out what it might have been thinking about, but all he'd seen was his own face staring back at him, looking confused, like he was the subject in a Surrealist painting.Turning back to the matter at hand, he read over one of the long pieces of parchment Dippet had sent that explained class schedules. The paper contained a grid that depicted the class lineup, into which he was supposed to write topics by course level. There was a parchment with another grid to outline exams, and several other administrative forms, including an "Acknowledgement of Heightened Risk of Accidental Death and Dismemberment" and a "Waiver of Right to Sue in Cases of Accidental Death and Dismemberment."Raising an army and storming the castle by force would have been less tedious.In addition to the requirement of teaching, he had failed to consider something else: the sheer volume of work involved. Defense Against the Dark Arts was a mandatory class for years one through five, meaning that, if every house had a separate class, he'd have at least twenty classes per week. Even if they were doubled-up, that was still ten, and at least fourteen separate midterms and final exams to come up with.Years six and seven were considered "advanced," which he would need to discern the meaning of at some point, but luckily there was only one class per year for all houses.He sighed and sat back in his chair, looking out the window and wondering vaguely if there was a spell that would do all this work for him. Probably not, because that would be terribly convenient, and there was an unwritten universal law that magic was useful and convenient in every respect except when it came to administrative paperwork. Bureaucracy was some kind of dark anti-magic over which no one had power.He watched the sun rising, and for a brief moment he thought he saw a tiny house elf flying through the Alley and off into the horizon on a broomstick. That was the point at which he figured he must be getting tired.He remembered his own classes at school, in which Merrythought had divided the course into spells, potions, objects, and creatures, as if it were a dumping ground for anything the other professors didn't feel like teaching.But Tom's class was not going to be a Potions class. Nor was it going to be Care of Magical Creatures.He perused Dumbledore's list and noticed with annoyance that every useful and interesting topic, along with every book he'd hoped to use, was on it.Staff,All teachers must note that the below subjects are not approved for teaching, research, or discussion at Hogwarts. Any evidence of incorporation of the below topics or texts in any classroom setting will result in immediate disciplinary action.A list of banned topics follows: Blood MagicClass 5 Major PoisonsCursing of ObjectsDemonologyEsoteric/Mystical PracticesNecromancyObject SentiencePrejudicial Spells and RitualsReligionUnforgivable Curses (use of)**Unforgivable Curses (defense against) acceptableThe approved texts for this year are as follows:Defense Against the Dark Arts by Galatea MerrythoughtAdvanced Defense Against the Dark Arts by Galatea MerrythoughtThe Essential Defense Against the Dark Arts by Arsenius Jigger (supplemental)The Hogwarts letters had already gone out to students nearly a month ago, so he would have to live with those texts until he had a chance to phase them out. Having been taught by Merrythought himself, he knew they were likely devoid of any content he would deem useful. But he could understand the impulse to assign one's own books to a school full of students that would be forced to buy them.Unapproved Texts: Curses and Counter-Curses by Vindictus Viridian (encourages practice)Magick Moste Evile by Godelot (dangerous, encourages practice)Malleus Maleficarum by Heinrich Kramer and Jacob Sprenger (unverified sources cited)Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics by John von Neumann (questionable theory)Memory Mechanics and Manipulation in Magic by Joyce Pritchard (dangerous)Secrets of the Darkest Art by Owle Bullock (dangerous, encourages practice)The Bible by Various (unverified sources cited)The Study of Time by Ibrahim Dhakar (dangerous)Ymchwil ar Eneidiau (A Study of Souls) by Carys Wynne (dangerous)Dumbledore had done his research. Though, why he worried that Tom might use the Bible in his classes was a mystery.He decided to replicate Merrythought's model on paper and insert alternate content in practice, here and there, slowly at first, so that before anyone noticed that he was deviating from his original lesson plan, the year would be over.It took him all day to finalize his submission, and by midnight he had hobbled together a rudimentary exam schedule as well, hoping it would at least pass as acceptable. Relieved that it was finally over, he threw the stack of papers down and sat back in his chair.And then his desk exploded.

The "gentle reminder" Dippet had put on the paperwork apparently came in the form of a localized explosion.Luckily, the finished lesson plans weren't too badly damaged, and Tom was able to send them off just before sunrise. He didn't bother fixing his desk, which now existed as a smoldering pile of ash and splinters on the floor.Not one fraction of a second after he'd finally collapsed onto his bed, there was a tapping at the window. He ignored it.Tap tap tap.He covered his ears.Tap tap tap. He put a pillow over his head.BANG BANG. The owl was astoundingly impatient and had started throwing itself at the glass in fierce determination. Tom opened the window, shot the owl a nasty look, which it returned in kind, and took the small scroll from its foot. It hooted its indignation as it left.There were very few things that Tom was convinced Muggles did better than wizards (because he hated Muggles and thought their general existence was objectively useless), and one of those things was long distance communication. They had a device that could transfer messages across oceans at incredible speed and with impressive efficiency, yet wizards were stuck having to wipe bird droppings off of every single correspondence they sent.Dear Professor Riddle, he read.Please advise when you would like to complete your relocation to Hogwarts Castle. I suggest doing so no later than 27th August to allow ample time to acclimate and prepare for the term. Albus DumbledoreDeputy HeadmasterHogwarts School of Witchcraft and WizardryToday was the 27th. Dumbledore had sent the letter today. Why couldn't he just bloody say "today?"Tom looked around at his still-smoldering flat. There would be no sleeping, apparently."I hope this will suffice," said Dumbledore, showing Tom into an enormous set of rooms that sat somewhere between Gryffindor Tower and the third-floor corridor. There was a massive living area, a bedroom with a fireplace, and a bathroom infinitely nicer than anything he had ever used. His new office had two doors: one accessible from inside the flat, and one that opened to the corridor for students to use.The floor-to-ceiling windows on the east wall flooded the place with bright sunlight as if God Himself was laying down his approval, and Tom turned to Dumbledore with a poorly hidden look of suspicion on his face. "Were these Merrythought's quarters?" he asked."Hm? No, they've been vacant for a while now. The last resident didn't care for them for some reason."There it was. He assumed he would discover that reason at some point, but for now, his very poor twenty-three-year-old self was content with accepting the offer. "This will be fine," he said, trying to hide his excitement about no longer having to live in a building that looked like no one had touched it since it had been bombed in the War. Which it hadn't."Excellent. I shall see you at the pre-term staff meeting tomorrow morning at eight. If you should need anything, do not hesitate to find me." He smiled benignly and left.Tom took his time exploring the rooms, rearranging things and finding places to store his massive collection of banned books. The last resident had apparently been partial to the color yellow because the floor, the curtains, and the bedding looked as if someone had violently vomited lemons all over them. He changed everything, predictably, to a suitably dark shade of green.By evening he had everything just the way he wanted it, which had taken a while owing to his incessant perfectionism. As a final step, he set his copy of Magick Moste Evile conspicuously on his new desk (so that if Dumbledore ever came into the office, he'd be sufficiently offended), and considered the job done.After two sleepless nights he was finally, mercifully, able to go to bed.Tap tap tap.Tap tap.He swore loudly and made his way toward the giant windows in the living room, where a small, disheveled-looking owl of some sort was bobbing up and down on the other side of the glass."I hate you," he said to the owl when it flew in and promptly made a mess on the window sill, then proceeded to try and bite him every time he reached for the paper tied to its foot.He unfolded a hastily scribbled note that had some sort of stain on it and smelled suspiciously like cigarettes.Lestrange is back. Wants a word. Says he has news. How's school?-RThe one single thing he was absolutely certain he had made clear to Avery and Rosier was that they should never contact him while he was at Hogwarts.Lestrange can wait, he wrote back. If you contact me here again, I will kill you both.He put a curse on the paper for good measure.On his way to the staff meeting the next morning Tom ran into Slughorn, who was milling around near a corner and fiddling with a small vial."Tom, my dear boy! How nice to see you!" he said, stashing the vial in a pocket and shaking Tom's hand enthusiastically."It's good to see you, sir," said Tom, and he meant it."I thought you'd be a Deputy Minister by now! Couldn't pass up the chance to influence the younger generations, eh?""That's the goal, sir.""I must say, I was quite concerned when I heard you'd turned down all those job offers. Borgin and Burke's? I do hope they treated you well."For one satisfying moment he wondered how well Borgin and Burke were getting on with the mess he'd left them. "It was fine, sir.""Oh, do call me Horace. We're colleagues now, after all," Slughorn told him with a smile.But because he knew the man so well, Tom could tell that Slughorn was a bit disappointed. No doubt he had hoped that his best student would rise quickly up the ranks of some prestigious, financially impressive place or other that he could brag about.They walked into the staff room together. Tom had never been in here before; it was one of the few corners of Hogwarts he hadn't managed to penetrate before he graduated, not that there had ever been any need for it. Despite being on the first floor of a medieval castle, it slightly resembled the inside of a Muggle office, with mismatched furniture, a faux-wood table that was at least twenty years old, and a modern-ish kitchenette.The other professors were huddled in groups, he noticed, occupying different parts of the room.There was the old guard (decrepit, crotchety men long past retirement age but too stuck in their routine to do anything about it, and angry at everyone else for their poor life choices); the failed researchers (split between former adventurers who looked like they'd just gotten back from wrangling Antipodean Opaleyes in Australia, and bookish scholars who probably thought their stint at Hogwarts would be temporary until their big scientific breakthrough); the young ones (full of hopes and dreams for the country's youth, painfully naïve and idealistic); and one dead guy.The ghost of Cuthbert Binns sat - or, rather, hovered - in the middle of the sofa in front of the fire, making the two old men on either side of him extremely uncomfortable and not caring one damn bit about it. Tom had never disliked Binns. History of Magic was so useless, and Binns so unobservant, that he had gotten a lot of personal work done during the two hours he'd spend in that class each week.In the kitchen sat the youngest of the teachers, Minerva McGonagall, who had graduated a few years before Tom. He only recognized McGonagall because she had made it her goal in life to rat out as many Slytherins as she could during her seventh year as a Gryffindor Head Girl, Tom included. She was seated with two other young female teachers, and he decided to join them.The women introduced themselves as Ilania and Peggy, Astronomy and Arithmancy, respectively. Tom did not bother to commit the names to memory."And that's Minerva," said Astronomy, gesturing toward McGonagall and frowning slightly. "She teaches Transfiguration under Dumbledore. Minerva, this is Tom."Minerva had been staring at Tom as if surprised to see him while trying not to seem surprised at the same time. Her eyes narrowed. "I am familiar," she stated.Sometimes, when the universe aligned in the right way, or chance or fate had willed it, or he just felt like being an arsehole, Tom gave himself a challenge. And at that moment he decided to challenge himself to get Minerva McGonagall to like him. Not because he cared, of course, but because he knew how ridiculously annoyed with herself she would be if she was ever taken in by the charms of a Slytherin. And anyway, it would be helpful to have an ally that was also Dumbledore-adjacent."Nice to see you again, Minerva," he said quietly and with a carefully placed smirk. Could have been sarcasm. Could have been flirting. She would have to figure it out."Riddle," she muttered, emotionless.Tom gazed around the room and was surprised how many faces there were that he didn't know. "Who is that?" he asked Astronomy, pointing to a vaguely familiar rotund man near the fire."Oh," she said, blushing, "that's Beery. Herbology."That was why Tom didn't recognize him. He had gotten special dispensation to skip out on the intellectual black hole that was Herbology after his second year, thanks in no short order to Dippet, and had barely ever spoken to Beery."And that's Grayson and Tyre with Binns," Astronomy continued. "Grayson teaches Ancient Runes even though he hates it. Tyre is Charms. He's had those horns for a while now. And, let's see..." She pointed to a harsh-looking woman and a tall man near the window who were talking animatedly. "That's Carson, sports, and Fogg, Muggle Studies."She stopped when Dippet came in and called for attention. "Welcome to another year at Hogwarts," he said in a weak voice, looking particularly decrepit. "I trust everyone had a productive summer. A few start-of-term notices, if I may." He pulled out a small piece of parchment and squinted at it."Firstly, Professor Kettleburn will not be joining us this term, I'm afraid.""Suspension again?" asked Tyre.Dippet gave a knowing look. "I'm not at liberty to say.""What'd he do this time, the smarmy bastard? Blow something up?"Dippet ignored this and continued. "Now, as we all know, Professor Merrythought officially retired at the end of last term-""Finally," said Beery. "She'd only been threatening it for seven years." Some of the other teachers chuckled."Anyway," Dippet sighed, "the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be taken by Mr Riddle."He gestured toward Tom, who was not expecting to be singled out, though he realized he should have anticipated it. He stood and gave a small smile.There was silence."How old are you?" Grayson barked loudly, causing several other people to groan.The woman named Carson clicked her tongue. "What the hell does that matter, Grayson?"Despite her comment, most of the room was staring at Tom, expecting him to answer and satiate their curiosity.The two women beside him seemed especially curious."Twenty-three, sir," he said, staring directly at Grayson with determined confidence.Slight muttering in the crowd."Lord, Dippet," Grayson exclaimed, "they get younger every year."Minerva frowned and looked down at her hands, and Tom wondered if she'd had to endure the same abuse at her first staff meeting.Slughorn rose from his armchair in the corner. "Now Grayson, I happen to know Mr Riddle quite well, and he is one of the best graduates this school has ever produced."Tom felt a surge of appreciation for Slughorn.Grayson scoffed. "Produced when? Last year?""He said he was twenty-three, old man. Twenty-three is not eighteen. You should-""I think you will find," came the last voice Tom expected to hear, "that Mr Riddle is more than up to the task." Dumbledore nodded politely at him. "I am absolutely sure that Tom will not disappoint us. Isn't that right, Tom?"Was that a threat? "Of course, sir," Tom responded, trying to prevent his already weak polite smile from faltering. He had no need for Dumbledore's endorsement. An old codger like Grayson didn't scare him in the least.The Deputy Headmaster's suspicious support was far more worrying."May I continue?" Dippet inquired sarcastically to Grayson, who waved his hand at them all in old man frustration."Ahem. Please note that we are still having trouble removing that horribly defaced portrait of Winston Churchill on the fifth floor. Whatever charm the students used last year was quite effective."A few people looked at Tyre. "Still working on it, sir," he mumbled."Very well. Now-""Who the bloody hell is Winston Churchill?" Slughorn demanded.Fogg took offense to that and made a loud "tsk" sound at Slughorn."Now," Dippet continued, "as usual, the Ministry will be conducting inspections in November, so please be prepared to accommodate them.""I still don't understand the point of that," interjected Slughorn. "I taught for fifteen years without an inspection, and all the sudden-""If you remember correctly, Professor," Fogg said angrily, "a student died several years ago. A Muggleborn, of course, as if they don't have enough to worry about, the poor things. We've been on the watch list since then."Tom shifted uncomfortably in his seat.The meeting went on for another hour, during which Astronomy stared longingly at Tom, Grayson yelled at everyone who spoke, and Dumbledore just stood there quietly, observing the crowd with mild interest and making Tom increasingly paranoid about whatever nefarious deeds he was probably planning.The old dining table in the staff room looked like it was painted by someone who had never seen actual wood but had vaguely heard about it through word of mouth. Tom stared at it, in a daze, wondering if he could catch it on fire using only his mind."The children will arrive tonight," said Astronomy, who had taken to following him around any time he wasn't in his quarters, and was now sitting beside him, eating her lunch and droning on about the Start of Term Feast, "probably around seven."He responded with a halfhearted "hm.""Then the Sorting, then dinner, of course."For some unfathomable reason he felt nervous about the whole first day thing, and being nervous made him irritable. "Yes," he mumbled, "I'm aware of how the first night tends to go at Hogwarts, Astronomy."She looked confused. "What did you call me?""Ilania, obviously" he muttered, hoping that was right.At that moment, a strangely familiar voice sounded from the corridor. "Well it's not illegal in South America, is it? Absolutely ridiculous."Seconds later Slughorn walked in with - to Tom's surprise - the woman from the shop that had asked for crushed shrunken head. "I'm aware of that, Miss Fowler," Slughorn explained, "but as you know, your tenure comes out of Ilvermorny, and America has banned the use. Not much I can do, I'm afraid.""Who is that?" Tom asked Ilania.She gave him a sinister look. "That's Cornelia Fowler, from America. Potions understudy. Been traveling to all different schools trying to learn about potions education, but word has it she's up to... something else.""'Something else?'"Ilania nodded grimly. "Something else."Tom tried not to lose his patience. "Like what?""Oh, I don't know. It's just a thing people say, you know..."He looked down at the table again.The rest of the day seemed to fly by because, naturally, when you wanted to push something off, time had a funny way of speeding up.By seven-thirty the students had arrived and were packing into the Great Hall. Tom sat near the middle of the long teachers' table in the front, stuck between Minerva and Ilania, pretending his nervousness didn't exist by thinking about all the historical relics he might find now that he had access to the castle.Maybe he'd take the Sorting Hat. It had belonged to Gryffindor, hadn't it? Though, it probably wasn't a good idea to perform Dark rituals on an already sentient object that contained a thousand years of Founders' wisdom and could yell at you the whole time about how stupid you were for attempting such a thing.Then the crowd was going silent, and then the first years were coming through, and Beery was putting the Sorting Hat on a stool, and everything was happening very fast--until the Sorting Hat began to sing.Some enchanted eveningYou may see a strangerYou may see a strangerAcross a crowded roomAnd somehow you knowYou know even thenThat somewhere you'll see herAgain and again."Oh no, not again," Minerva muttered.Some enchanted eveningSomeone may be laughin'"What is happening?" Tom asked her.You may hear her laughin'Across a crowded roomAnd night after nightAs strange as it seems"Beery's been listening to his records again," she explained, as if that didn't bring up a host of other questions.The sound of her laughterWill sing in your dreams.Who can explain it?Who can tell you why?Fools give you reasonsWise men never try.Some enchanted eveningWhen you find your true loveWhen…When the song had finally finished, the students were mumbling in confusion, and Dippet was giving Beery an angry look and shaking his head.Then everything sped up again, and the sorting was over, and Dippet was starting his speech, and then there was food.Tom decided to put his focus toward something else to get his mind off the nervousness he was most definitely not feeling at all."So, Minerva," he said, all charm, "I read your most recent article in Transfiguration Today. Quite clever."She furrowed her brow in confusion. "Why?""I'm sorry?""Why?""Why did I read it?""No. Why is it 'clever?'""I just meant-""It's funny, isn't it? How a man can submit a scientific article to a reputable journal and it's a completely normal thing, regardless of the quality of the content, but when a woman does it, it's surprisingly 'clever,' and even then, only if it's able to surpass the highest quality male submissions.""Er-""Indeed," Ilania joined in. "You know, I tried to submit a study on calculating the distance between galaxies and the impact black holes have on the speed with which they travel through space, and I was rejected by Space and Element? Apparently, my research wasn't 'directly relevant to expanding wizardkind's knowledge of the immediate solar system,' even though some decrepit researcher at Oxford got his ridiculous paper about Alpha Centauri into the same bloody edition."Tom felt very uncomfortable."I- I just meant," he muttered to Minerva, "I thought it was clever how you compared organic and inorganic molecular transfiguration methods and found that they require vastly different applications of spell work.""Oh," she said, blushing slightly.Slughorn, ever helpful, chose that moment to visit, and Tom stood up to greet him, thankful for the excuse to flee the conversation he'd gotten himself stuck in."Professor Riddle!" he said congenially, patting Tom on the shoulder. "Enjoying your first day?""Yes, sir- er, Horace.""Ha! Good to know you're getting acclimated. By the way," he glanced over at Dumbledore and Dippet, then leaned in close and whispered, "I'm thinking about resurrecting the Slug Club again, only for my best students, you know, and I would love for you to join us. As an alumnus?""Oh. I'd be delighted.""Excellent! Keep it between us, though. Dumbledore doesn't like when I single students out."Tom was suddenly very motivated to help Horace resurrect the Slug Club. "Understood," he said.a/n: I hate author notes, but I want to say thank you to those of you who left a review. Glad you like it so far!

The first of September was on a Friday, which meant that the teachers got a rare weekend break before classes started.But because Tom had failed to realize that visual aids were considered a necessary tool for teaching, he ended up spending the entire weekend in the library.Ilania had pointed this out to him in that annoying way she tended to do: by hiding incredibly helpful pearls of wisdom between her incessant gossiping and her complaints about other teachers, so that he was forced to listen to almost everything she said just to get anything useful out of her (he had briefly attempted Legilimency to avoid having to talk to her at all, but in the four seconds he'd spent inside her head, all he'd seen was an unreasonable amount of differential equations, which was a mystery that would require its own investigation at some point)."Why would they need visual aids?" he had asked rather stupidly. "Would the texts not provide those?""Teaching new and unfamiliar topics to children becomes much easier with pictures," Ilania explained. "Trust me. They have no attention span when it comes to reading."Thus Saturday was spent perusing the library's familiar Dark Magic collections, looking for suitable images to replicate and trying to find a happy medium between "only slightly gruesome" and "nauseatingly disgusting" (and tending to favor the latter – the goal was to keep them interested, wasn't it?).During his fourth trip, as he waded deep into the dusty stacks of the Restricted Section, a voice that was guaranteed to make his day worse called out from behind him."I noticed you did not include the Boggart in your lesson plan."He turned around to see Dumbledore standing at the end of the aisle, a large pile of papers hovering beside him, the look on his face pleasant and friendly and generally annoying."I'm sorry?""I noticed you did not include the Boggart in your lesson plan," Dumbledore repeated."No, sir," Tom said quietly. "As they're magical creatures, I assumed they would be covered in more appropriate classes, like Care of Magical... Creatures..."Dumbledore smiled. "Ah, I'm afraid I must disagree with you, Tom. The Boggart may not be human, but it is certainly not a beast, either. And as they are common in Britain, and their effects Dark in nature, they are perhaps best covered in a class that focuses on defense against such things, like Defense... Against the Dark... Arts."He knew perfectly well that Dumbledore was right, of course. The Boggart was a non-being. But one of his worst memories of Hogwarts was of the day he was forced to face a Boggart in class, in front of everyone, and then deal with the whispers and conversation surrounding him afterwards as his classmates tried to interpret what the hell it was they had seen.Because apparently, at the time, no one at Hogwarts knew what an exploding bomb looked like."How-silly-of-me," he muttered through gritted teeth. "I shall rectify the situation, sir.""Thank you," Dumbledore said politely, nodding his head and strolling off, his stack of papers floating behind him like a loyal but haphazard personal assistant.But that was not the only criticism Tom's apparent Content Parole Officer intended to make, as it turned out."Are you partial to the subject of temporal physics?" Dumbledore had asked after cornering him in the library for a second time that evening.He was sitting at a table that was covered in books and papers, trying to maintain some modicum of composure despite his growing frustration, and it would have been clear to absolutely anyone else that he was far too busy to talk."What?""You moved the topic into the sixth-year curriculum. Typically it is taught in the seventh year. If you have a particularly inventive and innovative method of teaching it that sixth years who have not yet learned about elementary transfigurational physics would be able to understand, then I commend you. Do you have such a method?"Tom sighed, calculating in his mind the logistics of throwing the Killing Curse at Dumbledore in the middle of the library, murdering any witnesses, hiding the bodies, and returning in time to finish his visual aids."Probably not," he said."Ah, I see. In that case-""I'll fix it."Dumbledore gave a satisfied smile – at his own cleverness, most likely – and disappeared in his usual foreboding, needlessly whimsical fashion.In the end Tom decided to acquiesce to Dumbledore's requests, because for every approved topic he would be forced to teach, he had three or four banned ones with which to supplement it.Sunday evening came far too quickly for Tom's liking, and once again he found himself somewhat nervous.To make things worse, Arithmancy - whose name was Peggy, he now knew, despite being determined not to learn anyone's name who wasn't useful to him - ruined his dinner by casually mentioning to him that he would also be required to oversee study halls periodically."Why was I not told this?" he demanded."I don't know," Peggy said with a shrug. "It was all explained to me on my first day. At orientation.""Orientation? You had an orientation?""You didn't?"Tom was livid. "What do I have to do for this ridiculous, useless study hall requirement?""It's simple," she explained, "just check the schedule in the staff room. It will tell you when you are required to be there and where it's being held. But, well…""But?""I should warn you… New teachers are usually expected to take on most of the study halls."Ten minutes later, after abandoning his food and storming through the castle in a poorly contained rage, Tom was staring at the study hall schedule in the staff room.Predictably, the first three weeks had his name beside them. Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday he would be required to take two extra hours out of his schedule to sit in some random classroom and make sure children were doing what they should have been doing in the first place but were apparently too incompetent to be trusted with.And somehow, despite his best efforts and the confused faces of the other teachers in the room, he could not light the schedule on fire, curse it, or explode it out of existence."What're ya doin' there, son?" Tyre asked from the couch by the fire."Trying to destroy the study hall schedule."Tyre nodded. "Aye, we've all been there."It became apparent by Monday morning that Tom would receive no orientation of any kind. He felt like he was being thrown into the middle of the ocean and told to swim to the nearest continent. He supposed that, at the bare minimum, if he managed to keep all his students alive then it would probably be considered a successful year.He had no idea just how lofty that goal really was.Unsurprisingly, he had decided to go with the serious/tough professor approach, with no coddling and no compromise, thinking that strict control over class time would lead to increased dissemination and absorption of content. Or something. The truth of the matter was that the future-Greatest Dark Wizard of All Time had absolutely no idea how to deal with children.His first class that day, which was also his first class, consisted of third year Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors - hardly the most appealing combination. He wrote his name on the board so that he didn't have to waste time telling them who he was, because they certainly weren't getting an introduction, and as the class filed in he handed the roster to someone in the front row."Initial by your names so I know you were here, then pass it along," he instructed."Don't you want to know our names, sir?" a Hufflepuff girl in the second row asked in a flirtatious voice that made him extremely uncomfortable."Not particularly.""Professor Merrythought knew all our names," a Gryffindor boy said.Tom stared at him for a minute. The boy fidgeted uncomfortably under his gaze."I am not Professor Merrythought," he stated. "I do not care what your names are. My job is to ensure that you receive your education in the Dark Arts-""Don't you mean Defense Against-""Defense Against the Dark Arts. Yes, of course." Bloody hell.There was a moment of silence as the roster was passed from student to student.Then the Hufflepuff girl raised her hand, leaning over her desk as if she were trying to get as close to him as possible. "Sir?" she asked."What?""My name's Tilly, sir. I just thought you should know.""Great."She raised her hand again. "Professor? Excuse me, Professor?""What, Tilly?""Do you have a girlfriend?"The class laughed at her, but she did not care in the least, and many of the other girls in the room were now staring at Tom with burning curiosity."That is irrelevant to the matter at hand," he said, forcing himself not to blush through sheer god-like willpower and trying desperately to stifle the impulse to hex anyone that looked at him. Turning an entire class of children into a pile of shrunken heads on the first day was most likely frowned upon. "Can we focus, please?"Tilly did not look dissuaded, but she kept quiet."Now, your second year curriculum left off with blood curses, both genetic and viral, that manifest beast-like qualities - the werewolf, the maledictus, et cetera - so we will pick up there until the basics are understood and we can move on to something more useful."Things were calm after that, and Tom almost managed to get through the entire lesson until he made the mistake of asking if anyone had questions. Then it all fell apart.A short Gryffindor girl raised her hand. "Sir?" she called."Yes?""If two werewolves have sex, and one gets pregnant, does she have wolf cubs? Or a baby?""I don't- why would you even think of-""And sir?" It was a Hufflepuff boy this time. "If a woman gives birth to werewolf cubs, how do they turn human?""Sir, can werewolves crossbreed with dogs?""Is there a chance my rabbit is a maledictus?""Can a maledictus be forced to turn into any animal? Can there be, like, a maledictus that has to turn into a maggot?"The class started talking animatedly and asking questions over each other and Tom had never felt less in control."I will turn the next person that asks a question into a maggot myself," he said, his voice low but threatening enough that they still caught it over the din.They seemed much more intimidated by him after that. Well, except for Tilly, who was inexplicably staring at him with even more longing.However annoying Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors were, they paled in comparison to the Slytherins.Tom knew that Slytherins tended to be a bit full of themselves, but he had no idea just how obnoxious they could get until he had to teach them. It was like talking to a room full of brick walls – pompous, privileged, well-connected brick walls that believed they had any class "in the bag" if it was taught by a former Slytherin.And somehow, despite his loyalty to his house, it gave him the (not entirely irrational) desire to make their lives a living hell.The fourth year Slytherins were arriving and taking their seats while Tom tried to prepare the lesson, and it took a minute for him to notice that a short, stocky boy was standing on the other side of the desk, staring at him like a used broom salesman, offering his hand to shake."Sir," he said in a drawling, high-class voice, "my name is Murray. Wallsend Murray. Brilliant to meet you. Perhaps you know my father Hephaestus? He's the Deputy Undersecretary for Education.""And?" Tom demanded, wondering what the hell kind of sadistic parents would name their child "Wallsend.""And, well, I thought you might have heard of him.""Why would I have heard of him?""Because… he's… the Deputy Undersecretary for Education."Tom stared at him, trying to wrap his head around the astonishing level of arrogance. "Brilliant," he muttered. "And when that becomes relevant to today's lesson, I'll let you know, and you can announce it to the class."The boy sat down looking highly offended.Like the previous lesson, this one also seemed to be doomed from the start. The next question came as the roster was being passed around.A girl at the front raised her hand but did not wait to be called on before speaking. "Sir, are you related, by any chance, to the Bordeaux Riddells of France?" She said the word "France" as if challenging anyone else to outdo her in having impressive foreign contacts."No."Someone else raised their hand. "Professor, weren't you a Slytherin?""Not that it matters, but yes." He wasn't surprised that they had obtained information about him already. Slytherins sought out intelligence on their enemies better than Russian spies.And another. "Professor, is it true that you're a half-""I'm sorry," he interrupted, "is this an interrogation? Or will I be allowed to teach?"Strangely, his tone of warning did not seem to intimidate them as much as it did the third years.Sometime later, a haughty, bored-looking girl interrupted Tom mid-sentence to explain that-"I don't think that's right, Professor. My mother always said that a jinx was worse than a hex, and she should know because she used to work-""Unless your sentence is going to end in 'as a Defense Against the Dark Arts professor,' please stop talking.""But she was an auror. An auror.""Saying it twice doesn't make it any more relevant to this lecture.""But aurors-""No.""But they-""No."The girl eventually resorted to pouting with her arms crossed while staring at him with intense dislike.By the end of the lesson he'd broken up at least two blood purity-related arguments, given the son of the Daily Prophet's Chief Editor detention, and had to explain why one's uncle being on the Board of Governors did not exempt one from homework assignments, all while receiving very disconcerting looks from the girls. At least the fourth years had the decency not to ask him about his marital status. Though, being Slytherins, they probably knew it already.The study hall, in which the only thing students were required to do was sit quietly and read, was perhaps the worst part of Tom's first day, because the only thing the students absolutely refused to do was sit quietly and read.Either forcing the first week's study hall duty on the newest teacher was some kind of hazing ritual, or the universe had specially designed this unique brand of torture just for Tom.As it was the first day of classes, no one had any real assignments to finish, which meant that the entire thing was largely pointless. The students were keenly aware of this. They were scattered throughout the large, high-ceilinged eighth-floor classroom, chatting and carrying on, and a few were even throwing some sort of ball around. Tom's arrival went unnoticed, even as he walked to the front and took a seat at the teacher's desk. Not a single student acknowledged his existence."Sit down, please," he called.No one responded."Sit down," he demanded again.Nothing.In a rare and satisfying moment of clarity, he had an idea. Rather than wasting his time trying to call the room to attention, he raised his wand toward the ceiling, muttered a short incantation, then sat back to enjoy the chaos.The stone archways of the ceiling disappeared as a massive swelling of dark clouds filled the space, growing larger and darker until, finally, rain began to fall. Caught in the sudden downpour, the children scrambled to cover themselves and protect their belongings while Tom conjured a makeshift umbrella and watched them with a smug smile on his face.It got their attention, to say the least."It would be wise," he said, after the rain had stopped and they were finally seated, looking soaked and miserable, "for you to remain quiet for the remainder of this study hall."And they were quiet… for a while.But children were children, and before long they were whispering to each other and passing notes and quickly sliding up the scale from somewhat tolerable to generally insufferable again. He managed to confiscate a few of the notes and decided to read them out loud just to reiterate who had command of the room."Let us see what is so important you felt the need to break my rules." He held up the first note. "'Who is he? Is he even a teacher?'" he read. "Hm, no. I just really like sitting at the front of the room because it makes me feel important."He read another one. "'Is that the new DADA professor?' Bully for you, you're observant."And another. "'DADA is a… dish.'" A considerable amount of snickering and giggling occurred after that. "Well, thank you for that, I suppose. Would anyone else like to comment on my appearance?"He'd said it sarcastically. It was supposed to be sarcasm.But several hands went into the air."The next person that makes a noise will receive an inordinately painful amount of detentions," he said, trying not to appear embarrassed. "You are at school. Sit and read.""But sir?" called an older boy from the back who obviously had no concern for his own safety. "We don't have anything to read yet. It's the beginning of the term.""Then sit and stare at the bloody wall."Within twenty minutes the room had begun to fill with whispers and chatter again, and Tom reverted to the only method that seemed to work.The next morning Slughorn stopped him in the hallway, looking confused."Er, Tom, I hate to ask, but-""Yes?""You didn't happen to, er… conjure a thunderstorm on top of the Monday night study hall, did you?""I did.""Twice?""Yes.""May I ask why?""Because they deserved it."Slughorn winced. "I see, I see… Well, I must be honest, Tom, violent weather phenomena are not on our list of approved disciplinary practices, but I commend your creativity. Anyway, I know study halls can be quite a chore, and I do regret having to put your name down for the first week-""You made the schedule?"He shrugged. "It's one of the few things Dumbledore trusts me with. Though, I admit I'd very much prefer not having to do it.""Such a trivial administrative task is not worth your time, sir. I can take it on, if you like.""Are you sure?" Slughorn appeared intrigued and concerned at the same time. "It's quite tedious.""I don't mind. Is the entire teaching staff eligible for study hall duty?""Yes. Well, everyone except Dippet, which is understandable, you know."Tom smiled. "It won't be a problem, Horace. I'll take care of it."There were a number of impressive achievements of which Tom was proud, of course: he'd opened the Chamber of Secrets; he'd made multiple Horcruxes, which no one had done before; and he'd even successfully framed someone for murder. Twice. But never had he felt more satisfied than when he had managed to obtain control of study hall duty, which he decided he would wield like a deadly weapon of agonizing inconvenience against anyone that annoyed him. Anyone.a/n: "Dish" = 1940s slang for attractiveto I. M. Amage: What does Dumbledore have against von Neumann? We may find out… Alternatively, we may not.to marvynthephoenix: Is it Tom/Minerva? lol. Let's just say… lol. vOv…lol
