I watched the countryside flash by as I sat on the train, the sway of the train almost lulling me to sleep. It was the first of September, and I was yet again on the Hogwarts Express, on my way back to the school. Another year beginning, and I didn't know how I felt about it. This year, I was a fifth year, which would bring my OWL levels. I looked over to my housemates in another compartment. Sometimes I wondered why the sorting hat put me in Ravenclaw. Yes, I was smart, but I wasn't as into my studies as the rest of my house.I grew up as a muggle. My parents owned a tiny antique shop and tea room not far from our little cottage in Southend-on-Sea. I would spend hours reading books by the seaside, since I had few friends. Everyone had always thought I was weird since I loved reading and imagining things. Even my teachers in my muggle school thought I daydreamed too much about books and adventures.When my Hogwarts letter and a representative from the ministry showed up, my parents thought it was some elaborate joke on my behalf, that I had imagined it all and gotten strange adults to come over and join in on the prank. They thought it was very creative, but told me the jokes needed to stop. When the ministry official insisted it was true, they began to get angry, but then the official pulled out her wand and showered us with gold sparks that reminded me of stars.Things began to fall into place, and what we thought was "super-efficiency" was actually magic. I myself couldn't explain why the dishes were done so fast, or my room clean or my homework done. It was exciting, in all truthfulness. To know there could be some truth in fairy tales, to know that adventures like what I read about in books were possible…it made me feel that this life, this world had so many more secrets to divulge.There was a knock at my compartment door, and I saw Rose Weasley and Albus Potter grinning at me, already in their Gryffindor and Slytherin robes. I noticed they both had shiny prefect badges, too. My heart soared when I saw the faces of my two best friends. In all honesty, I was incredibly jealous of them. They could spend breaks together, and yet I couldn't be with them. It wasn't that they couldn't come over or I couldn't go to their houses. It was that I lived almost two hours' drive away, and Mum and Dad couldn't close the shop to drive me there. It was hard enough for us to get to London to get me to King's Cross for the train, and there was no point in them coming up to my home. Since my family was muggles, our grate wasn't connected to the floo network, and it seemed like their parents were always incredibly busy saving the world every day.I gave them both huge hugs as they entered, shouting in delight. I had missed them so much. Over the summer their owls had been frequent visitors of my house, as mine had been at theirs. So much had happened over the summer: Albus's friend Scorpius had visited the family and convinced the Potter-Weasley clan that at least one Malfoy had some sense of decency. Not saying he was a complete charmer to me, but to the Potters and Weasleys he was incredibly polite, if not friendly. Hugo had discovered girls and was hopelessly smitten with a third year Hufflepuff.After we finished our "I missed yous" and "it's so good to see you agains," we sat down, and Rose accidentally knocked my book off the seat. "Oh, I'm so sorry! Here, let me get—" but she was cut off when a streak of silver bent down and retrieved the book first."I believe this is yours," a familiar, cool voice said as he held the book out to me. My heart flew to my throat and I took it from Scorpius Malfoy, my hands starting to tremble. I didn't want him to ridicule me for my book. That was the only thing about me he hadn't ridiculed me for yet. I took my book back, cradling it as gently as I could. It was old, one of the first editions. Mum and Dad had given it to me on my tenth birthday when someone came in selling their father's books after he died.I felt his eyes burning me as I looked away while Rose greeted him and chatted away. I didn't want to see the look of disgust only I would recognize. He knew I was Rose and Albus's friend. He was theirs. He didn't want to let his feelings towards me taint their friendship with himself or me. I guess he was decent for that one reason.My surprise was when he came in, sat down across from me, and asked "'The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien.' What's that about?""It—it's about um, these creatures called hobbits. This one particular hobbit, Bilbo, goes off with a wizard and twelve dwarfs on an adventure to regain stolen treasure from a dragon." I could feel myself turning bright red. "It was written by a muggle."I chanced a look at him. Those icy blue eyes bore into me with a look of hatred, and I felt ice in my stomach. He was probably going to want to wash his hands to rid himself of the "impurities" my book had given him.I decided to look out the window in case I started crying. No one would see, and I didn't want to give Malfoy the satisfaction of letting him know he'd hurt me. I heard the boys talking about quidditch, about how Slytherin would win the cup this year. Once again, I felt like I was eight and in the school yard, clutching my book as my life vest.The boys surrounded me, blocking my light. I looked up from my book, and a slight breeze blew a stray wisp of hair into my face from my pigtails. One of the boys took the book from me and ripped page after page out, throwing them into a puddle of mud that was nearby. The boys were cheering and calling me names, the least of which was "bookworm." I didn't mind the name, but I minded how they were using the term. I was incredibly upset about the book. My parents had given it to me yesterday for my birthday. I'd savored the smell of new paper, the ink, the feel of the paper on my fingertips. Now my schoolmates were destroying what little happiness I'd had."Knut for your thoughts?" I heard Rose say. I snapped back to reality, realizing my face was wet with tears. Looking around and noticing Scorpius was gone, I quickly wiped it away and gave a shaky laugh."Oh, just dusty in here. Anyway, which class are you most excited for this year? I think I'm excited for arithmancy," I said with a fake, bright voice and a smile plastered on my face.Rose gave me a long look, but smiled to cover for me. "Katherine Gull, I know you wonder why you're in Ravenclaw, and I just want you to know you're not alone in that thought." I joined her giggles and gossip as the train pulled into the Hogsmeade station."Katherine Gull, I know you wonder why you're in Ravenclaw, and I just want you to know you're not alone in that thought."The girls laughed, and I wondered why. What was so funny about her being in Ravenclaw? I walked down the train corridor to where I knew some Slytherins were, visiting various friends along the way. It was so much easier to pretend to be the person my father wanted me to be with them than to be myself with Rose and Albus when around Katherine. I just needed to get my robes on and focus on this upcoming year. This was the year for OWLs, and I absolutely had to get almost all Os so I could be a professor.It was difficult sometimes. I hated living a double life, where I had to outwardly hate people based off their blood status. I hated it because I felt terrible every time. I wanted to be friendly to Katherine desperately. I also knew I was scrutinized more than most students, given who my parents are."Scorpius…" I heard a girl purr in the corridor behind me. Oh Merlin, not now. I winced and turned to see Violet Baldric, a Slytherin fourth year, behind me, smiling. The girl didn't know how to take no for an answer, and I was too polite to say what I really wanted to her. I didn't want to create house drama. I smiled, said hello, and walked away. I could imagine the pout she had on her face. It almost gave me a gleeful feeling.I managed to finish pulling my robes on just in time to get off the train. Joining the rest of my quidditch team mates, we discussed the other houses' teams and whether or not we thought we'd beat them.Once we were seated in the Great Hall, Professor McGonagall made her usual speech, the first years were sorted, and the tables filled with food. Sizing up the first years, I made a mental list of who might, in a year's time, be good additions to the team. Albus was next to me and making the same kind of list. We compared them and found they were almost identical. The feast ended and we were sent to bed.It's good to be back, I thought, as I drifted off to sleep.I stared at the blue canopy, waiting for all the girls to finally go to sleep. I quietly slid out of bed, put on my shoes, and walked across the room. I needed to walk quickly, silently, and in total darkness if I didn't want to be caught by Filch. I managed to make it to the seventh-floor corridor to the Room of Requirement without getting caught. Albus and Rose joined me a few minutes later with food they'd nicked from the kitchens. It was time for the fourth annual "Back to School, Rule-Breaking Extravaganza," as we'd childishly named it in our second year."You know, Al," I started, mouth full of treacle, "I've never understood why, when your dad got rid of the only person who really mattered in that movement, there's still 'pureblood elitists' around.""Oh, come off it. Scorpius isn't one!" he said in defense of his friend, even though he knew it was true. I threw a chicken bone at him and Rose laughed."I never mentioned Scorpius Malfoy's name," I retorted, and he shot me a look. "Well, I didn't!""Oh, come off it, Katherine, you've got it in for him. The temperature drops about ten degrees when you two are in the same room." Rose gave me a pointed look, and I held up my hands defensively."Pardon me, but I don't exactly have the luxury of being the children of the three saviors of the wizarding world. He treats me differently." I took another spoon of treacle."Well, if he does, I don't think it's so much the movement as it's the way he was raised," Rose said. "It's like that muggle story Mum used to teach us. The Ugly Duckling? Well, Scorpius is still the duckling. Someday he'll become the swan."I contemplated this. She had a good point.But how long until he became that swan?

I yelled as I swung with all my might at the bludger, similar to a tennis player. I sent it flying away from Carl's head as he threw the quaffle through one of the hoops, which were unprotected because our keeper was serving detention for disrupting muggle studies with some fireworks from Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. It was the first quidditch practice of the year, and it felt good to be flying and holding my club again. Being a beater was great for me. It gave me an outlet to work out my frustrations."Great job, Gull! Keep it up!" our captain shouted. I nodded and swerved out of the way of one of the chasers. I looked over at the hill by the quidditch pitch and saw two boys in black and green robes watching from below.I whistled. "We've got company! Slytherins!"A couple of us flew down to find Scorpius and Albus, who were both laughing as we touched ground."What the hell do you think you're doing, Potter? Malfoy?" Carl yelled. I stood next to Albus, my beater's club aimed at his head. I grinned and winked at him. He grinned back. He opened his mouth, but Scorpius answered before he could get any words out."Just trying to watch a quidditch team attempt to play with a mudblood on the team." Scorpius gave me a smug look, and I pulled out my wand."You arsehole! Think you're being funny, do you? Oh, I'll show you a real laugh!" I yelled as I started to aim my wand to hex him. My team mates pulled me back, and Albus separated us."Alright, let's just calm down. Scorpius, that was uncalled for, and you know it. Katherine, I know it hurts, and I'm so sorry. Don't ruin your perfect record. We were only here as a joke. We aren't really spying, we just wanted to have a little tease, that's all. Scorpius went too far, I apologize, and now we're going." Albus seemed to know all the right words. I shook my team mates off of me and put my wand back in my robes. Malfoy just smirked and muttered "coward." Before anyone could stop me, I'd tackled Malfoy to the ground and held my club against his chin."Trust me on this, Malfoy. This isn't over. I will make you suffer one day. You don't want me to play nice anymore about this? You get what you want." The smirk on his face only grew."Kitty's got claws, hmm?" he murmured where only I could hear. I tossed my club to the side and raised a fist, bringing it down sharply onto one of his eyes.Albus pulled me off of Malfoy. "Katherine, stop. You're not making anything better. Cut it out!" I mounted my broom and flew off."Scorpius, what the hell was that all about?"I threw myself onto the couch and closed my eyes, holding a cool compress to my face. I hadn't wanted to go to Madame Pomfrey, because she would've asked questions I didn't want to answer, and I was a terrible liar. Albus kept asking the same question over and over again. I was getting really annoyed, and I didn't know if I was annoyed more with him repeating himself or with myself."Scorpius, what—""God, Potter, shut up! Does it really matter? You saw what happened." I opened my eyes and looked at him. He looked like someone had just used a stunning spell on him."Does it matter? Scorpius, she may not be a Slytherin, and she may be a muggle-born, but she's my friend. She's Rose's friend. I'd expect you to at least be decent to her around us. And by decent, I mean not calling her a mudblood. Believe it or not, it hurts Rose when you call Katherine that, because that's what your father called Rose's mother when they were students."I knew that. I'd hated using that word around Rose, seeing the hurt in her eyes. But I had to keep up appearances."Look, Al, I'm sorry, but it's the way I was raised. My family has prided itself for centuries on having a pure bloodline. No muggle-borns, no squibs. No marriage with muggles. If they married a muggle-born or muggle, they were disowned for not respecting the prestige of our family. Do you ever think that sometimes I feel we go too far? But then I remember we're Malfoys, and with that name we command respect from all."I took a deep breath. Sometimes, the lies didn't really feel like they were worth it. He was my best mate, after all. We weren't as noble as we said we were. Sometimes I detested my family, but I knew what was expected of me. No muggles. No muggle-borns. No squibs. No friendship with any of the three, and certainly no romance. Ever.I got into trouble when I went on autopilot. I walked a very fine line every day, acting the way my father would want, acting a way that was acceptable to Rose and Albus, and always suppressing how I truly felt.No one would believe or respect a Malfoy not caring about blood status. Not while my father was alive, anyway. I had distant cousins in the school, so I had no idea who was watching and writing letters to Father. I knew he probably had spies reporting back to him."Scorp," Albus said, looking at the green flames in the fireplace, "I know that's what your family says. I also know that my parents, aunts, and uncles risked their very lives trying to create a world for us that didn't require blood status. A couple of them died trying to create that world. I know I can't change your mind or that of your parents. All I'm asking is that you're civil to Katherine around myself and Rose and that you don't call her a mudblood."I nodded. I just had to be civil around Albus and Rose. Surely Father's spies wouldn't see anything suspicious about that.I was in the library when the thump of books being thrown onto the table told me that a certain Weasley was now with me."Hello, Rose," I said, not looking up from my arithmancy essay. It was only the second day of term, and Professor Bollingsworth was already giving out essay assignments. Twelve inches on how we might use arithmancy in our future careers. How on Earth was I supposed to know that when I didn't know what career I wanted to work towards?"Mind telling me what the bloody hell happened at the pitch today?" she hissed at me. I kept writing."Well, we spotted Albus and Malfoy watching us. We flew down, Malfoy called me a mudblood and a coward, and I reacted. That's what happened."Rose grabbed my hand, causing my ink to smudge a few lines. Great, now I would have to rewrite my whole damn essay."Katherine, you're my friend. What Scorpius said to you was awful. But at the same time, Scorpius is my friend, and I can't choose between two friends. I'm not picking sides. I will say this, though. You need to ignore him and be the bigger person. Don't let him know he's hurt you!""That's well and easy for you to say, Rose Weasley, since you're not a muggle-born and he can't call you a mudblood. He can't hurt you the way he can hurt me. It's easy for you to say 'be the bigger person,' but in reality I can't do it as easily as saying it. I dealt with the teasing for being different for ten years. I was told that I would be accepted for who I was here. Instead, what do I find? A group of people who are exactly like the ones I left behind, and why? Because my parents weren't the right kind of people. You'll never have that problem, Rose."She sat staring at me with tears in her eyes. "I was only trying to help you. You think I don't get grief for who my parents are? Imagine what Scorpius's parents said when they found out his best mate was the son of Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley. That his cousins were the children of Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. The four of them together put most of Scorpius's family in Azkaban. We got plenty of grief. You know, once you get to know him, Scorpius is actually a really nice, kind, and caring person." I laughed at that."Rose, listen to yourself. Does calling someone a 'mudblood' sound nice, kind, and caring? I'll never get to know him because he doesn't want to know me."She shook her head. "I know, Kate. But it's like that muggle Anne Frank said about the people who were trying to kill her: 'deep down, I believe all people are inherently good.'"I shook my head. She was playing the Anne Frank card on me. "Alright, so maybe. Why are you friends with him? I know he's Albus's best mate, but why you?"She smiled and laughed. "Oh Lord. Let's see, it was…what, first year? Yes. First year. Some third years had stolen my book bag and were playing keep-away. Scorpius got my bag back for me. We became friends.""As simple as that?""As simple as that."I groaned, banging my head on the table. Rose caught me by my still-wet ponytail, which she didn't expect. She let go with an "eww…" and wiped her hand off on my robes. My head made an unexpected bump on the table."Oww! What? It's just water from the showers. What did you expect? I just came from practice!" We giggled and packed our things up. We headed to the Great Hall arm in arm, but sadly separated to go to our respective tables.I found an empty seat by some people I was on friendlier terms than others. None of them said hello to me, but one girl looked up and smiled at me. She lived in the dormitory with me, and she was a very sweet, very shy girl. She quickly returned to her book and I served my plate, and still, no one had said a single word. I decided to break the silence. Turning to the girl next to me, I said "So, Amy, how was History of Magic?"She looked up at me from her food and gave me a look that said "why are you disrupting my eating?" I turned back to my food, wishing my team mates further down the table had saved me a seat at dinner. I ate my dinner as fast as I could and got up to join Rose at the Gryffindor table."Oh thank God, people who actually speak!" I said as I sat down. I was talking and laughing with my friends when I felt like I was being watched. I looked up and saw Scorpius Malfoy staring at me. I felt myself turning red, but I couldn't look away. He nodded his head towards the door and got up. I watched him walk to the door."Rose, I'll see you in the library, alright?" I said, watching Scorpius. She looked confused, but agreed to meet me. I picked up my bag and walked towards the doors. What the hell did Malfoy want with me?I opened the door and looked around. I saw him looking at portraits on a staircase. I stood a few stairs below him and he saw me out of the corner of his eye."Look, Gull, I don't want to make this anymore unpleasant than it needs to be. You just apologize for what happened earlier today, and we'll just go on trying to ignore each other the best we can."I looked at him, my jaw dropping. I could not believe I was hearing this. He wanted me to apologize for my reaction to what he said to me?"You have the audacity," I hissed, "to tell me to apologize? After what you called me? After I've done nothing to you to deser—""Oh, you do deserve it!" he said, a bit loud, finally looking at me. He came down the stairs to my level. "You think that you have a right to be here, do you? Well let me tell you, you may be able to do some magic, but you will never be worth anything in our world. The fact that your kind exists is the only reason we have problems in our world. If you mudbloods would just stay out, we wouldn't have any problems!"His words rang in my ears and his eyes were cold. He kept glancing over to a group of Slytherins over in the hall at the bottom of the stairs. I could feel tears starting to form. No! Katherine Elizabeth Gull, you will NOT cry in front of Malfoy! He doesn't deserve the satisfaction!I tried to blink back a tear, but it fell. I quickly wiped it away. "Well, Malfoy, if that's how you and your family and all the rest of your pureblooded friends feel, why don't you go off and start your own school?" I started walking down the stairs, but I turned back. "You know? I thought you would try to put in a little effort to try and be civil to me, if only for Rose and Albus' sakes. I know I do." With that, I turned and walked away towards the library.
