Chapter 1James Potter was in the library. Yes, the library. The few that were in there kept shooting him odd glances, but he paid no mind to them. Tomorrow night was the first full moon, he and the rest of the marauders would be helping Moony, and there was something off.He didn't think it was anything extreme, he just thought Remus was hiding something from them.This morning when they had asked him the plan for tomorrow night, he told them, "Come to the shrieking shack at 8:00 in your animagus forms."Of course this would have sounded normal, if it wasn't for the fact that Remus usually left a little before six.So James Potter was in the library, looking in the books on werewolves.All he had found was the normal stuff he already knew. Of course most of it was false, as he looked at the words "werewolves are monsters full moon or not, they are heartless creatures with a human mask on their face." He scoffed. None of these people had ever met a werewolf and even if they had all they did was shun them.Thinking about his friend's instructions he realized the only reason they needed to be in their animagus forms was if Moony was transformed. So finding a book about werewolves on full moons, he started idling flipping through pages. Then a passage in a tiny script caught his eye."Younger werewolves have a worse life expectancy, based on the fact that the transformations differ. It is known that worse transformations occur at the beginning of a new werewolves life.Those who are bitten 18 months or more before their 18 birthday have bad transformations until then. Those bitten 17 months or less before their 18 birthday have bad transformations until then, plus seventeen more. And those bitten after their eighteenth birthday have 18 bad transformations."And that was when it hit James. Remus didn't want them seeing his transformation!Dashing out of the library and ignoring Madam Pince's calls of rage, James headed toward the dormitory. He realized he probably should of figurfed this out sooner, but his ego was to big to call himself dumb. Flinging himself across the halls, into the common room, and racing up the stairs to the dormitory.Seeing only Sirius and Remus, James realized Peter must be in Divination (the rest of them had gotten advice to steer clear from the subject) but he decided he could tell Peter later. Remus looked very pale, and had a disgruntled expression on his face, but this was not something new. Nodding curtly at Sirius's friendly greeting, he raced over to his werewolf friend's side."Moony, I was in the library earlier today…" James trailed off as Sirius made a derisive snort of laughter. Turning to glare at his best mate, James sent him a look that plainly said this wasn't the time. Sirius looked slightly taken aback at his friends glare but decided this was probably important."I came across a passage, while reading one of the Dark Arts books for my essay you all have finished." James covered up easily, not wanting his friend to know why he was in the library (He had finished that essay the night before but they didn't need to know that). Remus was looking warily at him now, and James decided it was best to get straight to the point and not test his friend's already strained temper."It says there is a difference in transformations, and because you're not eighteen yet, you would have the worse end of it." SIrius turned to look at James, shocked, but the both saw Remus pale (even more than he was before) drastically."So what!" Remus snapped. James took a good look at Remus and decided he looked like a cornered animal."So I want you to tell us what you are hiding, and why you don't want us to see your transformation!" James told him."Why should I! It's not your business!" Remus snarled at them.James stood his ground. "Because it became our business when we found out about your furry little problem, and became animagi for you!" James shouted at him. "We said we would support you, but how are we supposed to do that if you're keeping another thing from us! What's so bad about your transformations that you have to hide from us!""I-I just don't want to talk about it! And if you don't see it I don't have to talk about it! It will get better in a few years!" Remus stuttered."So there is something you're hiding from us Moony? You don't trust us enough to help you?" Sirius said hurt."So what if I am!""We will come with you to the shrieking shack and not at 8:00, or you tell us and we decide to let you be, or still come with you to the shrieking shack at 8:00." James tossed out. But his hard stare told Remus all he needed to know."No you will not! I don't want you there!""Why though?" Sirius whispered."B-because I don't want you guys to see me so weak," Remus whispered so quietly they could barely hear him. "I'm already showing you the side that I hate, why should I let you see me at my weakest?""Because we won't use that weakness against you, only help you overcome that weakness, so that you don't feel so weak." Sirius wrapped his arm around Remus's shoulders, and James nodded.Sighing Remus gave up. "Once I pass a certain age, transformations are still painful but they happen within one moment. The reason a werewolves transformation is worse in the beginning is to let the body adjust to having another entity, and the pain of a regular transformation, and if you are bitten when younger, your body is always growing, so that entity keeps having to change. Once you get closer to that certain age my transformations will get worse, as they already have. When I was younger my transformations used to last for about an hour, already my transformation takes around two hours and ten minutes. It starts when my limbs start twitching, and that usually just starts with a fingertip, and that's when I'll leave. Last time it took about an hour for everything to start twitching. Then… e-every single bone in my body breaks, only to transform, reform, break at dawn, and then reform." He finished quietly, but the two boys in the room with him heard him loud and clear in the deafening silence of the room."We're definitely coming with you," James said finally."No! I've learned to deal with it on my own, and I don't want you to be asking if I'm alright every minute, or giving me pity! I deal with it, and I will continue to deal with it! Remus snarled at them, before heading towards his bed, shutting the hangings, and pulling the covers over his head.James raised an eyebrow at Sirius and he nodded. They would follow Remus in the invisibility cloak, which unfortunately would mean Peter would end up coming at 8:00 because they had outgrown the cloak. (AN: Sorry I just really hate Peter and I would not be able to write his character in human form.) When at the shrieking shack, they would give Remus support, but try to refrain from giving him pity, or asking if he was okay. Sirius jerked his head towards the door, James shrugged and they walked out of the dorms.Sirius conjured a picnic basket, as they rushed to the kitchens. They would get some food for them and Remus, and then put some smell hiding charms so Remus wouldn't find out, and then James would grab the invisibility cloak and they would wait by the front door of the castle. And so they did.
