Kingsley Shacklebolt was a brilliant Auror, one of the best the Ministry has had to offer. He led a lonely life, often fully immersing himself in his duties. Until one day, that is.That day, he was sent to Little Whinging per the request of the Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge. Not only did he not have any idea as to what he was doing here, he didn't know what he was supposed to be doing, either. What Kingsley understood, was that it was a top-security mission, and he was to tell no one about it.With these thoughts, he went on a walk around the city, to examine the setting of his mission.A while later, he wandered into a small neighborhood with identical houses, all pristine, all with rectangular-shaped hedges. Definitely not a place for a wizarding police officer to be. Just as Auror Shacklebolt was about to withdraw from the place so boring, so normal, he spotted him.A small boy with a torn backpack, no older than 6, was limping along the road. Wearing clothes a few sizes too big, he looked like a moving contradistinction. An imperfection amongst all the rectangular rosebushes and gleaming driveways. No wonder why the boy stood out to his eye.To get a closer look, Kingsley careened towards the boy. Skinny fingers, coming out of the sleeves, messy mop of hair on top of his head that seemed to have suffered a poor attempt at a haircut, worn shoes, and, the limp was ever the more noticeable.Against his better judgement, he cleared his throat. The boy jumped, and as if readying for an escape, his eyes scanned the surroundings wildly.'Good afternoon.' What could Kingsley even say?'H-hello,' was the timid response. The boy looked up, revealing his whole face. Kingsley fought the urge to gasp. Wide, green eyes, crooked glasses, and an untamable mess of a hair — he looked just like James Potter, though thinner and with different eyes. Kingsley remembered him well — a graduate of the Ministry's training program, at the times when he himself was a Junior Auror.'...''Am I in trouble?' the boy, no, James' son, blurted out before clamming his mouth shut. And his eyes, the memories associated with them had mostly come from his year as a Head Boy — first year Lily Evans had occasionally approached him with a request of assistance.'No-No, of course not,' he instantly looked relieved, if a little wary. 'Why would you be?'
