On the very last day of the summer holidays, the book lists arrived."About time," Ron whined, handing Harry his letter.Harry, being more preoccupied with his current task (sweeping owls dropping off the floor) than his booklist, proceeded to clean up the mess.After about a minute after he finally noticed that Ron had gone completely, eerily, silent. Harry quickly turned to the other corner of the room, hoping that his friend hadn't spotted any more enormous spiders.Instead of seeing the huge arachnids, however, Harry noticed a red and gold pin resting in Ron's hand."I'm Pre-Prefect," Ron stuttered, looking at Harry.Harry felt an odd twist of emotion. It was a bit of pride, a swoop of jealousy, and an urge to better himself by stealing Ron's title.Harry blinked, how could he think such things about his best mate? He understood that Ron deserved this, and even though he felt a pang of jealousy now, he reminded himself that he hadn't cared enough to even remember that the badges were being given out this summer.Harry looked back to Ron, who seemed to be frozen in shock.It was then that Fred and George appeared in the room."Dumbledore's got a new defense teacher-" said Fred, in a vague air of greeting."About time too" added George."Reckon that's why the lists came so late?" queried Harry, jumping up from the bed he had unconsciously sat on."I assume so, what with what we-"-accidentally""heard from Mum and Dad a few weeks back."Harry cocked an eyebrow, the likelihood of Fred and George just happening to cross Mrs. and Mr. Weasley chatting was slim, and Harry suspected the extendable ears had played a part."Dumbledore was having a right bit of trouble when finding a teacher this year, most think it's cursed," George explained.Harry counted them off."One's dead, one quit, one's memory removed, one locked in a trunk for nine months, Yah, I see the pattern."It was then that the twins noticed the lone red-head who was gazing at his letter."What's up with""-Ronikins?" asked the twins curiously.George snatched the paper from his younger brother's frozen hands."Prefect?" George screeched."No way," said Fred in a hushed voice."This-""Can't-"" be!""There's been a mistake," Ron whispered, "I shouldn't be a prefect, Harry should"The red-heads turned to Harry, urging him to open his Hogwarts letter for reasons unknown. After all, Ron was already prefect, but Harry obliged anyway.He broke the wax seal on his envelope and began to read.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. PotterWe are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.The term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Deputy Headmistress.Harry gaped. The letter itself was nothing remarkable, it had a familiar parchment, familiar seal, and a familiar greeting.The thing that was eerie about it was that it was too familiar, in fact, it was the exact same format of his very first Hogwarts letter.Sure enough, after Harry had re-read the letter a few times, the dreaded words began to sink in, or to say, had succeeded in hypnotizing Harry to gawk for a full two minutes before the parchment was stolen by the twins."We are pleased to inform you" George read out loud"-That you have been accepted at Hogwarts school.."he trailed off."Accepted?" Fred echoed.Even Ron had broken out his trance to goggle at harry.With a crack, Fred disappeared, leaving George, Harry, and Ron alone.A moment later he reappeared, Mrs. Weasley, and Sirius in tow."What's so important you had to drag me from feeding buckbeak?" Sirius asked, his voice a mix of bitterness and excitement.George forked over Harry's letter. Harry watched Sirius's expression as he read the page. His godfather passed the letter to Mrs. Weasley before disappearing down the stairs, presumably to go investigate the problem."Harry dear, are you sure this is yours?" asked Ron's mum."Well, it has his name on it," pointed out Fred."Yes, I suppose it does," Mrs. Weasley muttered, "Harry dear, you and Ron go have some breakfast, Sirius is writing to Dumbledore and we'll see what happens next"Fred and George rolled their eyes once before disappearing with a crack.[HP HP HP]"What do you mean I was recorded guilty!" Harry yelled at McGonagall the next morning."The ministry had managed to expel you and remove you from student records," the stern woman answered. "There wasn't much permanent damage, as dumbledore managed to reverse the jurisdiction once he'd arrived; the only problem was the fact that you were permanently removed from the Gryffindor lists."The words 'permanently removed' rang in Harry's mind. He gaped at the woman, willing himself not to burst into tears.Harry knew he had barely escaped Slytherin last time, and he was not sure he could pull it off again. McGonagall, however, did not look frightened in the slightest."It's not a big deal, Mr. Potter," said his teacher, sensing Harry's discomfort. "The most difficult parts shall be left for dumbledore and the order to work out, all you have to do is put on the hat and be re-sorted"It was then that McGonagall stopped talking for the first time in half an hour. She raised an eyebrow, silently asking if Harry had any questions."What if I'm not sorted into Gryffindor?" asked Harry nervously."If sorted into another house, you shall join and be treated as any other student. It's not much of a problem Mr. Potter" McGonagall told him. "Besides, you were sorted into my house once and I sincerely doubt you shall be leaving it now."Harry sighed, if only he had the same confidence.

The trip to Hogwarts was uneventful and quiet. Ron and Hermione, being prefects, had joined their fellows in a special compartment, leaving Harry alone.Originally, he had considered joining compartments with Ginny or even Neville, but now that he was faced with a choice, he decided to keep to himself.He slid open a door, assuming it was empty, only to see Malfoy sitting by himself. The blond, with his slicked-back hair and impeccably clean clothes, had his head in his hands and seemed to be sniffling.Of course, Harry only had a fraction of a second to observe the sight before Malfoy had caught view of him."Potter," He sneered. Harry sighed, he wasn't in the mood for any duels, especially with the peculiar feeling that had surfaced in the pit of his stomach. Harry stepped closer and felt the sensation double. He continued towards Malfoy."Potter?" The boy asked confusedly.Harry followed the feeling to the Slytherin's trunk. It was coming from inside."What have you got in that trunk?" Harry asked suspiciously, wondering if Malfoy had managed to bring a dark artifact onto the train.For a moment he saw the boy pale, but it was over so quickly that Harry didn't know if it was a trick of his eye."Nothing that concern's you Potter" Sneered Malfoy, regaining his normal posture.Harry was faced with two options. He could either search Draco's trunk, resulting in a duel or worse; or leave, seeing as he had no solid proof.Harry's self-preservation won out and he chose the latter. Self-preservation, Harry thought dully, was a Slytherin trait.Harry felt a new feeling, stress, bubble up. What would he do if the sorting hat decided to put him in Slytherin?[HP HP HP]Soon the train reached Hogsmeade station and Harry walked off. As he did so he heard Hagrid calling out for the first years.Harry supposed he should be happy he was spared the humiliation of rowing with the eleven-year-olds again, though he couldn't feel much, at the moment, besides worry."Harry!" Hermione called, running towards him, Ron trailing behind. "We couldn't find you on the train! Ginny said she hadn't seen you at all!""Oh, sorry Hermione, I didn't join Ginny," Harry told her sheepishly, "I sat alone."His two friends exchanged worried looks."Is this about the sorting?" Ron asked him, eyeing Harry's queasy expression.It was the most Harry could do to nod."Don't worry mate! You'll be in Gryffindor, I know you will." Ron said."Yes, you seemed quite sure enough to bet an entire galleon on harry's outcome" Hermione mumbled dryly, obviously not thinking harry could hear her."What?" Harry asked "Betting? What are you talking about?"Hermione and Ron turned pink."Well, the majority of the students had heard from their relatives that you were getting resorted, Harry," Hermione explained tentatively."And they were running a bet and I put down one galleon you would be in Gryffindor." Ron blurted. Hermione glared at him.Harry's worry doubled again. Ron had never had much money, and if he had spent an entire galleon on an event that Harry didn't think would happen, he would lose a lot.Hermione seemed to sense what Harry was thinking because she immediately began to comfort him."It wasn't allowed!" She said stiffly. "I couldn't take any points away either, seeing as we were surrounded by prefects" Harry nodded appreciatively."It's fine, I'll be in Gryffindor," Harry said, offering a weak smile.Ron and Hermione grinned at him and joined Neville, Ginny, and a blond girl on the next carriage.Harry didn't speak for the entire ride.

In times of old when I was newAnd Hogwarts barely startedThe founders of our noble schoolThought never to be parted:United by a common goal,They had the selfsame yearning,To make the world's best magic schoolAnd pass along their learning."Together we will build and teach!"The four good friends decidedAnd never did they dream that theyMight someday be divided,For were there such friends anywhereAs Slytherin and Gryffindor?Unless it was the second pairOf Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw?So how could it have gone so wrong?How could such friendships fail?Why I was there and so can tellThe whole sad, sorry tale.Said Slytherin, "We'll teach just thoseWhose ancestry is purest."Said Ravenclaw, "We'll teach those whoseIntelligence is surest."Said Gryffindor, "We'll teach all thoseWith brave deeds to their name,"Said Hufflepuff, "I'll teach the lot,And treat them just the same."These differences caused little strifeWhen first they came to light,For each of the four founders hadA House in which they mightTake only those they wanted, so,For instance, SlytherinTook only pure-blood wizardsOf great cunning, just like him,And only those of sharpest mindWere taught by RavenclawWhile the bravest and the boldestWent to daring Gryffindor.Good Hufflepuff, she took the rest,And taught them all she knew,Thus the Houses and their foundersRetained friendships firm and true.So Hogwarts worked in harmonyFor several happy years,But then discord crept among usFeeding on our faults and fears.The Houses that, like pillars four,Had once held up our school,Now turned upon each other and,Divided, sought to rule.And for a while it seemed the schoolMust meet an early end,What with dueling and with fightingAnd the clash of friend on friendAnd at last there came a morningWhen old Slytherin departedAnd though the fighting then died outHe left us quite downhearted.And never since the founders fourWere whittled down to threeHave the Houses been unitedAnd they once were meant to be.And now the Sorting Hat is hereAnd you all know the score:I sort you into HousesBecause that is what I'm for,But this year I'll go further,Listen closely to my song:Though condemned I am to split youStill I worry that it's wrong,Though I must fulfill my dutyAnd must quarter every yearStill I wonder whether sortingMay not bring the end I fear.Oh, know the perils, read the signs,The warning history shows,For our Hogwarts is in dangerFrom external, deadly foesAnd we must unite inside herOr we'll crumble from within.I have told you, I have warned you...Let the Sorting now begin.The sorting hat concluded its song and the hall burst into applause. Harry watched as McGonagall lifted the hat off the stool and placed it on the first students' head.The hat had barely touched the girl's top when it shouted out her new house. "Gryffindor!"Harry groaned in jealousy.Tediously, the-previous-and-hopefully-renewed-Gryffindor waited for the first years to be sorted into their houses.He was forced to watch as the hat sorted countless Gryffindors, Slytherins, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws while silently oozing with stress. It seemed, being flooded with Cortisol was an unfortunate side effect of the graveyard experience.It felt like forever before McGonagall called his name."Harry Potter"Harry stood, grateful that most students knew about this beforehand, it would have been ten times worse if this was the first anyone heard of the incident.Harry straightened his house-neutral tie and sat on the stool.The hat touched his head lightly.'Gryffindor, Gryffindor, Gryffindor' Harry chanted in his mind.The sorting cap snorted."Really? You think that ignoring me is going to put you in your house of choice"Harry stopped chanting at once and fired off an excuse."Well if you were preoccupied I was assuming you would just get it over with," he said defensively, then immediately clapped a hand over his mouth."Ah, very cunning of you" the hat smirked (how he knew that he had no clue, he had just felt a smirk) Harry went pale."I don't normally have the honor of meeting any particular student twice, much less three times," the hat told him, "but you, mister Potter, are anything but normal." Harry groaned silently."From what I can tell you're more Slytherin than when I last saw you" the hat paused, leaving Harry to worry about what the others thought about him taking so long. This was evidently the wrong thing to do as now Harry was plagued with much more worry than before."Yes, the tournament seems to have pulled you closer than before, I will repeat what I said before Mr. potter, you would be good in Slytherin""No," Harry said."Unfortunately, this is not up for debate, I cordially place you in-""Slytherin!"The entirety of Hogwarts froze.Harry was doomed.

The Hogwarts feast was quite soured by the fact that the entire Gryffindor table sans Fred, George, Ginny, Percy, and Hermione were staring daggers at him.Harry had expected as much, to be quite honest. What he wasn't expecting, however, was for Ron to completely ignore him."He'll come around Harry" Hermione assured him once they had exited the great hall."He's just a bit miffed at your-" Harry glared at her "the sorting hat's decision" she finished.Harry sighed and unconsciously started to follow Hermione before he remembered he was no longer a Gryffindor.He turned back around and proceeded down the stairs, to the Slytherin common room.Waiting for him at the entrance, was snape."Mr. Potter" he sneered, though without the usual hatred."As your head of house, I must let you know about the Slytherin meeting occurring in the common room tonight at seven. I hope you'll be able to remember that more than the simple potions you fail to grasp" The hook-nosed man turned away with a swish of his Harry-could-even-admit-it-was-amazing cloak and proceeded into a dungeon he could only assume was his office.Harry took the lack of venom in Snape's voice as a plus. At least he wouldn't take as many points from him now that he was in Slytherin.Harry continued the short walk to his new common room. Unfortunately, he soon took a wrong turn, something he hadn't done since his first year, and ended up in the east towers, where Cormac McLaglen, Archibald Hundersmith, and a boy Harry remembered as Xander Lilting, just happened to be passing.Cormac grinned as he looked at Harry."All alone, Potter" he growled, glaring at him.Harry smirked, refusing to give off any trace of fear.In his mind, however, he was panicking. Harry quickly reminded himself that, however much Cormac hated him, he was still a chivalrous Gryffindor, right?The three opposing boys drew their wands and Harry did the same."Harry Potter," One of Cormacs cronies growled "The slimy snake who lived"Harry burst out laughing. his opposers looked quite taken aback."You do know, snakes aren't slimy," Harry said slowly, as though explaining something to a toddler.It seemed snide remarks weren't any Gryffindors game, however, because they promptly started shooting spells at Harry."Protego Bulla!" Harry yelled, and, instantaneously he felt a bubble cover him from the weak, and somewhat beginner spells the Gryffindor boys were launching.It was then that McGonagall found them."Fighting in an empty corridor, three on one!" She screeched at Cormac and his friends."I expected more from my Gryffindor Lions"She glared at Cormac, Xander, and Archibald and started to list their punishments."50 points from Gryffindor," she seethed "Each."The boys (sans harry) gasped."But, professor, he's a snake!" Cormac yelled.McGonagall looked at him in disgust."And a week's worth of detentions for you Mclagan"Harry waved his wand, canceling the bubble charm, and let McGonagall grab a hold of his arm and escort him down the stairs, leaving the offending boys gobsmacked.Couldn't Harry ever have an easy year? It seemed the answer was no.
