Authors Notes: Hello! It's been about two years now since my last Tomione and it's seriously taken me this long to come out with a story I'm not criticizing myself over. So this was initially meant to be a one shot but will probably be no longer than five chapters. Still on the short end. But this is pretty AU fair warning. Hermione Granger didn't mean to notice one Tom Riddle during the sorting ceremony first year. Her brain kept trying to reason between a look that was smarmy and one that considered that he could be handsome in the future. He was sorted into Slytherin and it looked as though Malfoy was content with his Potter-lookalike. Harry had seemed more willing to be friends with her whereas Ron had something going on in his head.As the years went on she was constantly tied for first in class with Riddle. Malfoy was just behind them. She couldn't deny the blush that came to her on the occasion that Ron came to her defense. Third year she had pushed herself to add classes to her schedule. It seemed as though Riddle was constantly catching up to her and she had to have the upper hand. It also seemed unfair that she would only be allowed to do fewer classes than what were offered. Which caught the attention of Professor McGonagall who offered to vouch for her to have a time turner to complete her classes for the year.She'd fallen asleep in the library doing an essay for Muggle Studies and had two minutes to get to her next class. With the time turner she was able to buy herself enough time to run to the class without appearing too winded. She sat in front of Lavender Brown and Parvarti in Divination. Ron and Harry were already paired up together."Okay but Draco looks really good with his hair not gelled," Lavender gushed."You realize he's an absolute bigot and just because his hair isn't as greasy as his personality anymore doesn't negate that," Hermione snapped, turning around."God, Hermione, you could really like cool down."She rolled her eyes. Professor Trelawney started class and Hermione wished her time turner threw her forward in time as well. She tried to ignore Riddle's eyes boring into her. Lavender was the complete teachers pet in the class, and Riddle seemed to be aggressively into the subject which struck Hermione as odd. His hair was growing out a bit longer leaving him with a wavier hair texture. She did not think Tom Riddle was attractive.Hermione caught her breath hiding behind a stone. Her past self was already walking down the hill."What are you hiding from?" a voice asked.She turned around and came face to face with Riddle. He had a smile that was too friendly and she felt her face mimic a dear in the headlights."What do you want?" she asked; her voice came out a squeak."Why, I think I'm the only one to deduce that you've been time traveling this year," he said.His smile widened. Ron and Harry had barely noticed her absences and reappearances and she suspected they thought she was mad. Of course, Riddle, observant as ever, would've pieced it together. He was tied with her for first."I have to go, Riddle," she said."Call me Tom," he said.She ran as hard as her legs would pump her back up to the castle.The summer of her Fourth year had been a blur between going to the Quidditch World Cup and finding a pair of suitable dress robes for an event Hogwarts would be having. She noticed Tom looking at her from the Slytherin table; she avoided looking at him. Then it was announced that the Triwizard tournament would be coming back. Ron had mentioned it had been discontinued after a number of casualties and Hermione found herself horrified they were bringing back the event, no matter how many times Dumbledore insisted there had been safeguards and precautions setting up the Tournament. Only students that were at least seventeen could put their name into the Goblet of Fire and two other schools would be visiting for participation as well.Out of the corner of her eye she saw Tom's delighted smile wane into a scowl.The feast started and she averted her eyes to the table.Tom was far more of a teachers pet in comparison to her. The difference being that a majority of the professors actually liked her. This gave her the advantage in most situations and his inability to take advantage of the Tournament gave her further satisfaction. She hid the smug look on her face with the goblet she brought to her lips. The boys exchanged confused glances before deciding to ignore it, and Ron continued to tell Harry the history of the Tournament. Her beaming mood was brought down by the realization she had gotten comfortable thinking about Riddle as Tom. An utter disgrace to the idea of their rivalry that had been going on for four years now. Harry. at least, was consistent in his rivalry with Malfoy.The first week of classes went by predictably. Tom was the crown jewel of Professor Slughorn in potions which irked her to no end. Still, she was favored by the professor, being able to brew better potions than Tom. "Mad Eye" Moody had taken over the Defense Against the Dark Art's class as Professor Lupin had left the year before to everyone's disappointment. Except maybe Malfoy. Hermione was mortified when Professor Moody had started off the first lesson introducing them to the Unforgivable Curses, conceptually anyway. Neville had been able to describe the Cruciatus curse without faltering, although his expression would betray him. Moody had explained the Imperious before asking for the third curse. Riddle answered the Killing Curse too easily for a person. Her eyes narrowed trying to figure out if the small smile on his face was from his arrogance from taking on the question or psychopathy. Moody appeared unimpressed while saying Riddle was correct. The smile turned into a scowl that he hid with a blank expression. Psychopathy.The class was short, if it was a class at all. The disturbed look on Neville's face haunted her. Everyone started gathering their things and mingling out the door."I think he's brilliant," Harry said. She had no doubt Harry would be the favourite of this class."I'm going to talk to Neville, he seemed distressed," Hermione said.He shrugged and started talking to Ron. Hermione ran out the door trying to catch up with Neville. She found him hidden in a nook of the stairwell looking out the window."Are you okay, Neville?" she asked him."I'm fine," he said."You seemed disturbed in Moody's class and I just thought...""If I want to talk about it, I'll tell you. Is that enough?"She tried to not frown the way she wanted too and nodded. Moody hobbled down the stairs to Neville. He gave her a small wave as he walked up the stairs with Moody."Always a concerned Gryffindor, aren't you?"She turned around and saw Tom looking up at her. It wasn't necessarily looking up despite him being steps lower factoring in his height. Hermione rolled her eyes and stalked down the stairs. He was trying to catch up with her."You know, Moody will probably be gone at the end of the year. Another tragic accident," Tom said. "Apparently the rumors are that the last professor Merrythought was too attached to his position, far too invested about the care of his students, and when he died he inadvertently casted a hex on it.""Delightful," she said coldly."I want to give it a go after graduation. Perhaps I'll be the one to break Merrythought's curse. Isn't that a bit ironic? A name like Merrythought and he casts a ridiculous curse on accident."They came to the end of the stairs and she turned around on him."Why are coming to me with this? We've been academic rivals for four years now, and why should I care about your ridiculous aspirations?" Hermione snapped.He laughed. It was cool and it unnerved her."Academic rivals? Well fine, we can keep this rivalry if that's what you wish," he smiled. "I, however, don't see how that should affect a more closer personal relationship outside of academics. You're the only one in this bloody school that is anywhere close to understanding me, if that was possible."She scowled. He leaned over close to her ear."After all, you amuse me," he said.Her mouth parted. He pulled away, ruffled his hair, and walked off. She pursed her lips. Harry had wild unruly hair, he never needed to put any effort into maintaining the appearance.The crowd flooded around her and she realized she risked being late to her next class.The Yule Ball had been announced when the competing schools arrived. It was in tradition with the Tournament as to somewhat honor the champions of the schools. Ron was estatic that Quidditch player, Viktor Krum, was with the Durmstrang school. He explained what he heard about him staying with the school while playing Quidditch, and somehow he made it sound more complicated than it probably was. Or it was a confusing set up regardless. The Goblet would be set up that night for willing participants wanting to compete.Hermione had stayed in the common room with Harry as everyone went to spectate the Goblet. They had a transfiguration essay to work on after all. Neither of them were that interested in spectating people attempting to win the draw for their school.She had the worst dream that night. Her mind had schemed a dream of her in a broom closet with Riddle, he touched her arm, running his fingers up and down. The words were jumbled although she got the impression that they were discussing something about an upcoming test. And Professor McGonagall had found them in the closet and was horrified and Hermione was equally horrified. Sure, she hadn't done anything explicit with Riddle but she was still with him. Her body jerked up as she woke up. What a horrible dream.The worst thing was that for the next week she couldn't look at Riddle straight and made more of an effort to ignore him.The champions were Fleur Delacour for Beauxbatons, Viktor Krum for Durmstrang, and Cedric Diggory for Hogwarts. Dumbledore made another speech with this announcement. Hermione couldn't help but feel that something was wrong. Or rather, that something was supposed to go wrong but hadn't. And she didn't know why she wanted something terrible to happen so terribly, or what this terrible thing was even supposed to be. She felt faint as the students departed the Great Hall.Ron caught her arm as she swayed out the door. He looked at her concerned."I just need to go to the bathroom. I'm fine, I swear," she lied through a forced smile.Reluctantly he let her go.She was almost to the door of the bathroom before she felt someone grab her. The floor was in very close proximity to her face."Your friends should really take better care of you."Her balance had righted her. She looked at him. A smug look and wavy dark hair. His features looked too round for what they should've been."I'm fine," she hissed."No, you're famished," he said."What gives you that impression?""You're hardly ever in the Great Hall and when you are, you're eating very little before running off to who knows where."He said it so matter-of-factly and obviously it would made Sir Arthur Conan Doyle roll in his grave."Here, let me take you to the kitchens," he said."There's a kitchens?" she asked."Of course. Where else would we get the food to eat? You just need to know how to get there."And the kitchens was large. And full of house elves."There's house elves here?" she balked. "Are they compensated? Why would Hogwarts have house elves?""Well, they're serving elves. Nothing they love more to do. They're kept out of sight, out of mind, to avoid any potential unnecessary cruelty, and they're bound to the school not to anyone in particular, so they don't die," Riddle said. "I can't believe you of all people didn't know this.""It was never anywhere in Hogwarts a History!""Of course not.""And you're just okay with the fact that Hogwarts is okay with slavery?""It's not slavery. They'd die if they didn't live like this."Before she could make more of a fight out of it with Riddle, one of the house elves was at his feet and he gave a slew of an order to the elf who ran off."This isn't right," she said."It's the principle of the thing," he said."That's a mildly irritating phrase that explains nothing."He shrugged. The elf came over with a picnic basket. Tom thanked the nameless house elf and walked out. She followed him."Where are we going?" she asked.He held the basket up."Outside, just a picnic," he said.She huffed.And they walked down by the lake and Hermione reluctantly sat next to Tom. There were sandwiches and pot roast and pies other rich foods along with tarts and pumpkin pastries. She inspected one of the pies."This looks like a chicken pot pie," she said."Smart," he responded.They broke into the food and Hermione was too distracted to worry about Riddle. When he finished he laid down and looked up at the growing night sky."Aren't we going to go back?" she asked."It's a lovely evening out tonight. It'll grow colder later and unwelcoming unpleasant," Riddle stated."Filtch will catch us.""Not if he doesn't. Besides, we're still before curfew."She huffed and laid on the ground too."We should do this again," he said."We should not do this again," she said."I unnerve you, why?""Perhaps you gave the explanation of the Killing Curse too swiftly to not be considered a psychopath.""It's practical knowledge, Hermione.""They say that there's not one witch or wizard that hasn't gone bad in Slytherin.""That's a self-fulfilling prophecy then, isn't it? Beat that 'truth' into us and doom us all. Did you ever notice the amount of booing that happens to first years when they're sorted into Slytherin? And you think hmm this isn't going to psychologically damage them into wanting to take revenge? And if you perhaps, want this Slytherin to be good despite that, then why is there never any true effort to break that stigma? There's no hope or benefit of the doubt given.""Is that what you want? To be good? Be given the benefit of the doubt?""Doesn't matter to me. We're powerless, against this system that's meant to put people like us down."One star looked particularly bright."Your precious Hagrid is a Slytherin. Was, anyway. I guess that never occurred to you."Hermione was stunned at this little factoid Tom had given her. She supposed the possibility never did cross her mind when Hagrid seemed so adamantly anti-Slytherin. Now she'd have to go into the school records to either prove that Tom's word was true or that he was simply lying to her."Why do you hate me so much? Or just the general mistrust?" he asked."Second year. I was coming back from the quidditch practice with Harry and the team when you, Malfoy and the Slytherin team were going. And Malfoy called me a Mudblood. I didn't know what it meant beyond an insult. You never said anything. I knew you had to be a half blood or... muggle-born like me. And you didn't say anything," she recounted."I'm not a muggleborn. I know that. My father has to be a wizard, I'm sure. My mother was too pathetic she died giving birth to me.""You still enabled his behavior.""Malfoy? He's a prat. I'm lucky he likes me so the other Slytherin's don't attack me.""Real snake den, huh?"He laughed."You're not particularly witty are you?" he asked."I can be!" Hermione retorted.He stood up and put a hand out to her. Reluctantly she took it. They had left the sandwiches and she grabbed them and stuffed them in her bag. Harry and Ron were sure to eat them and she didn't want them to go to waste."What should we do with it?" she asked."Leave it there?" Tom said. "The house elves will know."She rolled her eyes. She refused to take his arm as they walked back up to the castle.When she got up to the tower the boys were playing chess. Ron winning again. Hermione tilted her head in thought. He was smart, in his own way, and she liked the freckles splashed across his face, and he had a warmth she worried she lacked. She pulled up a chair and sat between them."Did you know that there were house elves working in the kitchens?" Hermione asked."Well sure. Everyone knows that," Ron said."I didn't know that," Harry said."Oh. Maybe I'm wrong," Ron stated."I want to do something about it. It's wrong to try to justify a different form of slavery," Hermione said."Yeah, but they need to be bound to something. It's how it's always been," Ron said. He yelled when Harry caught one of his pieces."That doesn't mean we shouldn't try to fix it!" Hermione snapped."I heard house elves could be freed by clothes," Harry said. "If you give it to them willingly.""If I make clothes and leave them out for them, then they'll have to be free!" Hermione said enthusiastically."They might resent you for it," Ron said. "I'm not saying that keeping house elves is... right. My family can't afford it. But maybe you should try to find a more collective solution than that.""I suppose you're right," Hermione sighed."If you want to have better conditions for the house elves, we're in it with you," Harry said.Ron nodded in agreement. She grinned. Perhaps Ron had a point, she had to be more aware of what was going on before she tried to fix everything, but she also wouldn't be alone in doing it.Slughorn work in partners for the next potion. And he just so happened to partner her with Riddle. She looked at Harry sadly as she moved across tables. Usually they worked together if they needed to, and he wasn't a bad partner for the most part. Riddle had a shit eating grin on his face. The instructions were simple, refer to the book, the assignment should take two weeks. She was civil with him, and had to correct him on one error he made when getting the ingredients. They just had to let it simmer for the next day and a half before the next class.Durmstrang students were hanging in the hallway at the top of the dungeons. She noticed Krum was in their group and looking at her oddly. Then she noticed the arm that was across her shoulders. Riddle."What are you doing?" she asked."I think we should go to the library to work on that essay Moody gave us," he said confidently."What makes you think I'm going anywhere with you?""I'm your intellectual equal.""Seriously, what gives? You've never made the effort to chase after a girl. After all, you have your little groupie fan club.""What part of intellectual equal are you not getting? Any one of those... fan girls, have converted over to supporting Diggory and they're utter dolts as well.""Ahh, so that's why the effort is on me! You're hurt by the lack of attention caused by Diggory!"He grimaced. Later, she'll consider it a manufactured personality he created to present to her in an effort to get her to trust him and join whatever malevolent scheme he'd devised. For now, she'll think it is simply an ego wound and she's the only girl in school that doesn't like him."We're at the library," he said.They were. And she didn't mind his weight on her shoulders. A very disturbing thought. Ginny walked out at that moment. She looked at Tom and Hermione with wide eyes as she noticed them. Hermione unhooked his fingers from her shoulder."I should really leave with Ginny," she smiled."Ginny Weasley? Hex expert?" Tom grinned. "Nott was quite devastated by your jelly legs jinx. Impressive work.""Th-thanks Tom," Ginny said, the blush rising on her cheeks.She glared at Tom before dragging Ginny away."I heard that Krum likes you but Tom is so much better!" she squealed once they were away."I have no interest in boys right now. Besides, Tom only wants you to like him so it'll convince me to like him," Hermione said, rolling her eyes."But you're always tied for first! It's obvious you should be together!""What was that about Nott anyway?""Oh, he was giving Luna a hard time. And Luna's too nice to say anything that I had to do something."Luna Lovegood was supposed to be on the nuttier side of the Ravenclaw house. "Loony Lovegood" she heard on occasion."Well, I guess that justifies it," Hermione said."But you will need a date for the Yule Ball. You should really go with Riddle if he asks you," Ginny said."Oh not this again!"It didn't help that Riddle began being more obnoxious about answering questions and causing a scene whenever Durmstrang students were around in particular. She couldn't explain that part yet. It was screaming for attention. And Slughorn had said their potion came out perfect once they began evaluating them. She meant to joke about Riddle's recent behavior with the boys, only Ron seemed to be simmering in anger without saying much. It wasn't that she wanted Ron to fight for her, that was unrealistic, but it bothered her that he acted as nonchalant as possible without explaining it.If Riddle didn't follow her to the library, she was sure to find Krum near her. It was utterly bothersome.The Yule Ball seemed to garner more attention than the First Task. Which seemed more concerning. The first task had everyone on edge as the Champions faced off against Dragons for an out of place egg. Viktor came in first with Fleur and Cedric following. Conversation resumed back to the ball.She walked out of the library satisfied. There was nothing in the rule book against protests, activism and the sort. She'd work on the last batch of her S.P.E.W. badges later that night. After homework of course.There was a commotion coming from the courtyard. Hermione noticed a group of Hufflepuffs gathered around someone. She got closer and saw Olive Hornby and her gang, a group of sixth years, bullying Myrtle. "Moaning Myrtle" she found out had come from Olive and her gang. Myrtle was a fifth year Ravenclaw, not someone she was ever particularly close to."C'mon Myrtle, you cry too much and your glasses are too bulky. Who'd ever take you to the ball!" Olive snickered.Her posse laughed along. Myrtle was sputtering too much to make a proper come back."Leave her alone!" Hermione shouted, walking closer to the group."Stay out of this!" Olive snapped. "We're busy with our friend.""I dare say that's not how I would treat any of my friends," Hermione said confidently."Please go," Myrtle said quietly."You're just another bloody Gryffindor getting into everyone's business so you can play hero!" Olive seethed.She started towards Hermione and Hermione pulled out her wand. Olive raised her fist as if to throw a punch and a jet of light hit her side. She fell over and started throwing up mice."The Gryffindor did that?" the group of girls chorused."I was just doing fine on my own!" Myrtle screamed."Myrtle..." Hermione started.The Ravenclaw girl started wailing loudly as she flew away from the scene.The spell didn't come from me.She looked over to where the spell must have come from. She heard the girls getting worried about Olive. Hermione walked into the corridor. She caught the edge of a black robe before it was gone.The next day in potions Tom stopped by her table gleefully. She narrowed her eyes."Notice anything?" he asked.The bright S.P.E.W badge is pinned beneath his house crest on his robe."I thought you didn't care about house elf rights," she said."You're an impressive force of nature. Plus, Weasley gave me this and said that it mattered to you," Tom said, almost bored. "Bit odd that one. Also told me something about staying away from you if some thing or another."She heard Harry sit next to her and Riddle walked off."Krum asked me to go with him to the Ball," Hermione said. She moved her pawn."What did you say?" Harry asked. He moved a bishop."I said yes. He can't pronounce my name right but he could be worse.""Could be Tom.""Could be Tom.""I don't see why you didn't wait for him to ask you.""The Ball is getting closer. And I wasn't waiting for Riddle to ask me... I was... hoping someone else would."He took her pawn."Who else would you have wanted to ask you?" Harry asked."Erm, Ron," Hermione admitted. "But it'll take him a millennia before he realizes I'm a girl.""You are a girl.""No, I mean like a girl."Harry shrugged in agreement. He moved a knight."Besides, I don't trust Riddle," Hermione said."He follows you around like a puppy and didn't sabotage your potion you worked on together," he said."Him following me around like a puppy is precisely why I don't trust him. He's always had this coldness around him that keeps anyone from knowing him and his fan girl club only formed last year when him and Malfoy apparently became attractive."She dangled a hand over her bishop."Are either of us really playing this right?" Hermione asked."Honestly, I don't know. Checkers seems easier about now," Harry admitted. "If Ron isn't around I don't know what I'm doing.""And of course he didn't sabotage the potion we worked on together precisely because it involved him. It wouldn't have ruined his image to Slughorn but it would've been awfully impractical.""Seems logical. I think."He moved his queen into an open space. Hermione had already taken most of his pawns."I think it's impractical anyways to think Riddle might possibly have feelings. He feels too staged lately and I hate it," Hermione said. "And this pairing people have of us would make as much sense as you and Malfoy.""That's disgusting," Harry balked. She shrugged in indifference."He's an academic rival and that's all he should be.""Seems boring.""It's practical."Neither of them were making good plays right now."You should try to ask Ginny to the dance," Hermione said."Why?" Harry asked."She's been in love with you for like three years.""She's Ron's sister.""And I'm sure if Ron came to you and said he was interested in me and whatever the hypothetical scenario is, you would say I'm like a sister to you.""You're insane.""Good luck finding a date otherwise."She noticed Harry at the bottom of the stairs and his mouth seemed to drop. A grin formed on her face. Lavender Brown had helped her with her hair using a strangely named hair potion that softened her busy hair into manageable curls. Parvarti had helped her with her make up. For once, she didn't mind the giggling girls. Then she noticed Tom the closer she came to the crowd. Her eyes immediately searched for Krum.The Champions walked in in pairs and Hermione was overwhelmed. McGonagall's lessons had come in handy. Then the crowd slowly started to move onto the dance floor. Krum was decent company and she found herself enjoying her time at the dance. For a while they had broken off and had joined Krum's friends and their dates. The Durmstrang girls were friendly and the one Hufflepuff girl who also happened to be a date was also enjoyable company. They were going to leave the main party to explore the Durmstrang ship. Hermione, remembering Harry and Ron, had asked to invite them along as well and Krum was delighted.She broke away from their little party and found Harry and Ron at a table away from the dancing crowd. Harry and Ginny were talking and Ron looked irritable."Viktor's asked us to go with him and his friends to their ship," Hermione panted, she sat down with a smile. "Isn't that amazing?""Of course, you're fraternizing with the enemy," Ron grumbled."The TriWizard Tournament is meant to promote friendship and diversity and community," Hermione argued, baffled by his response. "I'm surprised you've never even said this about Riddle. Who is actually the enemy.""At least I know he likes you because you're smart like him. Krum just wants someone to take advantage of," Ron argued."Weren't you the one just dying for his autograph two months ago? And he also wanted you to come on the ship?" Hermione snapped."Ron, don't be a prat, we can all go," Ginny said, trying to calm her brother."You're lucky he even asked you to be his date. You're not attractive that much on a normal day," Ron bit."It's no wonder Parvarti abandoned you tonight! And you gave me so much grief about not having a date or not really having a date and just saying I did so I wouldn't look pathetic just because I wouldn't tell you. If you wanted to go with me, you should've asked instead of treating me like a last resort and then calling me unattractive just because someone else found me to be!" Hermione screamed. "You're such a miserable vile person tonight Ron."She looked over at Harry and Ginny. Both were stunned by her outburst."If you want to go with Krum, I'm perfectly alright with that," Hermione said, her voice warbling. "I hope you have fun for the rest of the night."Because I'm not.She ran out of the Great Hall. Her feet kept running but she didn't remember which way she wanted to go and she'd ended up in a courtyard on the farther side of the castle. The adrenaline wore off. She sat on the stone bench under a tree and sobbed. The snow was starting to stick to the ground and onto her dress but she didn't care. It wasn't that she expected Ginny and Harry to defend her, but it hurt that Ron felt it was acceptable to be that vile anyway."You really ran out of there."Hermione used her palm to brush some of the tears away, forgetting the make up."Go away, Tom," she said.Instead he sat next to her. He wore deep green robes."You do look like Cinderella. Blue dress, crying on a bench under a tree," Tom said. "I appreciate that you called me Tom."She heaved as she tried to level her breathing."Her dress is white," Hermione protested."Marketing has made it blue, love," he said."Did you abandon your date?""Didn't take one. There wasn't a girl worthy.""Ah yes because your standards for what makes an acceptable girl is perfectly attainable.""One has.""Stop it, Tom.""But you seemed to have abandoned your date.""I didn't... mean to. Ron was just so... vile I couldn't...""He's a dolt anyway.""Right of course.""Snape busted a Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff shagging in a carriage a while ago.""Like I needed to know that.""I thought it was amusing."He stood up and held a hand to her."What are you doing?" she asked."Well, whatever that prat Weasley said, it shouldn't have ruined your night so, I'm offering you the last dance of the evening.""There's no music.""Rubbish. Just dance, will you?"She stood up almost reluctantly. He looked at her confused."Oh, um, will you please dance with me, Hermione," he said."I will."The snow continued it's graceless fall. It was more of a sway than it was a waltz. He didn't say anything. Hermione felt herself tired and leaned against his chest. His arms wrapped themselves around her tighter. It kept her warm definitely. She wondered what Harry and Ginny had gotten up to. He'd asked her more as a friend which Ginny was thrilled by. She pulled away from Tom. Her mouth parted."I need to get back," she said after a while. "To the tower."He nodded in understanding. He kept an arm loose at her waist as he escorted her back to the Gryffindor dorms. She didn't know why she didn't protest this. The walk seemed longer this time which it never felt like.And she walked up the stairs to the dorm and Riddle looked at her."I don't know why you wear a false face in front of me," she said. "I don't appreciate it. I don't know why, but... if you did think of me anywhere close to an equal I wouldn't understand why.""You looked lovely, Hermione," he said. He started down the stairs before looking over his shoulder. "Sweet dreams."She walked into the dorm and got unready. And she wanted to shout that it was unfair that Tom was kind to her when he never had been and she was waiting for the other shoe to drop. The other shoe had to drop because he couldn't be that perfect.

It isn't that she's necessarily allowing Riddle to get close to her. She hadn't interacted with Krum much since the Ball. But she finds any excuse to run into Tom. Or rather, he finds one. She's not infatuated with him. It's just refreshing talking to someone that takes school just as seriously as her and can hold onto an intelligent conversation longer than Ron and Harry.Then the paper comes. Rita Skeeter has published an article about her, about how she broke Krum's heart viciously for Tom. It looks like an intimate picture. She'd tripped over a rock coming up from Herbology and Riddle had caught her while they laughed at the incident. Nobody else had been around. Hermione thought about Krum and had considered that they had left the ball in an amicable state and remained friends.It takes her a while to notice the fly that seems to follow her around before she realizes the shape is just a little off. The library has a list of the registered animagus'.She works with Harry in the Herbology green house. It's extra credit that she doesn't really need but Harry does. There's not much to weed out. Then a snake slithers out between flower plants. A squeak escapes her."What's wrong?" Harry asked, walking over."A snake!" she forced out.It looks at her with curiosity. Harry said something but it sounds strange and horrifying. Like some lost archaic language oozing in a hissing like acid. The snake hisses back before slithering away. She looks over at him."Have you always been able to do that?" she asked."I just don't do it around my mum... or really anyone," Harry admits. "Once I realized it wasn't common in the wizarding world I kept it a secret.""It's safe with me."There's a small parcel along with her letter.She opens it up.She's been selected to be the Gryffindor Prefect Fifth Year. Her parents are thrilled and Hermione is elated.It's only when she gets to the train station that Ron tells her that he's made prefect too. Harry is mildly disappointed. He's also been passed over for Quidditch Captain this year as well. But they promise to meet Harry in the compartment after the prefect meeting and rounds. Tom gave her a sly smile. Of course he would also make prefect."Hermione, can I talk to you?" Tom asked her after the meeting had ended."Is everything alright?" Ron interrupted."I'm fine, I'll catch up with you," she told Ron.Tom looks smug. She gives a pleading look to Ron who reluctantly leaves. Truthfully, she'd rather leave with Ron but that small irritable part of her wants to stay and talk with Tom. And they go down the opposite end of the train."How was your summer?" he asked."I spent time with the Weasleys and Harry. His mum is also a great baker but I guess that's because she's excelled in potions," Hermione rambled. "How was yours?""The muggles avoided me."She looked at him curiously."I live in a boy's home, Hermione," he said."Right, I... suppose that was to be expected," she said."I couldn't find anything about my father. Guess that's what happens when the nearest library can't afford a computer and the news papers are thrown out after ten years because they don't have enough space to catalog them.""I... might've done my own research.""Oh?"He led them into a compartment that was empty."Simply searching Tom Riddle yielded a number of searches that was small in capacity and over lapping. And then I thought about your middle name. And I convinced Mr. Weasley to let me go with him to the Ministry so I could look in their library and found a Marvolo Gaunt. He was arrested for assaulting a Ministry employee back in the sixties. He had a daughter who died the same year you were born. And I swear I remember seeing the Gaunts in a list of dead pure blood lines," Hermione said.His eyes are twinkling and he does that smile that unnerves her."You are so invaluable," he said. And something in his head clicks and a grimace forms on his face. "So my mother was a pureblood witch who decided I wasn't worth loving so she died instead. As if I could come from something that weak."She scowled."If you want to do more research I'll gladly help you. But this isn't the nineteen forties, because now we know that there's a number of factors that could've impacted your birth and there's medical explanations that could explain why she passed. It doesn't mean she didn't love you!" she snapped."Perhaps. Still, you've given me more information than I could have hoped for," Tom said rolling his eyes.Dolores Umbridge was announced to have taken over the Defense Against the Dark Arts position after Moody's departure. It's shocking to say the least since it didn't seem that Moody would've left. Umbridge has been appointed by the Minister of Magic himself. Dumbledore attempts to coax the students into a welcoming greeting towards their new professor. It fails miserably when Umbridge gives a peppy patronizing speech of her own after.She glances at Tom across the hall. He gives her a look that says can you believe that shite?"What's up with you and Riddle lately anyway?" Ron asked."Nothing. Not really," Hermione said. "He just wants us to get along while we're prefects.""Sure Hermione," Harry responded, not believing her."Besides, I don't know why the Ministry decided to interfere in Hogwarts' affairs. Wasn't there supposed to be a separation of school and state?" Hermione asked."Fudge is afraid Dumbledore will try to usurp him one way or another. His numbers aren't bad but the press adores Dumbledore," Ron said. "He's paranoid really."The rounds list has been established for the first two weeks to be aligned house prefects to do rounds together to make things easier for the new prefects before the rounds list will alternate again.Hermione finds herself flattered when Ron asked to make an effort to study for OWLs together this year. She wonders if he's possibly dyslexic as he's struggled through the years. He's gotten taller this year. And Hermione feels that small childhood crush want to break through again. He walked with her to Defense and rambled about the recent International Quidditch game. She doesn't know half the players and barely grasps the teams but she's just glad he's smiling about something.And then Tom sits at the desk next to hers in class. Hermione wants to crawl under her desk knowing that she would much prefer to avoid the fate of some bimbo romance heroine that gets caught in an unnecessary love triangle. She sits a little straighter instead. Tom has always been tall but it seems that this is the year it's decided to catch on. His face has also started shaping in nicely loosing most of his boyishness. She looked at the text book in front of her. It seems a much better idea than fancying his nose. And a little irritating noise breaks the room.Umbridge is a toady woman. And then she says they will be exclusively practical this semester. The class is in an uproar and Umbridge does her little fake cough whatever it is to wane the oncoming chaos."The Ministry believes that theory will improve your practicals," Umbridge started."But what about our OWLs!" a girl yelled."Silence! This is what the Ministry has found to be the best approach for your development. After all, you have nothing to fear while you're in school," Umbridge continued with a forced smile."Then what about when we're out of school?" Harry snapped."Potter, I wouldn't..." Riddle muttered."After all, it's not as if there hadn't been a few rogue Dementor attacks this summer," Harry pressed."Detention! Both of you!" Umbridge shouted.Tom looks appalled. Then Umbridge tries to feign her fake smile again. On to the lesson."Why did you do that Riddle?" Harry asked.She put an arm in front of her as Ron stood behind her."Because Hermione values you. I attempted to help you avoid whatever wrath Umbridge would face you," Tom said. "I guess we both failed at that."Ron grabbed her hand as he followed Harry out the door. She looks over her shoulder and Tom has a dark look.Harry got back later that night trying to avoid showing his left hand. And Hermione manages to catch his wrist the moment he's careless.I must not tell lies.The blood soaked letters make her want to throw up."She did this to you?" she asked."She made both of us do it," Harry admitted."That's barbaric!" she shouted."That should be illegal," Ron said. "I don't know how she's getting away with it."She tries to think of any solution. She'll go to Professor Sprout and the library for any sort of remedy."We should try to avoid stepping on Umbridge's toes," Hermione suggests. "Keep our heads low around her. And we'll... we'll try to do something about her in the meantime. I don't want any of us getting hurt."Harry embraced her in a half hug.The gossip doesn't know if she's dating Ron Weasley, or if she's dating Tom Riddle, or if she's two timing the both of them. The suggestion of a harem doesn't spread quite as rapidly.She attempts to study in the library with Ron on the nights they patrol together. Neither of them like Umbridge's homework very much. A clock in the back of her mind starts to tick. On the nights she doesn't patrol she's in the library with Tom researching the Gaunt's. There's little about the family they can gather. She catches a glimpse of the newspaper Tom has found. Marvolo Gaunt wears a locket with a large S embedded in it. He's an old unattractive man."I certainly didn't get my looks from this side of the family," Tom jokes as he put away the news clipping.The pleasant act doesn't phase her."Here's an aloe salve," Hermione said. She passed him the small jar. "It'll help heal over that scar."She still can't figure out what his says. He brushed a piece of hair behind her ear. The moment she acknowledges how close they are he backs away."You should teach us," Hermione said. "You're good at it and Umbridge wouldn't have to find out.""Are you insane? I'm not a teacher," Harry scoffed."She's right. You've always been the stand out in Defense," Ron agreed."Riddle has to work twice as hard to be as close to you in the subject," Hermione said. "Just consider it, please.""Fine!" Harry snapped. "I have to go to Umbridges' again tonight."And she wishes Umbridge would leave already. Soon she and Ron are spreading word about a possible "meeting" at the Hogs Head the next Hogsmade day. She's agreed with Ron to not tell Riddle. He likes her enough but neither of them feel as if they can fully trust him.It comes back to bite her when Riddle has managed to change shifts with Ron for a patrol."This is the first year that Matron Cole has signed my Hogsmade form," Tom stated. "I was wondering if you'd like to go with me this trip."And she pauses in the corridor."Is something wrong?" he asked. "It's not Weasley, is it?""I told some friends I would hang out with them on the trip," she admits. She forces herself to believe it and conceal the half truth nature of the statement. "I could meet up with you after, however, if that works out?"The corner of his mouth twitches."Perfect," he said.They agree to meet at the Three Broomsticks around three, which in Hermione's mind gives her sufficient time to attend the meeting and spend time with her friends before Tom. She still can't explain his fixation on her. That little nudge that can't trust his proposed genuine face. He doesn't hang around Malfoy as much, which gives her some relief.There's at least four prefects within the new "Dumbledore's Army". Ron had convinced her it was funny for being tongue in cheek and ironic, so it made her feel better signing off the new group as so. The prefects would be there to give an excuse for alternating groups that went out of their meetings to avoid any repercussions coming around curfew. Harry had been reluctant to take on the mantle of teaching the group (a large one at that) but had said he knew a place they could use to train. Gold coins were passed around for those that had signed on as Hermione had enchanted them to alert them of the next meeting."So, Zonko's?" Ron asked."Yeah, yeah sounds good," Hermione said."Hermione! It's almost four!" Ginny interrupted.She looked at the way Ginny held onto Harry's arm."Oh shit!" she shouted. "I'm sorry guys!"Hermione adjusted her jacket as she ran out of the bar. Tom was at a table reading a book. She tried to catch her breath in an effort to not look as winded as she felt. She'd been able to catch onto the fact that yes, he was annoyed that she ran late. He tried to hide it but she'd spent more time with him than the average person to notice the subtleties of his mannerisms.They decided to stop into Honeydukes before going back up to the castle. Hermione had gotten a handful of sugar quills to her benefit. Tom had gotten one special mystery filling chocolate bar. He walks her up to the Gryffindor tower. She doesn't argue against this. It's really an excuse to spend time together in the pretense of her getting ready for dinner and dropping off her sweets so she doesn't look like she just came from Hogsmade although she has. It's however on the third floor that they spot Myrtle running into the girls lavatory wailing."No one ever really goes in there because of her," Hermione said unprompted. She feels stupid after, wondering if Riddle already knew that.It's not too long after the groups meeting that Umbridge declares a new "rule" that large groups of a social group are prohibited unless given permission by Umbridge herself. Hermione doesn't pay too much attention to the wording. It makes her glad that the coins were distributed and it makes the lessons even more important.And they do show up even as they face the threat of Umbridge. They start to work in pairs to help each other out and to make the dueling aspects easier. Afterwards they leave in small groups with at least one prefect standing around before they break off.Another one of Umbridge's "decrees" is that she installs her own Task Force due to suspected illegal activity. Malfoy and his goons are eager to join and begin harassing students the moment they're given free reign.Hermione patrols with Tom. He must know something is up. And she's wondering if there was a snitch in the group or if Umbridge was that paranoid to have noticed the timing of students in groups walking around the halls together later than usual. If there was a snitch then her spell would've wrecked havoc already."Malfoy and his groupies have said they want to patrol the forth floor by nine and seventh floor by eleven," Tom said. "This is on a weekday basis. I haven't heard what they've planned for the weekends yet.""That's an odd patrol schedule for non-prefects," Hermione said."Oh yes. Umbridge and her little Task Force want to meddle and ruin whatever they can.""I thought you would've tried to kiss up to her authority or at the least respected it.""I have a hard time with respecting authority.""You're a complete teachers pet.""Yes, because those are actual professors. Umbridge is interfering with affairs on the grounds of being the Prime Ministers lap dog. Or cat. Did you know her office is entirely covered in cats? And pink. I have no vendetta against pink but it's atrocious."Hermione does know. Because in the next Defense class she corrects Umbridge's statement. A completely false statement that Hermione counters with two texts as evidence that contradicts this. Umbridge gives her a week detention. Harry's only had three detentions with her at this point. None of her friends can ease her worry. Her detention is back to back and her wound will have a harder time healing over.I will obey my superiors. The next day the Prophet reports that a Blood Purist group Strain had reportedly attacked a muggleborn owned shop. Fudge refuses to condemn the group and says that they're too small to do any real damage and that he's sure that they're really good people. Malfoy takes points away from students and it doesn't take long to catch onto the fact that he's targeting muggle born students. Hermione scowls, avoiding his way. The new Task Force is granted this ability in good faith of the government, ahem Umbridge, contrary to the Prefects who have never been able to take away house points. Refer a professor to oversee if detention or point deduction is necessary, yes. And right now it's a state of abuse of power.Hermione drags Tom into an empty class room once their classes are finished. He looks at her surprised since they never meet like this. She's never been this furious."Hermione, what's wrong?" he asked."Do you believe in that shit?" she snapped."What?""That stupid blood rhetoric! It's hard to not see the Slytherins getting off on the attack that was reported this morning, and..."Her heart is thudding so fast against her chest she swears it'll run out."I thought we established that I was a half-blood," Tom deflects."Yes, yes, I know," she said. "I'm... I'm scared that you sympathize with their beliefs. I know you are on... amicable terms with Malfoy, and you don't have... really any friends. So me being smart and a muggle born makes me an outlier. And... and it's hard to not notice the prejudices that run in Slytherin.""Hermione... I'm not talking about this with you.""Why not!""Does this really affect us being friends? No.""It does when you want to make sure that the people you consider friends have aligned morals and values and... just because blood prejudice isn't as transparent as sexism or racism doesn't mean it's not a sickness this society has."The corner of his mouth pulls. She's already on a rampage."What part of this is funny to you? You're... I just, I don't want to find myself in a position where I'm compromising myself beyond reason because of you," Hermione barked."Hermione, I know that these... issues matter to you, but they really don't bother me," Tom said. The amusement has now soured."It doesn't bother you because it doesn't affect you! And here I was thinking, huh maybe Tom can actually empathize with people now!""I can empathize with you."Something salty tickles the edge of her lip. She rubs a hand on her face. Somewhere along the line she had started crying. He looks worried now. Whatever this conversation has been, it rips what little trust she had in Tom away. He expects to be able to look into people without any regard for them, but no one should be able to see who he is. He's always been someone she should hate. Consider a rival. In this moment, she could either compromise herself, or distance herself from Tom the way it should have always been. Allowing that mistrust of him she always had to be confirmed.She takes a step backwards. Her hands are clutched together in front of her chest.He takes a step forward.Tom leans down and kisses her temple, and then her tears, and softly he kissed her lips. Hermione's arms relax. And he fits along her mouth in a way she's sure no one else will ever be able to. Not even Ron. His hand cusps her jaw as she allows him to continue.Hermione pushed herself away from Tom and ran out the door. Malfoy shouts as she's pushed him over. She doesn't care, she doesn't care.She sat in front of the fire place curled up. Ron sat next to her on the floor."I can do patrol with Padme tonight if you want," Ron said."Ron," she said, her voice barely audible."Yes?""Just make sure I'm not around Tom during patrols for the rest of the week."The DA has a more formal dueling pattern tonight. Hermione is still seething from her conversation with Tom and she's furious that he's decided to sit far away from her in Defense. Not that she would care. It's offensive. There's a million things her mind is thinking of that has been considering what part of Tom Riddle's existence checks off every box for being offensive. Ron challenges Hermione to a duel. He's not patronizing at all, and he respects the formalities of dueling.He's down on the ground in under three minutes."Hermione, do you need a break?" Harry asked her. He gave an okay sign for the next pair to go."I'm fine," Hermione grumbled.He makes sure she doesn't agree to any further duels.They start filtering out. She notices that Harry stays behind to give Colin Creevy some pointers. Ron nudges her out the door.There's hardly a sound in the corridors now."Nice spell work today," Ron said."I'm sorry I didn't give you a fair shot," Hermione admits."No, it's alright. Figured better me than some other poor bloke."She couldn't help a laugh that escaped her."You know I'm always here for you, Hermione," he said.Hermione nodded. They waited for Harry in the common room. He came by a little after."You know, I think after all of our meetings, I don't mind teaching as much," he said. "It's actually nice helping out others with their work."Ron starts to pitch ideas about what he thinks they should do for the next meeting and they start theorizing the next agenda. Hermione feels the urge to give them hugs before she goes upstairs for bed.Colin Creevy is found petrified on the fifth floor the next morning. The film in his camera has been ruined.The Great Hall is somber with the news at breakfast. Which is where Pink Satan thinks she's wanted."I have reported this terrible incident to Prime Minister Fudge. He does not want anyone to worry and I do not want any of you to worry. It's a tragic accident indeed but we should also put our best foot moving forward today," Umbridge announced.Ginny caught up to them as they walked to potions."Can you believe the nerve of that woman?" she said."Don't worry we don't know what caused Colin to be petrified, I would like to know what happened," Ron said.Hermione stopped and the three looked at her. She nudged them into an alcove."Harry, you were the last one that saw Colin last night," she said."Yeah, he wanted me to give him some tips on how to be more fluid in his stun work," Harry said. "And he said he wanted to take a picture of the room to add to the mirror we have.""We probably shouldn't mention this to anyone else," Ginny said."Probably not, Umbridge would have our hides," Ron agreed.Hermione is worried and the dark circles under Tom's eyes are prominent. She breaks her probation. He shrugged her off.It's hard to not feel what used to be. She doesn't know if Tom really sympathizes with the radical faction of Slytherin. And she misses talking to him. If she caught him in the library he would pack up and leave. Hermione casted a notice me not charm on herself. Then she dragged Tom into a broom closet. It was the only thing in close range she could get him into."Hermione," he said surprised."Look, I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I started a fight and pushed you out," she said."I'm sure you needed a break.""Tom, it doesn't feel right without you."They are far far too close and her hand brushes against his."I know there's some good in you. I know you better than most people and I... I believe you can be a better person," she said.The silence is deafening. They're both listening to see if anyone will walk past the forgotten corridor.He kisses her and she grabs onto him for dear life. The moment was inevitable. His hand is on her waist and rests under her shirt and she messes with his hair while he kisses her. Someone will notice. She leaves a trail of kisses down his neck."What about you? What's the worst thing you've ever done?" he asked her shuttering.She leaves the spot she meant to mark hers. There's fear behind his eyes."I kept a woman in a jar for months because she kept tarnishing my name and my friends," she admitted.There are other worst things but she's never admitted this to anyone. His hands cusp the side of her face while he kisses her. Her lips will feel sore after she can feel it now. And she opens her mouth and it's a never ending experience. She wonders if she could consider this a hate make out. He cannot possibly fit as well into her as he does if he ever opposed her. Which he's done a few times. Maybe. And she hates him for not taking care of himself in her absence.Ron asked her out to Hogsmade. He even takes her into the book shop and she doesn't get any because she can't just pick one. She should go Christmas shopping but she'll wait for the next trip. She eats at the Three Broomsticks with Ron and he tells her that he wants to try out for the Quidditch team next year. Hermione laughed at a joke he said before bringing the butterbeer goblet to her mouth. Out of the corner of her eye she notices Tom walking in with Daphne Greengrass. Her blood boils. No, they never confirmed if anything was going on. Yes, she enjoyed spending time with Ron. It also felt nice since Harry and Ginny spent an increasing amount of time together at the Quidditch field. Daphne is pretty, with long dark brown hair that rests against her back straight, and she has perfect teeth she never had to enchant, and she wears light make up that enhances her face and her delicate nose. The green peacoat she wears is tellingly expensive."I'm not feeling well, can we go back?" Hermione asked, feigning her best sad face. "I'm really sorry.""No it's not a problem," Ron said. "Do you want to borrow my scarf?"Hermione keeps her eyes fixed to the door.She does not notice Tom glaring at her and Ron as they leave.Filtch's cat is found hanging petrified. They hadn't meant to stumble onto the scene. It just happened to be on the way out of the library after their OWL studying.The Chamber of Secrets Has Been Opened Enemies of the Heir Beware. Filtch is distressed. Umbridge arrives with the other professors and stupidly claims that it must have been a prank. She gives Harry detention for trying to defend them from being accused of staging the "prank".Word spreads around quickly.The DA moves their lessons to midday on Saturdays. The attacks have been at night and they're risking enough as it is for their grades.Hermione has a patrol with Tom again. Neither of them says much besides catching the odd student out. The curfew has been made earlier. If Umbridge had her way, there wouldn't be one but Dumbledore wants his students safe."Why did you go out with Daphne Greengrass?" she asked. Her voice is cold and she won't apologize for it."Well, you went out with Weasley," Tom scoffed."Ron is my friend. And Daphne seemed much too into your company."He doesn't say anything."I was just something to break you in, isn't that right?" she pressed.He looked around. Then he pulled them into an empty classroom."You are not something to just break me in. And I noticed how close you stayed to Weasley and he seems to be attracted to you very much. I'm sorry I get jealous but at least I didn't hang his pet rat!" Tom shouted.Her eyes widen. The threat on Ron's pet rat Remy is odd. And she doesn't know how easily that came to him. He forces himself to relax into that fake persona he has. He brushed a hair of hers back."I'm sorry I went out with Daphne, she was far less entertaining than you," he said. "Besides, Hermione, you're important to me."She hates that it doesn't take more than that for her to drop her guard. And he kisses her again and Hermione has her hands around his neck. He lifts her onto the closest desk. It shouldn't be Tom. They're breaking curfew. Umbridge has it out for them. The Heir of Slytherin is out there somewhere. Instead she tugs off his robe and his tie and he feels her up. He feels good against her. Hermione doesn't shy from biting his lip once in a kiss. She knows she should still hate him.The final Quidditch game before winter break ends with Slytherin and Gryffindor fighting each other on the pitch. Malfoy plays up his injuries when Umbridge stalks down to break up the fight. Harry is given detention for being the one to throw the first punch and focusing on Malfoy.Umbridge makes a new decree. All Quidditch games are to be suspended for the rest of the year as the fight instigated by Gryffindor shows that the sport is just too violent to be promoted among students and clearly distracts them from their studies."She locked up Fred and George's brooms, can you believe that?" Ginny asked."Clearly Quidditch is something that needed to be dealt with faster than some Heir that's attacking students," Ron scoffed."Ah yes, but there is no heir and there is no attack," Hermione chimed in a mocking manner."Do you think we should even still continue?" Harry asked."I think we should space them out. We already got a bulk of it done early in the semester," Hermione said. "It's still important but we should consider everyone's safety."She gets Harry a new scarf that has warming charms, and Ron a Quidditch jersey and Ginny a pendant necklace for Christmas. Then she struggles to find Tom something. Rumors are circulating that Umbridge wants to discontinue all remaining Hogsmade trips for the rest of the year for no other purpose than spite. Hermione loads up on sugar quills and other sweets. Her parents would be ashamed of the amount of money she's spending on candy. She walks through the bookstore. There's a journal at the front. It's simple it's black and the parchment is blank. She asked the clerk if it was possible to emboss T M RIDDLE on the back and it'll be sent to her at the castle when it's done. Ginny is sitting at the bar of the Three Broomsticks when she gets there. She wonders if Harry will ever ask her to be his girlfriend or if it's too ridiculous to consider as they've only started becoming close as friends in the last year.Justin Finch-Fletchley and Nearly Headless Nick are found at the end of the holiday break petrified. This time, it makes it to the papers despite Umbridge's tight regulation of post.Fudge and Umbridge are harshly criticized in the upcoming papers. Rightly so. Instead, Prime Minister Fudge makes a statement that is meant to attack Dumbledore's control of the school and that there is nothing dangerous in Hogwarts. Hermione finds her eyes strained from the doublespeak.She made Harry and Ron go with her to the Room. It's full of lost things and abandoned trinkets and the piles are so high she knows nobody will find them."Do we have any idea who the Heir might be?" Hermione asked. "I feel like we should've started on this earlier but between Umbridge, and the DA...""Hermione, it's fine. We get it. I think we should all be blaming ourselves," Ron said. "Or maybe not. Especially after what happened to Justin and Nearly Headless Nick.""Do we have any suspects?" Harry pitched. "Umbridge seems to be righteously pureblood. Or maybe Malfoy.""Maybe it would be Malfoy," Ron shrugged.Harry is fidgeting. Ron and Hermione looked between themselves."I've heard something in the pipes," Harry admitted."The pipes?" Ron asked."It sounded like a... a snake I think," Harry said."Harry, no," Hermione said, trying to hide her anxiety."Ron deserves to know," Harry said. "I'm a Parselmouth.""Slytherin was one..." Ron muttered."But James Potter never had any sort of Parselmouth ancestry that was inherently discernible," Hermione said."No, but it means someone else in the school is one," Ron said. He turned to Harry. "Mate, you sleep talk. I've known. Everyone else sleeps like a log."The tension in Harry's shoulders disappeared."I'd make polyjuice potion for us to sneak into the Slytherin common room but we don't have that kind of time," Hermione said. She bit her thumb. If only she hadn't let Tom distract her and if only she hadn't been worried about healing Harry's hand after detentions and if only she hadn't spent less time studying and helping Ron with his homework. "I can at least, see if there's anything in the library that can help us determine why a snake would be in the pipes.""It said it was hungry," Harry interrupted. "I've heard it a few times between the attacks. It's always hungry."She's noticed Tom carrying around the notebook she gave him. He'd refused to give her his birthdate and she has better things to look up in the library. But she can't help the prideful blush that comes when she see's that notebook.It's late after a DA meeting. An impromtu one at that. Everyone else has gone down to dinner now. Hermione, instead, goes to the library. Ron follows her of course. He claimed it was for an extra layer of protection because of whatever monster was in the pipes. The Monster Book of Monsters is just as bland and neutered as she remembered it."I don't think I'll ever be as good as Riddle in Divination," Ron muttered. "What am I even supposed to know about the placement of Mars?""You've been taking the class for two years now, I thought you would've absorbed something by now," Hermione said. She put back the recent monster book in her hand. "Besides Trewlany is a fraud anyway.""I just think it's weird that Riddle is so... you know I write bullshit for her assignments.""Yes...""And Riddle will on occasion, ask to look over my work. Then he says I'm a genius."Her shoulders roll back. Another monster book hovers in front of her."I'm not saying you're an idiot, Ron. I just, it's weird that he would be interested that much in Divination and then have the audacity to think some of your last minute scrabble means something," Hermione sighed. "Can we please not talk about him anymore?""Oh, course," Ron said. "I just thought... because you guys were friends now..."She makes a more audible sigh. Yes, she makes out with Riddle in broom closets now like a typical fifteen year old. She can't even say she feels dirty after it anymore. But it feels strange talking about Riddle with Ron. It feels like betrayal."I'm going to go get dinner now," Ron announced."Oh, that's fine," Hermione said."Hermione, do you want to come with me?""Ron, I need to do this research. I swear, I'll go after I'm done or if it gets late I'll stop by the kitchens for something before walking up."His bag has been packed. He looks down at her as he's walked into the isle she's in."This thing is attacking muggleborns," he said. "And I'm...""I appreciate that you're worried, but you can go ahead of me. Besides, it's not like I'm breaking curfew," Hermione said. She put a hand on his forearm.It's calmed him down and he nods before walking out of the library. Penelope Clearwater bumps into her when she goes to the next section that could be useful."I'm sorry," Hermione said."Not a problem," Penelope smiled.They're at opposite ends of the isle. Penelope has sat herself down at one of the studying stations in the isle. There's an empty space in the books."Penelope, did you by chance, know what was here before?" Hermione asked."I think that should've been Scamander's book, Fantastic Beasts," Penelope said.Penelope resumes her studying.Hermione huffs. Scamander's book could've been the one thing she needed to read today. The man was the wizarding worlds leading zoologist and some level of eccentric. She slams a palm to her forehead. This could've been the key to figuring out what was in the pipes. Her foot almost slips moving behind her. She crouches down and picks up the stray piece of paper.A basilisk. Capable of killing with one direct look and being killed by roosters. The back of the sheet went on about unicorns. Her hand is shaking. It's only a fragment of information and she wonders if the pages preceding it would've gone on more about the basilisk. But why only leave one page ripped?"Do you think anyone else is in the library?" Hermione asked."I don't think so," Penelope said."Penelope, we have to go to Dumbledore."The older girl looked up at her confused."The thing that's been attacking students is a basilisk," Hermione said, trying to keep her voice even.It starts to sink in for Penelope. She packed up her bags and walked with Hermione. Head Girl and Prefect, they shouldn't have much trouble. Then a group of second years runs past them with what looks like one of Fred and George's magical pranks. Penelope bit her lip.Hermione finds Penelope's compact in her hand."I have to get those guys while I can," Penelope said. "Go to Dumbledore."They run off in different directions. She fumbles the compact open and see's there's two mirrors in it. The paper is tight in her hand and the compact open in her other. Only she doesn't make it much farther. The smell of sewer pierces her nose. The Basilisk. Getting to Dumbledore seems like a futile effort now and she makes a turn. The stairs move away from the next one leaving it to an open space. She hears a growling hiss. Her heart is beating mad. Then she makes the decision to look at the mirror.Tom is having his dinner quite pleasantly. The Basilisk will find whatever mudblood it finds and kill them. Although they've had a nasty track record of late only being able to petrify them. And then a girl ran in crying into the Great Hall. He rolled his eyes. Then everyone is up in arms. And then everyone is slowly abandoning their dinners and going out."Mudblood Granger's been petrified!" Draco beams.The spoon drops from his hand.The corridor he presumes she was found in has been roped off. He spots Ginny holding onto Harry while they walk with Ron. Tom lingered behind. They were stopped by Professor McGonagall."Hermione Granger will be put in the hospital wing with the other inflicted, go to your dormitory now," she commanded.He knew better than to challenge McGonagall and went with the rest of the Slytherin students to their dormitories.Hermione Granger is special. Unlike Malfoy who will attack any non pureblood for no reason, Tom knows better. He can advance with their rhetoric and seemingly falling into line with Malfoy. But he knows that there is or should be the occasional mudblood who is stronger than a pureblood. Years of intermarriage and incest has spoiled the pureblood pool. He will not credit his muggle father for the fact that he is more sane than any of the Gaunt's.There are no classes the next day.Then Umbridge declares another Decree that the school will stay open in spite of recent events.With Hermione gone, he resumes his previous routine. It's a very strange routine now as he realizes how dependent he'd become on Hermione. Now he stays quiet and holds a book in his face during his free time. No one is none the wiser to notice that he's listening to them. Picking up secrets and conversations. A number of students, especially muggleborns, have parents that are increasingly worried about the conditions at Hogwarts and want to pull them out of school. He feels lonely without her.The weeks pass and there's no solution for the petrified students.He went into the girls lavatory on the third floor. The Basilisk had disobeyed his orders. Hermione Granger was not just any regular mudblood. He'd opened the sinks and it took a moment for the Basilisk to come up. Tom avoided looking at it directly.Why did you attack the girl she was never supposed to be a target!Sheee... isss... mudblooood... liiike... massster... sssaid...A stall door opened. There was a thud.Go back!He closed the sinks and looked behind him.A girl with pig tails and now broken glasses laid on the floor. The journal in his hand dropped. His heart felt like it was being ripped out.Tom fell over on his knees and he felt his palms being torn into. He felt like he wanted to retch. Then he fell over onto his side. His eyes were on the book. He hated that he had to kill mudbloods in an effort to valid his place in with the Slytherins. He hated that no one had told him that's what he really needed to do. He hated that Hermione had gotten hurt in the process. His mind was filled with rage and regret and malice that he didn't notice the fragment of his soul that was destroyed in his body.He'd cleaned up the scene. The blood from his palms was now gone and he had managed to successfully distance himself away from the scene with one of the school's secret tunnels.The body of Myrtle was brought down the stairs. He saw Dumbledore and Umbridge arguing. A student dying on the grounds was apparently, no concern for Umbridge, nor did it facilitate a reason for anything in the school to change."It appears that we will need to close the school Professor Umbridge, unless we can find the culprit of these attacks," Dumbledore said.She gave her little annoyed trademark huff before walking ahead of the Saint Mungo's nurses that walked out with Myrtle's body. He walked up to Dumbledore."Sir, is it true that they'll shut the school down?" he asked. He couldn't go back to the boys home."Unfortunately that is the realistic possibility," Dumbledore said.Tom nodded.He tried to figure out anyway to save himself.This perhaps, was the first sign that something was wrong with him after the incident in the bathroom. Or perhaps, he had never truly cared about Hermione Granger the way he thought he did due to the effects of the love potion he was born under, not that he was aware of such circumstance.A few straggling students were in the corridor. He waved them off and threatened to have a professor revoke points unless they went back to their dorms. No one seemed to pay him any mind as he walked down to Hagrid's hut.Tom was aware that the Trio went to have tea with Hagrid on weekends mostly. But he also knew that Hagrid loved a drinking buddy. And Hagrid talked too much. Hagrid was delighted to see him. Hermione liked him, and Tom kept a pleasant demeanor in comparison to his house mates, it didn't hurt his relationship with Hagrid. He asked more about Hagrid's "pet". For the last few years he'd been maintaining a large spider somewhere.Then he pushed Harry in on his plan. Malfoy would arose too much concern. But Umbridge hated them both. Tom only had to nudge her suspicions where he wanted them too. Detention that night as well. But Umbridge seemed to be on a power trip. Hermione was out of her way leaving only him and Harry. He thought it was odd to start a feud with a student but her prerogative. A gentle nudge again. But Maria Edgecombe had come in wearing a skii mask. Harry looked horrified and Tom kept his face still unaware of what jinx had formed on the girls face. Umbridge was sure that Tom and Harry had helped Hermione create Dumbledore's Army that was purposefully meant to bring down her, and by extension, the Minister. He wondered what awful things that woman did with the man.But she couldn't bring down Dumbledore when public support was fully behind him with the recent murder of that girl."We've created a weapon, we'll show it to you," Harry said.Umbridge took their wands. They led her deep into the Forbidden Forest.Harry had stolen their wands back right as Aragog and his family came for her. They ran back. There were a number of questions Tom had for Harry, and perhaps later, Hermione. But they'd gotten rid of Umbridge. She'd turn up dead in a few hours if his plan did succeed. Which it would."Tom, it wasn't a spider that petrified those students, was it?" Harry asked."What are you talking about? It was. Did you not see those arachnids?" Tom asked.Then Harry stuck out a piece of paper in his hand from his pocket. It was a page ripped from Fantastic Beasts. A Basilisk."You wanted Umbridge gone just as much as I did," Tom bit."But that's not what petrified Hermione!" Harry snapped.He froze. Tom tried to regain his composure."Look, we tell Dumbledore that we tried to save Umbridge from Slytherin's beast. The nest is too far in there for anyone to try to destroy them," Tom said. "And the school will remain open. And Hermione can be healed."They weren't far from the castle. Tom wanted to shake Harry's shoulders and tell him that this was for the greater good and for once they'd had power over someone who had repeatedly tormented them. Was that not justice? But Harry was a good hero complex Gryffindor and the moral dilemma ran through his head. Reluctantly, he allowed himself to follow the rest of Tom's plan. And not long after, Umbridge's body was found at the edge of the forest, dead.
