The first chapter was already published as a short story name "A Beam of Light". This story is much more than that. Still, as my loyal readers have already read that chapter, I'm going to publish the next one almost immediately following the first.1-PrayerFather Dylan Roberts was standing that mid-September Thursday at the window, contemplating his sermon for the coming Sunday. He didn't lack subjects, really. The Little Whinging community was supplying him ample subjects to speak about: greed, gossip, vandalism and many more. Of course, looking superficially, all seemed normal, but one only needed to look a bit deeper to see all the ugliness. Well, part of the problem was that very few went to church, and even they were far from perfect, very far.Some movement caught his eyes. A small child, wearing way too large clothes, was moving along the street, stopping every few steps and looking around, as if making sure that nobody was following him or noticing him. After another glance along the street, the child hurried into the church that was across the street, pushed the door open, walked quickly in and closed it behind him.Father Roberts frowned. His church had suffered from vandalism, lately. While nothing was stolen – well, there was nothing of value in there – the vandals broke benches and windows, causing some unexpected expenses that his meager budget could hardly contain. Another act of vandalism would exhaust the budget and he wasn't sure he could request more. While he didn't get the feeling that this child was prone to vandalism, he'd rather err on the cautious side. He quickly left his house, crossed the road and used a side door to go into the church. It was invisible from the main hall and its hinges were well oiled, making no noise. Just in case the child was praying, he didn't want to startle him or her, and if the child was doing some wrong, he wanted to catch that child.The interior of the church was dimly lit, except for the altar area, where he normally conducted the ceremonies. There, the sunlight penetrated through the painted glass windows and threw some color patches. A particularly bright beam seem to land in front of the statue of the Madonna and child, illuminating the small child he'd seen before. That child was kneeling, looking at the mother statue with some tears in his eyes. Dylan stayed hidden and tried to listen, glad that his hunch about the child proved correct.It took a bit longer before the child, and Dylan wasn't really sure if it was a boy or a girl, spoke, barely louder than a whisper. "I'm not quite sure why I'm here. We were learning at school about the Bible and about God. I'm not convinced, though. You see, the way my relatives treat me, God should have already punished them, and quite severely. Still, if you, as a mother, can hear me..."The child seemed to stop and think of how to say what he was thinking or feeling. "I didn't even know my name was Harry until I had to go to school. They either call me 'boy' or 'freak'. Well, maybe I am a freak. Sometime, weird things happen to me or around me, things I can't explain. Last week, Dudley and his gang tried to corner me and beat me. I had nowhere to run and I was desperate. It hurt for more than a week the previous time they did it, but Aunt Petunia made me do the chores as if I was in full health and starved me when I couldn't do it quickly enough. So, when I found out I had been cornered, I wished I could be somewhere else, and suddenly I was on the top of the school, on the roof."The boy, as now was clear, stopped for a moment and grimaced. "It didn't help me much. Once the adults got me down, I was severely punished and didn't get any food."The boy looked down to the floor, looking extremely miserable, and then lifted his eyes back to the Madonna with a bit of hope in them. "I don't ask you to punish my relatives, even if they deserve punishment. I only ask that they let me eat enough and not punish me for everything that goes wrong, in their opinion. Please make them treat me fairly. I know they may never love me and I wouldn't even like them to treat me the way they treat Dudley, but why do they punish me if I get better grades than Dudley? Uncle Vernon said I was cheating, but I didn't. I didn't even try very hard, really. Can you help me? Please..."The boy lowered his head and there were definitely tears on his cheeks. Father Roberts thought it was the right time to make his presence known. He coughed lightly and then moved fully into the hall, walking slowly, so as not to frighten the child.Harry lifted his head, looking frightened at the sound, but then seemed to calm down when he saw it was the vicar. Dylan was glad that he made a habit of always wearing his official clothing. He approached the boy, who was still kneeling in front of the Madonna, and crouched at his side. "Do you know what this is?" he asked, waving his hand to indicate the whole building."It's a church, where people pray. Do you think God can really listen to them? If there is a God, that is."Dylan cringed internally. After hearing what the boy was suffering, his questions were quite expected. "I believe there is a God and he's listening to our prayers. I also believe that the ways he acts are obscure, so we can't usually understand them. For example: I know you came here to ask for some help. I believe God was listening to you and made me come here, so I can help you." He then sighed. "You see, God's intervention is rarely direct. That's why we can't prove anything; we need to believe. Now, if indeed God wants me to help you, I need to know some more about you and your situation. God almighty knows everything, but I'm just a man who tries to serve to the best of his abilities and I need you to help me help you. Do you understand."The boy seemed to think about his words and then nodded hesitantly, as if not quite sure he really understood."Now, if you don't mind, let's find a more comfortable place to talk. There's a small waiting room in the back, where I get ready for ceremonies. We can use it. We can even have some tea and biscuits there, if you like."The boy still looked a bit frightened. "I can't stay long, or my aunt would punish me," he said.Father Roberts nodded understandingly and stood up, helping the boy to his feet, and gave him his hand. "Let's try and solve one problem at a time."The back room they ended in was quite small. It contained a desk, only large enough to write some letters, several upholstered chairs, a sofa, a small coffee table and a low cupboard with some cups, tea, coffee, sugar and an electric kettle full of water on its top. Dylan pointed at the sofa and turned on the kettle. He unlocked the cupboard and took out a tin box, which he put on the coffee table. "How do you like your tea?" he asked the boy. He then remembered his name.Harry shrugged with some surprise. "Nobody ever asked me. Sweet, with some milk, if it's not too much of a bother."Father Roberts looked apologetically at him. "I don't keep milk here, as it would spoil without a refrigerator. Will powdered milk do?"Harry nodded. Dylan had the impression that this was the first time anybody asked the boy for his preferences. He busied himself preparing the tea and tried to recall the names that Harry had mentioned. None was among the regulars, but he thought they had come once, for the Christmas mass. On the other hand, he'd heard quite a lot of gossip about that family. Vernon Dursley was a corpulent man, as small minded as his body was large. Very greedy and very prejudiced, according to the gossip. Petunia Dursley was very different, physically. She was tall and slim with a horse-like face and a long neck. She was just as greedy and prejudiced as her husband and a true gossip monger. Their child, Dudley, was also very big for his age and a spoiled bully, if what he heard was right. Dylan wasn't proud of listening to gossip, but he considered the information gained this way to be important for his job. He never propagated gossip, but he was very attentive to what people were talking near him. As a pastor he needed to know his community as well as he could.With the two cups of tea in his hands, he approached the sofa, put the cups on the table and sat at Harry's side. He opened the tin box and waved at Harry to serve himself. Then, sipping the tea slowly, he took a better look at the child.Judging by his size, he would have thought that Harry was only five, but the boy said he was at school, so he must be at least six. He was wearing used clothes that were almost falling apart, although quite clean, way bigger than his small size. His trousers had been folded several times to not come in his way, and so were his sleeves. A rope was holding is trousers from falling. Had he not known better, he would have thought that the boy was living with a very poor family, yet the Dursleys were quite well off, according to gossip. Well, if believing gossip, this boy, their nephew, was deranged, dangerous and an idiot. Dylan couldn't see any of that in the polite, though slightly frightened boy at his side. Actually, it fitted the Dursley boy, Dudley, much better. His gaze wandered to the boy's shoes. These were much worse than the clothes. Even charity wouldn't have accepted them. This brought a certain idea to his mind, but it was too early to talk of that.He then noticed the way the boy was eating the biscuits. Well, children usually liked biscuits, but this one seemed to make sure that no crumbs fell, like they were too precious to waste. It looked like he was starved more often than not. Dylan felt some righteous fury rise within him. Maybe he was really meant to help this boy."Can you tell me a bit about yourself?" he asked."What do you want to know?" the boy asked."Well, let's start with your name and your family, if it's alright with you."The grimace was evident. "Well, I'm Harry. I live with my Aunt and Uncle, Petunia and Vernon Dursley, since my parents died. They live at No.4 Privet Drive. They have a son, Dudley, who is a few months older than me.""And how old are you?""Oh, sorry. I'm seven. I reached that age at the end of July."He was way too small for a seven years old boy. Dylan kept his interested, benign expression. "Do you know the exact date?"Harry seemed to search his memory. "The last day of the month, the 31st.""And why do you live with your aunt and uncle?"Harry moved on the sofa, as if this was bothering him. "Well, my parents both died in a car accident when I was a bit over one year old. I got this scar." He lifted his bangs, showing a lightening shaped scar on his forehead. It looked raw, as if he only got it a few hours earlier.Dylan gasped. Although he'd left his family many years ago, he was still in contact with some of his relatives. He'd heard a bit about a boy with a lightening shaped scar. Could it be this boy?"Do you know when that happened, I mean the date."The boy shrugged. "It was at Halloween. I was brought to my aunt a day or two later. Left on the doorstep, so she says.""You didn't yet tell me your last name," the vicar commented."Oh, it's..." the boy scrunched his face, as if trying to remember something almost forgotten. "Potter. I rarely use it. I didn't even know it until I went to school." He sounded apologetic.That fitted. Dylan didn't understand how anybody could treat a child this way, and more so – one who was considered a hero. Well, it was in the other world – he had to remind himself."Can you tell me a bit about your life at home?"Harry shrugged. "I have no home, if I understand it correctly. Home is where one feels relaxed and safe, isn't it? I'm never relaxed there and I feel safer anywhere else.""Don't they love you at all?"Harry's face turned bitter, an expression nobody expected from such a young child. "Love? Maybe my parents loved me. I couldn't know. I was too young when they died. I don't think that the Dursleys even know what love is. They pamper their child and spoil him, but I don't think they really love him."That could also be a problem, but not as acute, Dylan thought. He first needed to take care of this boy. "Don't you want some better fitting clothes?" he asked.Harry shrugged. "They only give me Dudley's old clothes when they become too small or too old for him, and he's much bigger than me.""Don't your relatives have enough money?" he actually knew the answer, but he needed to know how it was presented to the boy."Oh, they have more than enough, but they don't want to spend any money on 'the freak' – that's me.""You're not a freak!" Dylan had to control himself not to shout that. "You're a boy with some very special talents that your relatives may not understand, but you're certainly not a freak!" He took a few calming breathes, not wanting to frighten the child. "Well, I think there are some used clothes given to charity that look better than these and could also fit you better. We can exchange your clothes with some of that. What do you say?"Harry frowned. "My relatives wouldn't be content. Dudley will surely tear them to pieces and then I'll have nothing to wear."Dylan cringed inside, trying to keep his calm expression. It was becoming harder and harder. "Maybe I should accompany you and talk with your relatives. I'm sure I can persuade them to treat you a bit better." If not, he still had his wand somewhere. Maybe he should take it with him, just in case…Harry considered the offer. Dylan hoped that his clergy clothing would have the desired effect both on the child and on his relatives. The boy seemed to reach a decision. "Alright. I'll see if there are better clothes there, if you come to the Dursleys' with me." His phrasing made it evident that the place was not "home" for him.Dylan led the child to another room at the back of the church, where several big carton boxes were full with clothing, sorted by size. Some other contained shoes. "Why don't we start with the shoes?" Dylan suggested.Harry nodded solemnly. He then sat on the floor and took off his shoes, exposing a pair of threadbare socks, also larger than his feet. Dylan sighed internally and moved to the pile of socks first. A few minutes later, Harry was wearing his "new" pair of shoes over a fitting pair of socks. His smile lighted the room. 'It's moments like this that make my job worthwhile,' Dylan thought.Finding a better pair of trousers was also no problem, although Harry had to take off his new shoes, and did it very reluctantly. "We now need to find a shirt for you," Dylan said jovially. "Why don't you take off your shirt so we can see what fits?"The boy looked suddenly frightened. "This one is not very big," he said, evidently unhappy at taking off his shirt. It only made Dylan more determined. "Nonsense! You could almost fit twice in this one. Let me help you now, if you want.""No! I can do it myself!"It was evident that Harry made sure to face Dylan while taking his shirt off. He probably failed to notice the large mirror on the other wall, the one he was turning his back to. Dylan had to stop himself from gasping when he saw Harry's back. The lines crisscrossing his back were evident signs of abuse. He wondered why none of the teachers at school noticed the boy's misery. Well, whoever put him with the Dursleys was probably making sure he stayed there. Dylan was still determined to improve Harry's life, even if he couldn't take him away from that house.It only took a short while to find an appropriate shirt. Dylan made sure to choose one that had no recognizable design, so that no child could say, 'This used to be mine,' and embarrass Harry."Leave your old clothes in the corner. Some volunteers take all donations, repair and wash as needed before giving them back for charity." Actually, these clothes were going to the garbage bin as soon as he could do it, without Harry seeing it, that is."What time is it?" Harry asked, looking suddenly afraid.Dylan checked his watch. "It's half past three. Are you in a hurry?""My aunt will punish me if I don't start preparing Dinner by four. If I'm late, she won't even let me eat any and send me to my cupboard without a meal," Harry explained.Once again, Dylan had to keep tight control, not to show how angry he was becoming. The boy might not understand it and be frightened. Instead, he took the boy's hand in his and smiled. "I'll escort you back. I might even have a chat with your aunt. You know, as a pastor, I need to get to know the people in my community."Harry nodded and smiled. Dylan really hoped things would become better for the boy. He prayed in his heart that his mission would succeed. This boy deserved much better. Well, any boy deserved better.His mind started scheming. He'd not been a Slytherin for nothing, after all. Cunning was natural for him. He reviewed all he knew about the Dursleys. It looked like they wanted to seem as "Normal" as possible. He would point out that pampering one boy and neglecting another, even if he was only an orphan left on their doorstep, was not normal, and that the neighbors might think they were poor, if they let the boy wear hand-me-downs. He would also point that both boys should have similar rooms and perform similar chores. As for the school grades… He would have to think some more of that. And he'd ask to see them at church each Sunday, since that's what "normal" families do, all wearing their best. Yes, that had a good chance of working. If not, he could always take his wand with him on the next visit…

2-VisitIt didn't take very long to reach Privet Drive. Harry was silent and Dylan knew better than to force a conversation. After all, what would a seven year child have to talk to an adult whom he barely knew? He only watched, noticing how Harry was becoming more agitated the closer they got to their destination.He knocked on the door that was opened almost immediately by Mrs. Dursley. Her sour face turned into a forced smile as soon as she saw him. "Good afternoon, Reverend. To what do I owe this visit?"He forced himself to smile, keeping a hand on Harry's shoulder. "I just happened to notice your nephew and I thought that maybe I needed to talk to you and find if you're in any financial difficulties, since his clothes were quite horrid. I allowed myself to replace them with some better charity clothes."Petunia glanced at the boy and couldn't hold back a grimace. "No, reverend. We're doing quite well financially. Thank you for your concern."It was evident to him that she didn't want to elaborate and only wanted him to go away. His plan was quite different, though. "Well, since I'm already here, I thought I might have a chat with you and your family. You know, in my position I need to get to know as many of the members of our community as possible. It won't take long and I'm sure I'll enjoy seeing your nice house." A bit of flattery was always helpful.Petunia pasted a smile on her face. "Of course, reverend. Please come in." She glanced at Harry, noticing the protective hand on his shoulder. That prevented her from saying anything to the boy. Dylan wondered for how long that would stay effective.She led the priest to the living room and motioned him to the sofa. "I'll bring some refreshments. Boy, come and help me!"Harry looked apologetically at the priest and followed her to the kitchen. Dylan didn't hear any talking, only commands: "Take this! Put that! Bring this! Don't touch it, you idiot!"Dylan cringed at hearing her. That was no way to talk to a small child. Not even a way to talk to a paid servant. His opinion of this woman was plummeting, and it had been quite low to start with. He looked around, noticing that there were many photographs of an oversize child on display. Not a single one included Harry. Evidently, Harry didn't exaggerate when describing his situation.Petunia returned, carrying a kettle. Harry followed her, carrying a large tray with two cups, a jug of milk, sugar, tea, and a bowl with some small cakes. It looked quite heavy, certainly not something that such a young boy should carry. Petunia pointed at the coffee table and Harry put it obediently there. She then added the kettle on the tray.Before she had a chance to speak, Dylan told Harry, "We're going to talk about things you already know. I suggest you go play in your room."Petunia seemed to be frightened by what he said, although he couldn't understand why. "Go play in Dudley's room," she ordered. "Make sure not to break anything."Harry mounted the stairs hesitantly. Dylan felt the tension, but was unable to understand it. Maybe the conversation would help some. "I thought your husband would join us," he commented."Vernon is due home in about an hour. He only finishes work at five," she said sharply."Oh, well. I was just hoping to get to know the two of you, and your son too." He tried to sound disappointed, although he felt like every moment spent in the company of this woman was a moment too long."What did you want to know?" she asked, not quite politely.He tried to ignore her tone and look as nonthreatening as possible. For now, he needed to collect information. The time for looking more persuasive would come later."Oh, whatever you'd like to tell me. You know, in my position, I hear a lot of gossip. Some may be true, but most is just exaggerated or even lies. I'd like to know things for sure and not rely on gossip to form my opinion. As a pastor, I need to know the people to do my job right, as you may imagine."Petunia nodded. Judging by her facial expression, he was sure that she was wondering what negative gossip he'd heard about the family. "There's not much to tell, I'd say. We're a perfectly normal family. My husband works at Grunning as the sales manager, getting well paid. I'm a stay-at-home mother, keeping everything clean and tidy, as any normal wife would do. Our son is in second grade and doing just fine."He waited in vain a few more seconds for her to continue. He then asked, "What about the fourth member of your family?"She paled for a moment and then reddened. "The boy is not part of our family!""He still lives with you and you're still responsible for him. He's your nephew, isn't he?""Unfortunately..." escaped her mouth before she could stop it.He tried to misinterpret her comment. "Of course, it's unfortunate that his parents died, but now he's here and he's a part of your family, whether you want that or not. It would be safer not to make it look like you're negligent in your treatment of that boy, or it may attract some unwanted gossip. Just as I assumed you have financial problems after seeing the way he dresses, so may others. Some may even think you're deliberately neglecting him. It's very important that both the children living in this house get about the same treatment: both should have chores, both should have similar wardrobes, both should have their own toys and games, even if they share some with each other, and both should stand together as family against all others. Didn't you and your sister act the same when you were children?""How do you know I had a sister?"He knew he had slipped there, but it wasn't a real problem. "I asked Harry many questions. He was reluctant to answer, but I learned all I needed to know, eventually." It was more than a hint that he knew some unflattering things too.Petunia paled. Although she and Vernon rarely went to church, some of their neighbors were regularly going there. If the vicar got a bad impression of them, that could spread around and she would no longer be able to live in this neighborhood. And yet, the letter that had been left for her along with her nephew told her in very precise words that she could not move elsewhere until he reached seventeen. They had actually tried to move when the children were five, so that Dudley could go to a less demanding school. They couldn't even put the "For Sale" sign. It would just go blank as soon as they set it in place. They couldn't even talk to a real-estate agent, turning mute as soon as they were asked what they wanted. She just couldn't let this man get a bad impression of her!"Well, my husband grew up in a poor family and can't stand wasting money on buying new clothes when the old ones could still be used, especially for children. They grow so fast, you know," she tried to excuse her behavior."That's understandable, but not justifiable. Now that he can afford buying clothes for both children, both should get new clothes just the same, and also toys and games. I also expect you to encourage both children to do their best in school and compliment each for good grades." He could see that she didn't like his words.He didn't wait for her to speak again. He just asked, "Can you show me your house, please? It seems really nice and is much larger than my own. It looks like you maintain it very well, keeping it so clean."Petunia couldn't stand the chance to brag a bit, as he expected, knowing the type of person she was. She took the bait. "Sure, reverend… I'm not sure I know your name.""Oh, sorry. I should have introduced myself. I go by Father Roberts, mostly, or Dylan Roberts."She smiled, although it didn't reach her eyes. "Well, Father Roberts, this is our sitting room. As you can see, we no longer use the fireplace..."She was glad to talk about each of the pictures adorning that room. He refrained from asking about the lack of Harry's pictures. It was evident that the boy wasn't liked in this house. She then showed him the spotless kitchen, the backyard with its immaculate flower beds, the well arranged laundry room and then, on the upper floor, the master bedroom, Dudley's room and the two additional rooms."Where's Harry's room?" he asked benignly.She paled once again. He was sure that she was trying to come up with a plausible story. "Well, he used to sleep in the cupboard under the stairs when he was smaller. It was easier for me, when I was working in the kitchen. He used to have a lot of nightmares of that night, when his parents died in the accident. Now he's no longer having nightmares and he's becoming too big to stay there. We were planning to move him to one of the spare rooms."This was evidently a lie, but he could use it. "I think the larger of the two would be better. While they grow up, children accumulate a lot of stuff, you know. I'd also suggest to have them throw away old and broken toys to make room for new ones before each birthday. If the old toys are still good enough, they can give them to charity. It's a very educational act, you know, and it also helps in preventing the children from accumulating too much junk."Petunia was quick to agree. "Of course, Father Roberts. I think that's what Vernon had in mind." He didn't need to use Legilimency to know this was a lie."Oh, and before I go, can you send Harry to me twice a week? He's shown some interest in the few drawings and sculptures we have, although most are just cheap replicas. I'd like to see if he has any talent in arts. How about Tuesday and Thursday, after lunch, say at… two o'clock?""Sure, Father Roberts. That sounds quite nice." He could see how she had to fight her tendency to deny her nephew everything. He felt like he'd just won a small battle."And I expect to see the four members of your family on Sundays. I'm looking forward to get to know the two other members." He made sure to make it sound more like a command than merely a suggestion.Petunia could barely hold her sigh of relief until he left and she closed the door behind him. Dylan had his own sigh of relief as soon as he left the place. He also felt dirty, despite the Dursley residence looking sterile. He felt like he needed a hot shower and a long meditation to wash away the mental and moral dirt of the Dursleys.That night, Dylan found it difficult to fall asleep. His thoughts kept returning to Harry Potter. Well, not to The-Boy-Who-Lived, just to the little, scrawny, underfed and neglected boy that he'd got to meet earlier. He wondered if his intervention helped the boy. His aunt was horrible, worse than what the gossip suggested, and his uncle was probably much worse. Still, the woman seemed to fear his social influence, if nothing else. Maybe that could be used to further help Harry? Could he do that? And why was he suddenly so interested?Dylan sighed. He couldn't deny that once he knew who this boy was, it piqued his interest. Yet he was sure that he would have acted the same way even if the boy was someone else, not at all known in the other world. It was just not right, probably even criminal, to treat a child this way. Still, knowing who this boy was and who was supposedly taking interest in him, he was sure he would not be able to involve the police or the social services. He would just try to help in other ways, give Harry the care and encouragement every child deserved. He would have liked to give him love too, but he wasn't sure he could.Dylan tried to think of any other option he had to help Harry. After a while, his thoughts became muddled and he finally drifted to uneasy sleep.

3-PreacherFather Roberts could barely wait for Sunday. Unlike other times, when he had to search for a meaningful subject to talk about, one that would help improve the community, he had no problem finding an appropriate subject for this weekend. Actually, he had the inverse problem. There was so much he thought he needed to say that he wondered how he could do it without boring his audience. 'I'll have to do it piece-wise, tackling a different aspect each week,' he decided. He also decided to write it down verbatim, unwilling to leave it to his improvisational talents, the way he normally did. This was too important for an improvisation.Come Sunday, he watched attentively as family after family walked into his church. He had no problem recognizing the Dursleys, despite having only met Petunia. That woman was dressed conservatively and was tightly holding the hand of her nephew, who was wearing all new clothes that fit him well. She was holding another boy by her other hand, one who seemed twice as wide and quite a bit taller than the other, despite being about the same age. They were followed by a man who was almost as wide as he was tall, dressed in a business suit and seeming a bit frightened, judging by his body language. From his position, the reverend couldn't distinguish facial expressions.The Dursleys found seats a bit farther from his position than he liked. He could still see that they seemed uncomfortable. He wasn't sure if it was due to being in church or due to having Harry with them. He smiled internally. The boy was behaving very nicely, sitting quietly and only looking around with evident interest. This time, the church was well lit, and the various icons, paintings and sculptures (most of them mass-produced replicas, but still quite impressive) seemed to dominate the congregation. The other boy wasn't as well behaved. He was impatient, whined of boredom and didn't seem to like the slightly restrictive Sunday clothing. The words 'spoiled brat' came uninvited into Dylan's mind.It then went as most other Sundays until it was time for his weekly sermon. He took his place, enjoying the feeble sun rays coming through the windows and falling on him, making him a more prominent figure. 'I'll need every bit of help with this,' he though. He took a deep breath, momentarily glancing at the Dursleys, before straightening himself and addressing his audience."Today's subject is Family, or more precisely – Family Love. Each and every one of us has some family..." He tried to be succinct and precise and to give a clear message: Love was something everybody deserved, regardless of their abilities, talents or shortcomings. Although there was nothing to point at the Dursleys in his sermon, both adults seemed to squirm in their places. He was glad. He wasn't sure if they'd change the way they treated Harry, but they clearly understood his message, and that was a step in the right direction.Once the Sunday service was over, he quickly took his place at the door, exchanging a few words with each family. The Dursleys were among the first to leave. Dylan was glad that he could intercept them in time. "Have you enjoyed the service?" he asked politely.Vernon only grumbled unintelligibly. Petunia forced a smile on her face and said, "It was a very beautiful service, Reverend."Dylan turned his eyes at Harry. "How have you found it, Harry?"The boy smiled. "The music was beautiful and you spoke very nicely.""Don't forget we have a meeting on Tuesday, after lunch," Dylan said, directing it more to the adults than to Harry."Of course. I'll make sure he keeps the meeting," Petunia said.He now turned to the obese boy. "You must be Dudley, I assume. Did you like coming to church?"The boy had no idea that he needed to lie politely. Well, most young children don't know it. He just blurted the truth, as he saw it. "It was long and boring and I didn't understand most of what you said."Dylan smiled reassuringly, despite wanting to smack the boy's face. "I'm sure that your parents will be able to explain what you missed in my sermon. Are you interested in any art, like painting, sculpture or just music?"Dudley only grimaced, making his answer clear enough. The vicar was actually glad of that. He didn't need Dudley around when he talked to Harry, but he needed to act about the same to both children, just as he preached."Well, I hope you have a good week and I expect to see you here next week," he said, letting them move away to allow the next family exit the church."That nephew of them looks quite nice when properly dressed, and better behaved than their son, despite what they normally tell people about him," one woman said."I never really trusted what they told everybody about the boy. If any of the boys is a freak, it's that fat oaf of their son," another said."Well, look at his father. No matter how nice he tries to act, he's just a bully. I wonder how he can even keep his job," her husband said."Either connections or blackmail, I'm sure. He has no manners and minimal knowledge. I've heard he loses his firm more clients than he gains. He would have been fired under normal circumstances," her husband said.The vicar just listened, as always, only saying goodbye to each passing family, while his mind was already contemplating what he could do to help Harry.\/\/\/Two hours later, dressed very differently, Dylan joined his birth family at the manor. He had never told them what he was doing in the Muggle world. None was really interested. For most of his family, living as a Muggle was incomprehensible. How could a person live without magic? Even turning the lights on (which normally meant lighting candles or torches) was a real chore without magic, so they thought. At first, he tried to explain that the muggles had ingenious ways to do things even better than by magic in many cases, but his words were dismissed as if he was a child trying to cover a misdeed. They weren't even interested in what he was doing for living. He only told them he had a good job and could live nicely on the income. It was stretching the truth a bit, but that seemed to satisfy his family, and he really lived well enough, even if not luxuriously.He was quite surprised when his sister asked, "So, has anything interesting happened to you lately?"He knew he shouldn't go into details. "Well, I happened to find an orphan whose guardians were mistreating him and I started helping him. I hope my intervention would really make a difference for good."She frowned. "Why would somebody mistreat a child? Don't they know that each child is a blessing? Is that a Muggle thing?"He shook his head. "No. Most muggles love their children and try to treat them right, but some, just like some magicals, have different ideas, and orphans seem to attract either the best or the worst behavior."She grimaced and patted her bulging belly. "I hope to be a good mother."He smiled at her, glad to see her husband, who was at her side, agreeing with all that she said. His sister in law, Rosemary, seemed interested, though. "If that boy is mistreated, why don't you try to help him find proper guardians?"Dylan sighed. "I don't think I can. That family has probably some ties that prevent that. You see, for the boy to be taken from that family, somebody must investigate the way he's treated, yet nobody seems to notice it or do anything about it. I'm trying to help by changing the way they treat the boy. This seems a more promising direction."Rosemary frowned. "How old is the boy?"He shrugged. "About Daphne's age, I think. His birthday is in July."Her eyes lighted momentarily. "Had he been magical, he could become a good mate to my Daphne, or maybe to Astoria."He chuckled. "Aren't they too young for matchmaking?"She hit his arm playfully. "Oh, you know what I mean." She then turned serious. "You know Cygnus is taking his position as Head of House very seriously. He promised your father on his death bed to keep the Greengrass name going and safe. Knowing whom he's thinking as appropriate candidates for betrothal contracts, I'd rather find others. He loves his daughters, but that doesn't seem to be a consideration in handling family matters.""Didn't you sign a contract shortly after she was born?"Rosemary sighed. "We negotiated with Potter. We had a final draft, but then they were murdered and Harry disappeared." She sighed again. "I wish I knew he was alive and well. He was such a lively and adorable child..." She shook herself back to the present. "Well, Cygnus will wait until Daphne reaches Hogwarts. If Harry won't be there, he'll start negotiating a contract in earnest. Right now he's just trying to find as many candidates as possible. I really hope that would not be necessary."Dylan smiled. "Well, the boy is supposed to have survived the attack, isn't he? I'm sure he'll come to Hogwarts at the right time." 'And I'll do all I can to assure that, if necessary,' he added in his mind.Just as they were getting ready for dinner, a house-elf led in the girls. Both seemed delighted to see him, running to hug him tightly. "Uncle Darius, may I sit at your side?" Daphne asked. Noticing her sister's frown she quickly added, "and maybe Story can sit at your other side." Astoria smiled again."If your parents allow, I'll be glad to sit between you two," he said, patting their shoulders. He really liked these two girls. He only wondered if he could find someone to share his life and bring children with.He enjoyed his visit. Although his family was quite conservative, it was still a warm and supporting family. He only missed his parents, who died when Daphne was merely two years old within two months of each other. In a way, he had expected this. When his mother got terminally ill, he was sure that his father would not live long after she died. Although they rarely displayed affection in public, or even in front of their closest family, he knew they loved each other very deeply. He wished he could find such love, or any love at all.Just before leaving, his brother stopped him. "You've already told us you're doing quite well, but I'm sure you can't easily find some of what we take for granted. You know that the family business handles potions and ingredients. You should feel free to take whatever you need from that."Dylan smiled. "You know, I may find some use for a nourishing potion. That orphan I'm now interested in has suffered regular starvation and stunted growth, as a result. Some potions may do him good."Cygnus frowned. "Are you sure? These potions don't work as efficiently on Muggles, you know."Dylan smiled reassuringly. "I have a feeling he's one of the war orphans. No matter if he's magical or not, the magical world owes him at least that."Cygnus turned somber. "Yes. That war caused a lot of suffering for no justifiable cause. We all owe the victims everything."Dylan returned home with several potion vials in his pockets. He was sure that the nutrition potion and the growth potion would help Harry nicely. He also started thinking about other ways to help, but that would wait for a better opportunity. He first needed to plan his Tuesday meeting with the boy, see how to give him the potions and how to make him more confident. He shouldn't do anything too quickly or it would look suspicious. Well, Dylan was a patient man. As long as he could help Harry, he was content.
