Skip to Chapter 1 if you have read Wildest Dreams or Halfblood Princess the prologue is identical to this story but this story follows Hallie Porter and her journey.In June 1978 a young woman by the name of Cassandra Rice was attending Hogwarts and was in her seventh year. She had long straight chocolate brown hair and stunning dark brown eyes. She was a pureblooded witch although this was not important to her as it was for the rest of her house members as she was a Slytherin and one of the few friends Severus Snape actually had. Everyone believed this to be very odd when she was placed in the Slytherin house due to her kind and loving nature but the Sorting Hat never fails at the placement of the students.It was the end of term everyone was saying their goodbyes, Cassandra was looking for Severus before she left. She spotted him under a tree reading a book, she gave a small smile then approached him "Severus" she spoke softly.He looked up from his book pushing some hair back, "Cassandra...is everything alright?"She gave a soft laugh and nodded "I wanted to say goodbye. This is our last day at Hogwarts before we all go to do great and wondrous things.""Not all of us will go onto do great things, Cassie. Some of us are not as fortunate to already have a job waiting on us with the Ministry..." she took a seat next to him in the grass as he spoke "although Dumbledore did offer me a teaching position here once I gain more training. I am hoping it is the defense against the dark arts position.""That is wonderful, Sev! You will be a great professor" she smiled at him clearly very proud, "I am not sure if I should join the ministry, my father got me the position. I want to travel and see the world" she leaned into him "we are young and clearly with the war going on we need to take risks and see what the world has to offer. We only have one life and I do not want to use it stuck in some office."Severus tensed up a moment when she leaned into but relaxed after a moment, she made him feel comfortable and after losing Lily it was nice to have a friend again. "Cassie...""Hmm?" she glanced up at him"I...I..." he was not sure how to explain how he felt to her.She sat up and looked him in the eyes "I like you too and not just in a friend way. I like you more than that" she leaned in and kissed him. This caught Severus off guard but then responded to the kiss by kissing back and pulling her closer to him. She pulled away "Should we go somewhere..." she glanced around them; they were completely alone she looked back at him "more private." He just nodded unable to speak. She laughed and stood up then they went back to the school and found an abandoned classroom.When Cassandra and Severus arrived at King's Cross, he pulled her to the side where it was a bit more private "I want to give you something...something to remember me by""How could I ever forget you? You are my friend just like Ann and Patrick" she said, Ann and Patrick were her friends from Ravenclaw who were dating each other.He took a deep breath and pulled a necklace with a periwinkle flower on it "we do not what the future may hold but I hope that if you wear this that you will always remember me"She smiled "I love it. It is beautiful...do I have to put it on myself?" He shook his head and she turned around and moved her hair in order for him to put the necklace on her. Once it was on, she turned back around and gave him a peck on the lips "Thank you. I will write to you""Look forward to it," he said as she walked away to find her parents._A month later Cassandra discovered herself expecting, she was sitting with her friend Ann "I am pregnant" she said "What do I do?"Ann sighed, "Cassandra you do not have many options. You can keep it and raise it or give birth and give it up for adoption although with the current war there's already so many orphaned children or you can..."Cassandra shook her head stopping Ann from finishing her sentence "I want this baby...I love the father I do but he is not fully there I think he is still in love with someone else.Ann placed a hand on her friend's "then there is your answer. You can keep the baby; I would tell the father but that is me. If you do not want him involved then do not tell him. If he still in love with another then he will never be able to fully love you, the child may be but not you.""I have not seen him since we went our separate ways at King's Cross...I am doing this on my own. This is my baby and I will raise it the way I see fit""If that is what you want to do then I will support you and I know Patrick will too. You will not raise the baby alone we are here for you"Cassandra hugged her "You are the best!"_In March 1979 Cassandra went into labor, she never told Severus about the baby. Ann was there to help her with everything. "Alright Cassandra one more push and the baby will be here," the healer told her, and with one final push the baby was born, "Congratulations! You have a daughter."The healer handed the baby to another healer to let Cassandra see before taking the baby to get cleaned up, "She is beautiful" she cried "She is mine."Ann squeezed her hand "Yes, she is. She is beautiful and no one is taking her from you."They got Cassandra and the baby to recovery; she was sitting in bed holding the baby wrapped in a pink blanket. "Do you have a name?" Ann askedCassandra touched the necklace Severus gave her while looking at her daughter "Periwinkle Elizabeth King""King? I do not remember attending school with someone with the last name King."She looked up "You did not know him. I met him in Hogsmeade and had a bit too much butterbeer."Ann nodded but did not believe thatIn September 1981, Cassandra was working for the ministry and raising Periwinkle by herself, Ann tried to get her to join the Order but she claimed with work and being a single mother, she just did not have the time. Cassandra was at the burrow with Periwinkle and Ann and Patrick's twin daughters, she was there to keep Molly company while everyone was out battling death eaters. The children were all asleep and the two were tidying up the living area while they waited."Shouldn't they be back already?" Cassandra asked concerned as she glanced at the clock just as Arthur's hand on the clock switched to home."There they are," Molly said with relief as Arthur and some other members of the order came in as well."Molly" Arthur said hugging her and giving her a kiss.Cassandra searched the people who were there, "Where's Ann? Patrick?"The room went quiet no one wanting to say anything. Remus stepped forward "Cassie…""No…no…you are wrong! They can't be!"Molly came over to her, "There now child it will be alright.""Their daughters…they have no family. Ann was an orphan herself and Patrick lost his parents months ago. These girls have no one.""I suppose then they will go to an orphanage until they are adopted."Cassandra shook her head, "No I will do it. I will adopt them. Their parents were my best friends. I am their godmother I will take care of them…but it is no longer safe here. I am moving to America."A few days passed and they were having a joint funeral for Ann and Patrick, "Mummy and daddy loved you two very much." she told Hallie and Holly who did not have a clue what was going on.At the reception that was being held at the Burrow, Cassandra had just gotten the twins and Periwinkle to sleep for their afternoon nap. She went to the edge of the property she needed some space. She was leaning against a tree with the wind blowing, it was nearing October and the weather was becoming cooler. Footsteps approached from behind her, "I would like to be alone for a moment please.""You had a child," the voice saidShe looked up and turned towards the voice "Severus…what are you""I am apart of the order…I came to pay my respects to them.""Oh…I did not know you joined. Um…thank you for coming though."He nodded, "You are welcome. I will repeat though you had a child.""I did…Periwinkle"Severus glanced at the necklace she still wore, "Periwinkle? Is she?""Look Severus I got to go. I leave tomorrow for America" she went to walk past him"You did not answer my question!" he raised his voice which he had never done towards her before. He grabbed her arm stopping her from walking "Is she mine?""Let go of me, Severus!" she tried to pull her arm from his grip.Lily approached them coming to check on her, "Cassie are you alright?" she asked which made Severus release his grip then left."Yes, I am fine. Just Peri's father trying to cause trouble.""Is her father Severus?"She said nothing but gave a simple nod, "I do not want him to know."Lily nodded, "I understand"The following day, Cassandra was at the docks preparing to board a ship to America. "Are you sure you want to leave?" Molly asked, everyone was there to say goodbye."I am sure. It is not safe here to raise these girls here. Hallie and Holly already lost both of their parents; I am not leaving them alone ever again."Molly nodded then gave them a hug as did everyone else."You are a very brave young witch, Cassie," Remus told her as he was the last to say goodbye, "I will be back one day. I would like the girls to attend Hogwarts, know where they are from, and meet everyone until I feel it is finally safe to return then I will remain with them in America." He nodded as the ship blew its horn for final boarding. She took the twins' hands "Peri grabbed Holly's hand and let's go find our new home."They boarded the ship "Bye-bye!" the girls said once they were on board and waving goodbye to everyone on the docks.What Cassandra did not know is that Severus had come to watch them leave as well. Lily who was at the docks as well saying goodbye looked behind her and noticed Severus standing in the far back, she handed Harry to James then excused herself claiming she needed to use the loo. She went to him "You did not say goodbye?"He looked at her, "We ended on bad terms.""Did you? Or did you bail on her? From what I gathered from Ann was that you never answered her letters when she wrote now, she did not know she was writing to you but it was obvious of course. Cassie was in love with you.""I was in love with another. I love her too but not as much I loved someone else.""Her daughter is yours. It is of course very obvious; Periwinkle resembles you very much.""I am not the father type.""You could be if you tried. I should go though."Severus looked back towards the ship as it was sailing away towards America.

Chapter 1: The BurrowThe Banks family, Porter Twins, and Periwinkle had recently moved into their new home located just up the road a bit from the Burrow. They were walking over to meet Cassandra's old friends the Weasley family. "Girls, I want you all on your very best behavior. The Weasley family is a friend of mine. They also have Harry Potter staying with them on one of their children's friends as well I believe her name is Hermione."Hallie was reading Witch Weekly while they walked, but the name Harry Potter brought her attention away from her magazine, "Potter? Harry Potter? The boy who lived that Harry Potter?"Cassandra gave a small laugh at her goddaughter, "Yes that Harry Potter.""This is fascinating! I have read so much about him and how he defeated you-know-who.""Of course, you have," Periwinkle said under her breath as they approached the burrow for dinner with the Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione. Although they have of course never met Harry, Hallie like most young girls had a celebrity crush on him.Cassandra gave them both looks, "Behave," she warned her daughter then knocked on the door of the BurrowInside they could hear movement then a woman yell, "Arthur! Kids! Our guests are here!" Just then the door opened, "Oh my word, Cassie look at you! You have not aged a bit!""Hello Molly," Cassandra smiled, "it is so lovely to see you again.""I cannot believe it has been thirteen years since you left for America. My…" Molly looked at the children then laid eyes on Periwinkle, "My heavens is this…is this Periwinkle? Child, you were just a toddler the last I saw you.""Yes ma'am," Periwinkle said, "but I go by Peri now. Periwinkle just is not my style."Molly nodded, "Well Peri you look absolutely beautiful just like your mother.""Thank you," Periwinkle smiled looking at her mom who was smiling back at her."You remember Hallie and Holly Porter, right? They were…""Ann and Patrick's children," Molly looked towards the Porter twins, "now if my memory is correct you are Hallie," she looked at Hallie, who had long straight chestnut brown hair with emerald green eyes. She also a bit tanner than her twin, "you look very much like your father except those are your mother's eyes."Hallie smiled and looked at her sister before looking back toward Molly, "I am pleased to hear I have something of his and not just his last name. I adore my eyes it is the only thing Holly and I have in common."She gave her a sad smile then looked at Holly, "And you are your mother's daughter no doubt about that. You are the spitting image of her," she noticed the book in her hand, "just like her. She always had a book; she was the perfect student and was even ahead girl.""I want to be just like her…well both of my parents. I want them proud of me.""They are definitely proud of both of you," Cassandra and Molly both told them.The two women laughed, "Well I guess these are your two other children…Alicia and Mallory, right?""Yes. Mallory is eleven and will be starting her first year at Hogwarts. Alicia is ten, she is very jealous of her older sisters who are going to Hogwarts."Molly nodded, "And this must be your husband.""Yes, this is Richard," she smiled up at him.Molly then realized she had not let them inside yet, "well enough standing outside come inside. Now speaking of husbands and kids where are mine? Arthur! Kids!"The shuffle of movement from upstairs was heard as they all begun to come downstairs, "I at least hope the guys are attractive," Periwinkle whispered to Hallie and Holly who stood next to her."Did you not see the Christmas card from last year? They are just alright," Hallie said, "I hope the men at Hogwarts look way better.""Is that all you two think about is how attractive a man is?" Holly asked them."No…" Hallie said as she glanced over at the stairs just as Fred and George walked down, she instantly went speechless."You were saying?" Periwinkle teased but Hallie was too distracted by staring at FredFred glanced around the crowded downstairs just as his eyes fell upon Hallie who quickly looked away from him just as he looked at her, "Whoa…" he let slip accidentally.George looked at him confused then followed his line of vision then chuckled looking back at him, "love at first sight?"He looked at his brother coming out of his trance, "what? No, she is the same as Ron that would be…" he looked back at her, "let's not be rude let's go say hello."George rolled his eyes as the two approached the three young ladies, "hello boys," Periwinkle said, "my name is Periwinkle but everyone calls me Peri and these are my sisters…well godsisters Holly," she indicated to her."Hello," Holly greeted them by shaking their hands, "this is my twin, Hallie."Hallie was a bright shade of pink, "Hi…" she squeaked which just made her pinker in the face."Are you alright?" Fred asked with concern noticing her coloring and the squeak in her voice."Oh…um…yes. Please excuse me," she walked away quickly.Periwinkle laughed, "Yeah she is totally fine just having a…" Cassandra had been watching the situation and glared at her daughter, "a bad case of the giggles. I had just told a joke before you and your brother approached. I do not believe I caught your names.""I am Fred and this George," Fred told her, "so…Hallie likes jokes?""Do you like jokes?" Periwinkle asked knowing she was about to make some mischief happen.Fred and George both laughed looking at each other then back at her, "do we like jokes she says. Peri, we love jokes but especially pranking.""Oh well, Hallie actually does…" Holly started but Periwinkle cut her off."Loves jokes and pranks. She adores them."This appeared to get them excited but more Fred than George, "Really?" they both said"Yes! You did not hear this from me though. Excuse us though we have other people to meet."They nodded as the two ladies walked off to meet the others, "And you said you were not interested in her," George teased Fred as Hallie rejoined her sisters."I am not interested in anyone romantically," although he could not keep his eyes off of Hallie as she crossed the room."If you say so. I will admit though I find Peri interesting she has certain spunk to her.""You can like a fifteen-year-old but I can't like a fourteen-year-old? Yeah, that makes sense. Once we are in our twenties it is not going to matter. Plus, love has no age.""Whoa! Easy tiger, like her then."A bit later everyone sat down to eat dinner with Fred was seated next to George as he did with every meal, but the only remaining seat was next to him, "Here Hallie here is an empty seat," Fred called over to her noticing her searching the table for a seat."Oh..." she looked at the seat then sat down next to him, "I did not notice the seat was available. Thank you," she avoided eye contact with him.He glanced at her, "You're welcome. Chicken?"She looked at the serving plate he was offering her, "No thank you. I do not eat meat.""What?" Ron said in shock from across the table, "you do not eat meat?"She looked at him and shook her head, "No I do not. I do not like the idea of killing animals. It is very cruel."Ron was still in shock as Fred placed the serving plate back down and refused to take any meat himself, "please eat it if you want. Do not stop on my account. This is just my personal preference.""I am doing this because I want to," Fred told her as they exchanged small smiles. Throughout the meal, they talked with one another and it started to become obvious to everyone at the table that the two shared a common romantic interest in one another except the only two who could not see how the other felt about the other were the two of them.When the Banks family, Porter twins, and Periwinkle left everyone walked them out with Fred and Hallie staying close together, "will you be going to the world cup?""We are but I am not big into sports. Fashion I definitely am but not sports.""Some girls are not. Peri and Alicia really seem to be into it.""Alicia loves quidditch and Peri is more interested in the men who play," she laughed, "although the men are very fine."Fred laughed at her comment, "I suppose but that is not really my type."She laughed, "do you have a type?" she questioned looking towards him.He looked at her, "I don't know maybe you will have to discover that for yourself.""Perhaps I will," she blushed turning away from him by looking up at the stars, "the stars are really pretty tonight.""You are…" he stopped himself he wanted to tell her that she was much prettier but instead he said, "you are absolutely right. They are beautiful," he said this looking at her, not the stars.She looked back at him with a soft smile her eyes sparkling in the moonlight, "I should go…see you soon?""Of course," he told her as she walked ahead to join her family just as George approached him, "what?""Oh, nothing just that you know I am right.""Shut up, Georgie.""Come on say it," George teased.He scowled at him then groaned, "fine! I am head over heels in love with her and I just met her. She is perfect! She is adorable but she does not feel the same way she refuses to even look at me."George laughed, "yeah she must hate you. No wonder she spent the entire evening talking to you."He rolled his eyes, "You are a real ass you know that.""Yup," George said as they reentered the Burrow.A couple of days later it was the day before the world cup and everyone was back over at the Burrow with everyone playing a game except Hallie, Holly, and Hermione. Hallie was sitting with Holly and Hermione under one of the shady trees while others played. Hermione and Holly were reading the books they had gotten for the start of the coming term while Hallie was reading Witch Weekly, "Why do you read that nonsense? There is simply no good knowledge that comes from reading about celebrities," Holly asked.Hallie rolled her eyes and laid her magazine gently in her lap, "My dear sister you simply just do not understand that these contain just as much knowledge as your books but these are better, they have pictures. See look at this picture of Victor Krum, is he not attractive? Perhaps we will meet him tomorrow."Holly gave Hermione a side glance look then looked back at her, "You should be preparing for school. We are starting at an entirely new school this year, thankfully we finally have friends.""I am more interested in the guys they will have. I have had enough of American boys give me the English men."Periwinkle came over just as she said this and laughed, "Oh but I thought you were interested in a certain redhead," she teased glancing over at Fred and George who were heading over.She glared at her as they approached them, "Hello ladies," George greeted grabbing one of the waters that were there for them."Hello Hallie," Fred said grabbing his own water and sitting next to her. She turned pink in the face nearly matching the shade of pink sundress she was wearing. Everyone noticed and laughed except Fred who did not understand, "what is so funny.""Oh nothing," Hermione said through a laugh."I'm going to tell him," Periwinkle and George whispered to one another "Jinks!"Hallie stood up with a huff, "You all belong in Slytherin. You are all mean…except you Fred you can remain in Gryffindor. I am going to write a strongly worded letter to Dumbledore informing him to move all you to Slytherin immediately!" she stormed off."Hallie! Oh, calm down!" Periwinkle called after her as she disappeared into the burrow with Fred following close behind her to try and cheer her up.Once Hallie was inside, she entered the living room, Cassandra and Molly were hidden in order to try and eavesdrops on the conversation that Hallie and Fred may be having since they had been watching the scene unfold from the kitchen window, "Hal?" Fred asked kindly."I am fine," she insisted keeping her back to him."Hallie, what happened?""They are just being mean. I…I like this guy who I just met and they keep teasing me on my feelings," she turned to face him, "they also think I am stupid. I have dreams big dreams but I constantly get them shut down."He heard her say she liked a guy she just met but did not want to assume it was him instead he stepped closer and took ahold of her hands. She glanced down at their hands as he spoke, "Hallie, look at me."She looked up, "you are very smart. You have great big dreams! You fight for those dreams do not let anyone shut you down. Stand up and fight for your dreams. You deserve everything good in this world."She teared up, "why are you so kind to me? You barely know me.""Everyone deserves to be treated with kindness including you." She hugged him and he held her close wrapping his arms tightly around her, "what is your dream?" he asked her letting her go after a moment.She looked up at him, "this makes me sound self-centered but I want to be famous. I love singing, dancing, and performing. We lived in New York City before this and that city is where stars are born especially in the no-majes world.""No-majes?""Non-magic people.""Oh muggles.""Muggles?"He laughed, "yeah that is what we call them.""Interesting but weird. Anyway, I want to be famous…I feel this is my calling to perform. I was in a few no-maj…muggle performances and did some modeling for some children magazines while I was there.""Really?" she nodded, "that is fascinating! I bet you are really good then."She shrugged, "I don't know…it is probably just a dream nothing more.""Try. You never know if you do not try. They have a choir at Hogwarts you should join.""Really? I might then.""You will do wonderful."She smiled at him, "You are so kind to me. It is nice to have someone…like you.""It is nice to have someone like you too. Love George but this is different.""How?"He looked into her emerald green eyes, "it just is. Not sure how to fully explain it."She nodded, "I think I know what you mean…we should probably rejoin the others.""Probably," he agreed and escorted her out.
