Clara walked the corridors of Hogwarts castle in silence and alone. Even her footsteps were so quiet that you'd never even suspect a person was there. She wore her Hufflepuff robe closely to her body, just as always, while she hugged her Transfigurations book to her chest. Her head was bowed down, her dark brown hair blocking most of her vision.Even those in her own house didn't acknowledge her presence much at all, barely even sparing her a glance as she bristled straight past them and up the stairs towards the dormitory she shared with the other Hufflepuff girls in her year.Fortunately, at the very beginning of their first year, Clara had managed to claim a bed right in the corner of the room, furthest away from her roommates. It wasn't that she had anything particularly against them, but they were just so loud and seemed to always want a conversation or someone to talk to, and that person was honestly never going to be her.The room was empty when she entered. Opening the blinds by hand since she was awful at the spell needed to do so, she placed her belongings down on her bed, including her books, stationary, and her diary. She quickly draped her robe over the back of her chair and placed her shoes neatly on the floor beside her, sitting cross-legged on the bed.Clara stacked her other items to the side, turning her attention to her diary. The diary had been a Christmas gift from Justin Finch-Fletchley, from back when they'd sort of been close during their third year. It was just a plain spiral bound muggle notebook really, but inside it gave her a chance to actually discuss her day and her life without her business becoming everyone's.Just to be safe though, she never signed her name off on the end. Someone finding it would be mortifying enough, but them identifying her too would be enough to send her spiralling into a full-blown anxiety attack.She flipped to the next clear page and began to write.October 30th 1994Dear diary,Every time I think my day cannot be worse than my previous day, I'm somehow proven wrong. I'd had my hopes up too, what with my only class today being Transfiguration, but I don't think I've ever been that confused by a lesson in my time here. I was almost tempted to ask my desk partner to help, but she ignores me in anyway. The only time she ever spoke to me was once when she asked to borrow some ink because she'd ran out. I still find it faintly amusing how she asked to 'borrow' ink, as if I'd receive that ink back, but I wouldn't bother to start up a fuss. It always makes a big scene with those types of people.I also received my Herbology assignment back from Professor Sprout this morning, only to find that I'd failed. Honestly, I can't say I'm too surprised, since Herbology isn't my strong suit. Not many subjects are. But at least it wasn't Potions I failed.At least no one else really spoke to me much, except Ron. He tries to be nice and start up conversations with me, and I think he thinks I don't like him. It's not that, but I won't tell him that's what I think he thinks or it'll make things awkward, and I don't want that. That's even more confusing written down.Anyway, if I'm lucky I'll manage to get through this year while avoiding the worst of the fuss due to the Triwizard Tournament. It's bad enough having so many more people to dodge in the halls every day, but I hope it won't be something that'll get too much in my way.The next morning, she'd forgotten to set her alarm clock properly, meaning that she found herself being late to breakfast. Late was the wrong word—on time, maybe—but being on time was never good, because that meant she'd be eating when the hall was busiest.Clara had a habit of taking a very short amount of time to get herself ready in the mornings. Her roommates were already in the common room talking which fortunately allowed her the space to herself.Once her dark brown hair was brushed so that it looked less messy and she'd changed into her robes, Clara hurried her way down towards the Great Hall without receiving so much as a 'good morning' from her housemates.She froze at the sight of the hall, which was already full of students at every table. Even the Hufflepuff table was completely filled to the brim with mostly those from her house but also several Ravenclaws and a few Gryffindors.Taking a deep breath to calm herself, Clara held her hands nervously by her sides and sat down in an empty space at what was normally the Gryffindor table. She served herself a small helping of strawberry yoghurt and kept her head down as she ate, avoiding making eye contact with anyone sitting near her."Hey."Clara very hesitantly glanced up, slightly worried that they weren't actually addressing her. After all, very few people ever had a reason to start up a conversation with the soft spoken and shy individual unless it was as a prank or as part of a dare.Though this time that wasn't the case. George Weasley had slid onto the bench opposite her, carrying a handful of tangerine slices which he messily popped into his mouth."You're quiet today," George noted. "Well, every day really, but today's no exception, eh?"Clara shook her head and timidly stirred her yoghurt in her bowl."Are you excited for the feast tonight then?" he asked her. "I'm still pretty pissed off about that age line Dumbledore decided on adding, but Fred and I think we've figured out a way around it. Want to hear? But you'll have to keep it a secret."She almost wanted to laugh at his constant chattiness. "Okay," she replied so quietly it was difficult to hear her without sitting close."Well, we've been brewing up an Aging Potion all morning," he announced proudly. There was an awkward silence for a moment. "I see you're underwhelmed, understandably, but you won't be when you see just what our plan will accomplish. We even had to sneak a small ingredient or two from Snape's cupboard. The greasy-haired git probably won't notice though.""Will it work?" she whispered.Surprised at the fact that she'd said anything at all, he nodded eagerly. "No reason for it not to. An Aging Potion vs. an age line? The plan's foolproof," he replied excitedly. "Anyway, I have to get back to that potion. Will you be around for the big reveal? We plan to test our masterpiece this afternoon."Slightly unsure, she nodded in response, swallowing down another spoonful of yoghurt."Alright!" For a moment, he wanted to high-five her as he did to most people, but then he remembered what she was like and decided against it. "I'll see you around, Clara."With that, he swiped up the remaining orange peel from the table and disappeared towards the other side of the room. If not for the fact that her family were friends with the Weasleys, it was unlikely that she would've even had that conversation in the first place. George and Fred were pretty popular in their year group after all, so they otherwise wouldn't have had much reason to even bother socialising with her.Clara became full only half way through her serving. Unwilling to finish the rest, she picked up her glass of water to take with her to her dorm and started back out of the room, keeping her eye on the floor as she went. People brushed past her pretty much constantly, running between their friends, but at least only one or two actually bumped into her, and they just swerved around her afterwards, muttering an apology.Just as she reached the end of the path between the Slytherin and Gryffindor tables, Clara saw a boy's shoes come into view. She began to stop in her tracks, but it was too late. Her glass had completely slipped, causing the contents to splash straight out in front of her.She hesitantly drew her gaze upwards to see the damage she'd caused. She gasped when she realised that she'd completely drenched the person in front of her, dropping her glass due to the shock of it. The sound as it shattered against the floor caught the attention of everyone nearby.The boy was a Slytherin, green tie and everything. She recognised him from a few of her classes, although they'd never remotely spoken a word to each other. She didn't even know his name.But anyone could tell that he was furious. Even his face was slightly damp as his lip curled up in distaste at the state of his clothes. At least the water hadn't reached his blindingly white blond hair."What do you think you're playing at, badger?" he spat. She didn't respond, too stunned to speak. "Huh?!""I-I'm s-s-sorry," she stammered quietly as she began to trace her steps backwards, her shoes crunching over the glass fragments beneath her feet."You should be. My father will be hearing about this. Now get out of my face, you filthy blood-traitor," he snapped.Clara could feel the lump in her throat as her eyes began to water up, clouding up her vision. She never reacted well whenever anyone raised their voice at her, and that was a prime example.Unwilling to make the scene any worse, she turned on her heel and almost ran back out of the room. She only stopped at the girls' bathroom closest to the hall, which was fortunately empty. She turned on one of the cold taps and gripped the sink as she cried quietly.It was safe to say that her classes for the remainder of the day were awkward to say the least. On the plus side, she had that evening to look forward to, what with Fred and George's plan to sneak themselves into the Tournament.Clara stopped just outside the doors to the Great Hall and peered in, just to check that she was even there at an okay time. After seeing all of the other students sitting around on the benches along the sides of the hall, she decided it safe enough to enter and shuffled through with her head down and her hands in her pockets.Unwilling to attract too much attention to herself, she sat down beside a few of her roommates including Hannah Abbott, who happened to be one of few people who ever said a word to her. She watched as Cedric Diggory was pushed forward by a group of his friends towards the bright blue flaming Goblet of Fire, dropping a tiny piece of paper inside with a smug grin.Clara had never disliked him exactly—she didn't dislike anyone—but something about him bothered her. It was like he felt the need to go out of his way to seem like the smartest and most athletically-gifted student in the year. And he seemed like a decent guy too, but she wouldn't exactly know since he ignored her just like everyone else did.Then she began to look around the room at some of the others. She recognised people from her classes but was sure to keep her gaze moving so that no one would think she was staring. Ron was standing near the age line with Harry Potter, marvelling the sight of the Goblet of Fire, while Hermione Granger, a girl from most of her classes, studied furiously on an opposite bench.That was when Fred and George made their big entrance, just like always. They ran through the empty space in the hall, high-fiving everyone as they went. When Fred reached her with a hand up in front of her, he raised an eyebrow at her expectantly, so very hesitantly she lifted her hand and high-fived his."Not too hard, is it, Davies?" Fred teased as he continued running along, rejoining George beside Hermione.A few people consequently turned to look at her, but she simply glanced away distantly and blushed.But as Clara glanced away, her eye caught someone else. On top of the benches in the far corner of the room, the Slytherins in her year group were congregated together, chatting animatedly and laughing obnoxiously loud.At the top of that stack of benches was the boy from earlier. She hadn't really had a chance to look at him before, but it was only now that she was actually processing his appearance—his platinum blond hair, his sharp facial features which were pulled into a sneer as he laughed at one of his friends' jokes, the way he leant backwards against the wall with his legs extended out across the bench.Clara very lightly nudged Hannah to get her attention. "Hannah?" she whispered, subtly pointing towards the group. "Who's that boy? With the blond hair?"Hannah looked at her confusedly and then glanced up too. "Oh, that's Draco Malfoy," she responded. "Why? Do you know him?"She shook her head. "No."⊱ ────── {.⋅ ✯ ⋅.} ────── ⊰Author's note: Typical me, finishing one fanfic and hopping straight into another one. As you can see, I went with Draco Malfoy again. Originally, I wanted to write a Tom Riddle one, but the inspiration for this hit me so hard that it was almost impossible to say no.As you can see, the OC here is very different to that from my other Draco fanfic (read it if you haven't hehe) and in case you haven't noticed, the eventual relationship is gonna be slow. Mostly because Draco's an ass, but also because Clara's too shy to talk to anyone.As usual, the Harry Potter universe and all its characters belong to JK Rowling. I only own the rights to Clara Davies and the storyline that follows her. Harry Potter isn't my story, sorry to break it to you.Anyway, thank you so much for reading, stay safe, and ily lots!

Strangely enough, Care of Magical Creatures was one of few subjects that Clara could tolerate. Maybe it was due to the fact that she didn't have to work at a desk or collaborate with anyone, or maybe just because animals were much better company than humans.She'd initially hoped that the Triwizard Tournament wouldn't interrupt her school year too much, but it seemed that the more she hoped for something, the less likely it was to happen. Harry Potter had already been chosen as a 4th champion, which caused uproar amongst her house.Rather annoyingly—although of course she said nothing about it—her roommates had spent most of the night ranting on about how unfair it was that Cedric hadn't been chosen as Hogwarts champion, and that Harry was only taking their glory away. Maybe their argument would've been more interesting if they hadn't just rephrased the same point over and over again.Clara arrived at Hagrid's Hut rather sleepily, with no company as always. Somehow, she found the solitude to be very peaceful, keeping her and her thoughts to herself solely.Many of her classmates were already there, including Ron Weasley and his small group of friends, a few of her housemates, and the group of Slytherins that was led by the boy from 2 days earlier, Draco Malfoy. Fortunately, he was too busy mocking Harry to notice her.Once Hagrid exited his hut, he was accompanied by a box which she already knew was filled with Blast-Ended Skrewts, some type of giant slimy scorpion-crab-lobster hybrid. Apparently, they had so much pent up energy that they'd begun to kill each other."So," Hagrid continued, "any guesses as to how we get these young ones to calm down and release their energy? Er . . . Davies? Any ideas?"Clara suddenly felt her heart pounding heavily in her chest, her breathing constricted within her ribcage. She could feel everyone's eyes on her but couldn't seem to pluck up the courage to actually look up from the ground.She shrugged nervously. "Take them for a walk?" she muttered just loudly enough for everyone to hear.The class burst into hysterical laughter which caused her to blush, some finding her unintentional joke funnier than others. Very hesitantly, she cast her eyes upwards and found that quite literally everyone was in fits, minus Hagrid who didn't seem to see any joke in her reply at all."Excellent, Davies, well done," he praised. "Each of you take one of these," he placed the box and a handful of leashes down on the ground, "and take your young ones for some good old exercise, eh?"The class went silent when they realised that he was being absolutely serious. In all honesty, Clara had been randomly guessing anyway. Generally, she'd never been exactly academically gifted, so to actually be picked on and answer a question correctly was a new experience for her.Malfoy was the first one to approach the box, peering down at the contents. His hair messily fell over his forehead, blocking his face from view."Take this thing for a walk?" he repeated in disgust. "And where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? Around the sting, the blasting end, or the sucker?""Around the middle," Hagrid responded as he proceeded to explain how to do so very briefly.Clara waited a few moments until everyone had gotten their 3 foot long creatures to finally take the remaining one out of the box herself. Fortunately, hers was very small, but still, without having any distinguishable face, it seemed angry with her.Once she'd gently attached her leash onto hers and removed her dragonshide gloves, placing them inside her pocket timidly, she watched as her classmates walked their Skrewts. Actually, that was the wrong term for it—the Skrewts walked them.Hannah was struggling to keep up with hers, almost running, while Justin's had decided to blast at the perfect moment, propelling both of them forward so quickly that he tripped over slightly and was dragged along on his side until he eventually managed to scramble back onto his feet."Ready to go?" Clara murmured to hers. Animals were the only creatures that didn't pass negative judgement on others, so talking to them she could deal with.Rather than answer, not that she'd been expecting it to, it suddenly blasted with a deafening bang and zoomed off across the lawn. Unfortunately, she still had the leash around her wrist, meaning that it yanked her so hard that she felt her wrist twist unnaturally as she fell flat on her stomach and was dragged through the slightly damp and cold grass.She was only stopped when Justin jumped forward, finally having control of his own, and managed to swipe her out of her Skrewt's way. Hers began to run around on its own like some kind of rabid dog, constantly tripping people up, but somehow not attempting to leave the lawn even once. Maybe it was trained after all."Are you alright?" Justin asked her.Realising she was still laying down across the ground, she quickly sat up and dusted herself off, trying not to pay attention to her wrist which was beginning to ache a little. Everyone who was still on their feet was watching the scene as the others struggled against the immense strength of the large creatures.In response to Justin's question, Clara simply nodded before remembering that her Skrewt had now run off, leaving her with nothing to do.Justin seemed to know exactly what she was thinking. "If you want something to do to make things less awkward, take mine."He handed her the end of the leash which she took from him carefully. And that was why the pair got along so well. "Thanks."That afternoon, Clara had Potions, but before then she'd plucked up the courage to visit Madam Pomfrey in the hospital wing and ask her about her wrist. Of course, knowing Clara, it was a very awkward discussion, but it was good that she'd gone because it turned out that she'd sprained it and she needed a wrist brace for the rest of the week since sprains were easier to heal naturally.She made it to her Potions class just in time and sheepishly began to approach her seat. Just as she was about to sit down beside Hannah like every lesson, Snape slammed a heavy book he was holding against the table, startling her so much that she jolted slightly."Not so fast, Davies," Snape sneered. "Just as I said at the start of this lesson, which Miss. Davies felt too important to be present for, should anyone arrive late, I will assign a seating plan to the entire class which we will use for the foreseeable future."The entire class groaned irritatedly. Snape did this sometimes—he'd completely go into one and decide to rearrange the seating plan, or force the entire class to work in silence for a week straight, and it seemed that more often than not he took to embarrassing Clara in front of her classmates too.The class stood back against the wall with their belongings gathered in their arms. "But Professor, we already changed the seating plan 2 weeks ago," Seamus Finnigan complained."If your classmates cannot keep tightly to their own very easy-to-follow timetable," Clara could feel him glaring at her, "then that is not my issue, is it, Mr. Finnigan?"Snape whirled around his desk and tapped on each desk as he called out names at 'random'. Very often, he had a knack for pairing up people who didn't like each other or who were going through a squabble, causing them to be at each other's throats constantly, which just gave him more excuse to do things like this. How he did it, she had no idea."Potter, Weasley . . . Granger, Parkinson . . . Bones, Goyle . . . Brown, Crabbe . . . Malfoy, Davies . . ."The others that had been called out were already seated down, but Clara suddenly felt herself tense up. Unless that boy had a brother, she was being sat next to Draco Malfoy.Once she'd realised that she was only making things worse for herself by standing around, she discretely scampered over to her seat near the middle of the classroom and sat down very reluctantly beside the blond boy. She ensured she was right on the edge of her stool, as far away from him as possible, with her forehead resting against the palm of her injured hand to hide her face.Luckily for her, he was also sitting beside one of his Slytherin friends who she believed to be Crabbe, a very large boy with a rounded face, blank expression, and stubby hands. As long as they had to do as little work together as possible, she knew she could make it work.During the course of the lesson, they mostly covered Pepperup Potion, making constant notes since Snape didn't have the time or patience to wait for the class to finish writing. However, Clara found herself paying little attention.Instead, her eyes kept automatically glancing over to the boy beside her. She wasn't sure quite what it was, but he just fascinated her, and her fascination only increased as the lesson continued. He was mean, she already could tell, and a bit arrogant to say the least, but his appearance was completely out of the ordinary. Very rarely did people have hair quite that white, or skin quite that pale, or eyes quite that red—no silver, she was thinking of albinism. He wasn't albino, but you would've assumed so from a distance.Clara had never usually taken the chance to take much notice of the opposite gender. Maybe it was due to the fact that she could never dream of approaching most people, or because she very often spent so much time staring at the ground and at her feet rather than up at her surroundings.Something about Draco Malfoy did intrigue her, though. Apparently, she'd been pondering this thought for longer than she realised. Malfoy glanced up at her, but as soon as he did so, her eyes darted back over to her page as she continued tiredly making notes in her Potions book.1st November 1994Dear diary,I've decided I never want a Blast-Ended Skrewt as a pet. Not only did one almost take my hand off entirely, but they also explode spontaneously, murder each other out of boredom, and need to be walked daily. Not quite my idea of an ideal pet.Potions was horrendous. I'd write about it but I think I'll start crying as soon as my quill hits the paper. But, put it by this way; if given the chance, I know for a fact that Snape would gladly kill me and make it look like an accident. I think I'm his least favourite, but this time I truly do know it to be true. Well, it's either me or Neville Longbottom, anyway. However, there's something else. After that embarrassing encounter on Halloween, I've found myself uncomfortably close to Draco Malfoy. I'd seen him around before, and from what I've heard I know he's the school bully, but today I couldn't stop staring at him when I had to sit near him. For context, I never stare at anyone.But he has such a strange appearance. His hair is so white it looks like it's been artificially coloured that way, but it's not, that's just how he is. He's always running his fingers through it as it works, but somehow it doesn't make it any greasier by doing so or anything. A few times, I've heard passing comments people have made about his greasy yellow locks, but rather oddly that's not the case at all.And his eyes are this fascinating yet confusing shade of silver. Of course, I didn't spend long looking at his eyes specifically or otherwise he'd notice, but they're such a strange light grey colour, so much so that they have a kind of metallic sheen to them. Near the centre I noticed were even little gold specks in the classroom lighting.He isn't bad-looking in himself either. Some of the boys in that house aren't exactly eye candy to the rest of the school, but Malfoy ticks all of the boxes, which would explain why so many girls in Slytherin fawn over him constantly—and other houses too, apparently. He's tall, taller than me anyway, he's slim, he has a strong jaw line, and he has quite sharp and dare I say handsome features.Am I obsessing? Maybe, but I don't know what to do. I've gotten through this many years of keeping a low profile, so surely I can continue, right?It can't be that difficult.Clara was so tired that she almost found herself signing off the diary entry with her name. Placing her quill down on the table, her eyes began to squint closed as she rested her head against her hands. She needed sleep, and desperately. On the plus side, at least sleep-deprivation could provide a valid excuse for her strange behaviour all day.With a sigh, she collected up her belongings which were spread out across the table in the library and tiredly began to stumble back towards the Hufflepuff common room.Shame she didn't realise that she'd left her diary behind in plain view.⊱ ────── {.⋅ ✯ ⋅.} ────── ⊰Author's note: I'm sf disappointed that the blast-ended Skrewts weren't added into the movies because that just would've made it so much better.Anyway, thank you so much for reading, stay safe, and ily lots!
