Almost 11 Years had passed since October 31st, 1982.August 30th 1993A 10, or 11 year old girl jolted upright in bed, sweating. One of the same re-occurring nightmares she'd had ever since she could remember plagued her dreams that night again. She was prone to nightmares, prone to a life of pain and profound loss.She sighed, thinking back on that dream as she always did.A flash of green light, darkness and then a man's voice whispering "I'll protect her with my life," but she was never sure who that man was. He sounded gentle and kind. She had other strange dreams before of this kind man, but she also had other strange dreams too.She was thankful, thankful she hadn't woken up her parents and older brother with her screaming. They would not be happy. They hated her. She wasn't sure why, but she longed for an escape and knew very soon she would get one.You see, she was a witch and would be starting Hogwarts soon. However, no one knew exactly when her birthday was. It was a fact that she was born in 1982, that much she did know, but with the cut off to start Hogwarts each year being a September birthday, her father had strongly advocated and used his status to get her into Hogwarts this year. Regardless of when her birthday was. He was tired of her and she knew it. She had never been doted on like her older brother had and was often called names by her entire family. She had been called a blood traitor all her life, but wasn't sure why. Wasn't she a pureblood? She just knew she'd had a couple guardians in the past, each brutal in their own way.However, as a result of her father's advocacy and the apparent strain she put on her family, she would be getting her Hogwarts letter at some point before September 1st, which was the first day of term at Hogwarts.Hogwarts, she thought longingly, a school for witchcraft and wizardry in Scotland. Her older, brother went there and would be two years ahead of her, beginning his third year in September. She grimaced, she hated him, the whole family. She glanced at the time, wincing time for her to make breakfast.She gingerly stepped out of bed, dressed herself in a faded pink dress that had been handed down to her from her adopted mother and proceeded down the grand spiral staircase to the kitchen.She found the family house elf, already busying himself with preparing the scrambled eggs and bacon."Miss Aurora," the elf greeted. He at least had been kind to her."Hello," she whispered stiffly. Her upbringing had made her weary, slightly cold, but nothing like her family, or prior guardians right?Aurora tensed she knew she wasn't supposed to be nice to house elves, not supposed to speak to them, but since no one else was there…She sighed to herself before starting on the pancakes and setting the table.As she was setting out the pitchers of pumpkin juice, milk and a pot of coffee, her father strode into the room."Aurora." He nodded in greeting.She nodded back stiffly, before whispering "good morning, father."He scowled at her before sitting down at the table. Aurora immediately grabbed the coffee pot to pour his coffee.A few minutes later her mother and older brother came into the room.Aurora immediately poured their respective drinks as well.Her mother pursed her lips at Aurora as she sat down, whereas her brother at least had the decency to ask if she slept well. A chill ran down her spine at the question, once again thinking about the trouble she would have been in If she had woken up screaming from her nightmare. She nodded, not daring to elaborate on the sleeping issue. He nodded and then dug into his breakfast.Aurora ate quietly while her family talked around her.As she was clearing the table a tapping on the window got her attention."Let the owl in." Her mother ordered.Aurora nodded, placing the dishes down and going to the window.When she opened the window a huge barn owl flew in."Hogwarts letters!" Her brother jumped up happily to retrieve the letter which would hold his third year booklist and supplies.Aurora gasped, heart racing as she stretched out her own hand to accept her letter from the owl.She broke open the envelope and began to read:Aurora MalfoyMalfoy Manor,Smallest bedroom.Dear Miss Malfoy,Aurora finished reading the letter and squealed "I got into Hogwarts!"Her father scowled at the excited girl "of course you did, you foolish girl! Now calm down before I decide to punish you for your outburst.""Yes, sir." Aurora said obediently in a whisper.Aurora scanned the list of supplies she would be needing. When she finished she asked "How will we be getting my school supplies?""Second hand, you haven't got any money" her mother snapped."You'll use all of Draco's old books, they are only a couple years old. No one would be able to tell a Malfoy got anything hand me down. Although, I'm sure if it ever got out, people would understand. Malfoy's can't go around spending money on the spawn of god knows who."Draco smirked and Lucius cleared his throat"to true" he agreed.Narcissa snatched Aurora's booklist and thought for a moment, looking it over."I think we'll have to get her new Defense Against the Dark Arts books though. Draco didn't use these ones." She sighed, but Lucius nodded."Very well." He agreed reluctantly."We'll get the girl one set of new robes and new Defense Against the Dark Arts books. That's it. I'm not spending one more knut on that girl!""Get ready then Aurora, Draco we will head to Diagon Alley in half an hour."Aurora and Draco nodded before each grabbing their respective scrolls of parchment and heading back up the spiral staircase to their separate bedrooms.

Aurora put on a silver robe that had once belonged to Narcissa before flopping down on her bed. A gentle knock brought her out of her thoughts. She got up and opened the door. Sad green eyes locked onto icy ones."Draco?""Aurora?""Why are you here?""Can't I come in?"Aurora sighed, but nodded."Listen- I'm sorry you have to get all your school supplies except your robes and DADA books second hand."Aurora shrugged. It really didn't matter to her."You better be careful no one mistakes you for a Weasley.""I don't even have red hair!" Aurora exclaimed"How could I be mistaken for a Weasley?""Well, despite how hard mother and father have tried, you don't look like a pureblood witch. Instead you-you look more like a-" Draco stopped abruptly."Like a what, Draco?""Never mind.."Aurora sighed and went back to sitting on her bed."You know," Draco drawled "My parents were assured you were a pureblood, but we all think you're a blood traitor, or mudblood that somehow accidentally got into the family."Aurora had heard this all before. She just cocked her head expectantly, silently asking Draco if he had more to say. Of course, he did."We still hope that you're the daughter of Bellatrix, or Regulus" he continued.Aurora grimaced, but nodded. She had heard both of those names before. Bellatrix was Narcissa's sister and Regulus was Walburga Black's second child, but she wasn't sure who the first one was."You know, mother and father could really find themselves in trouble for the way they treated you one day" Draco shuddered "What if you end up being the daughter of great Bellatrix Lestrange? Instead of punishing you and trying to eliminate your filth, maybe if mother and father had treated you the way they treated me, you wouldn't be such a clumsy, skittish, improper lady." Then he added"Bellatrix would be ashamed if you had so much potential and then mother and father had treated you like the spawn of a blood traitor, or mudblood. I've told mother and father this a thousand times before." Draco sighed."But I don't think you're her daughter.""You don't?""No.""Why?"Draco shrugged.He looked at her smugly as she shrank back further away from him."At least you aren't a muggle lover" Draco concluded more to himself, looking at Aurora who nodded. Draco relaxed."Draco! Aurora! We're leaving for Diagon Alley now!" Narcissa called up the stairs. Aurora and Draco rushed down the stairs."We'll be using the floo" Narcissa told them as they approached her.Draco and Aurora both nodded. Draco grabbed a pinch of floo powder "Diagon Alley!" he called and with that he disappeared into the swirling flames."Just a second, I'll go first" Narcissa said, stepping up to the fireplace."Diagon Alley!" she shouted and was also whisked away."Remember your manners today, you ungrateful girl" Lucius hissed at her once they were alone in the Malfoy manner living room."Yes, sir.""You must say your surname with pride if you're introducing yourself.""Yes, sir.""Shake hands when required of you.""Yes, sir.""Not associate with blood traitors and mudbloods.""Yes, sir""And not put the name of Malfoy to shame like you always seem to do with your clumsy ways.""Yes, sir."Aurora had heard this speech many times before in different ways, for different reasons at different times."Good" Lucius said satisfied, "now go on."Aurora didn't need to be told twice she threw the floo powder into the green flames and pronounced clearly "Diagon Alley!"When she tumbled out of the fireplace and onto the cobblestone, Narcissa immediately snapped "Stand up!" Aurora shakily got to her feet, trying not to throw up. Draco smirked at her from beside his mother as Lucius stepped out of the fireplace gracefully."Ready to go then?" Narcissa asked pursing her lips.Everyone nodded and made their way through Diagon Alley.First they stopped at Fliurish and Blotts to collect their books. Since Aurora would only need DADA books from there and would be receiving everything else from Draco, she was able to have time to look around the shop. She scanned the spines of the many books, some were about werewolves, but there were also books on dark magic, magical creatures and transfiguration. Aurora picked up one of the books "Transfiguring the Appearance: Fashion, Beauty and Witchcraft". She skimmed through the pages curiously, but a pair of hands grabbed her sleeve and started dragging her away."Get your nose out of the books. Let's go." Lucius said roughly.Aurora looked back at the book as she was dragged out of the shop.To her horror, Draco and Narcissa were already standing outside, which in fact meant that she had lost herself again in her books and daydreams.Draco scowled at her."What's wrong with you?" Aurora asked Draco as they moved along to Madam Malkin's to buy robes."This" he said pulling out a green book bound by a leather belt.Aurora raised her eye brows questioningly."It's for that oaf Hagrid's Care of Magical Creatures class" Draco explained "and it bites."Aurora shuddered and nodded."What's he thinking, having a book like that for a class then?" Aurora mused."Who knows. He's friends with Potty and Weasel though." Aurora's mouth twitched at Draco's nicknames, but truth be told, she didn't find it funny.They reached Madam Malkin's and Aurora was able to get fitted for a pair of Hogwarts robes."You're not nearly as bad to fit as your brother" Madam Malkin complimented.Aurora quirked an eyebrow, but remained stone faced."There," Madam Malkin said stepping back,"Go look in the mirror, tell me what you think.""The robes are lovely, Madam" Aurora confirmed, offering her hand "pleasure to meet you" she added as they paid and left the store."Excuse me, sir?" Aurora said tentatively to her father. The Malfoys stopped walking."Yes?" Lucius snapped."We've forgotten, I need a wand" Aurora reminded.Lucius went white."As I said," he sneered, voice dropping dangerously low "I'm not spending another knut on you. You will take Narcissa's old wand. You will tell the professors that it is your brand new wand and any shabbiness in the wands appearance, or performance is because of your own stupidity, am I clear?""Yes, sir.""Good, go stay out of the way for an hour while we finish school supply shopping with Draco." He gestured to a bench and Aurora nodded departing from the rest of the Malfoys to go sit down and wait.She watched as presumably Hogwarts students past her by. She sighed. She felt alone, like she always did. She never had any friends, never had anyone who cared, never had anyone who loved her. Except for maybe that man in her dream, but he had done a downright miserable job of fulfilling his promise to protect her.But that dream probably never happened. Aurora sighed and lay her head on her arms. She was so young, but already she felt bitter towards the world and overall just very confused."Are you alright?"Aurora jumped and looked up, two red headed boys were staring at her in concern.Recognizing immediately who they were from Draco's stories and her family's rudeness towards their family, Aurora shrunk back and nodded stiffly.Her sad green eyes locked onto their kind hazel ones."There's no need to be afraid of us, I'm Fred Weasley" the first red head introduced."No, I'm Fred!" The second red head clarified.At seeing the perplexed look from the girl in front of them he then clarified "okay, fine. I'm George. George Weasley. Fred and I are identical twins. What's your name, little one?"Aurora began to panic, what if her parents and brother saw? Green eyes just stared sadly back into hazel ones."Okay," Fred tried "how about your age, how old are you?"Aurora hesitated and then held up 10 fingers, shaking her head and then doing 10 fingers again before adding an extra one. As she wasn't sure if she was 10, or 11."You aren't sure how old you are?" George asked in surprise.Aurora shook her head."Well, when will you be starting Hogwarts?" Fred asked.Aurora gestured to the parcels beside her."So this year?" Fred clarified.Aurora nodded."So you must be 11 then!" George decided.Aurora shrugged.The twins exchanged glances with each other, but before they could say anything further the Malfoys came back."Aurora?" Lucius said in a falsely sweet voice. "I see you've made some new….friends." Aurora shook her head frantically, backing further away and pressing herself into the wall. As if she was hoping she fall through it and escape the situation. Green eyes bore into the twins' hazel ones, silently begging for help."It was our fault sir" Fred began hastily. "We approached her first, to ask for her help. We didn't realize she wasn't welcome to associate with us. We didn't know Draco had a little sister.""Well he does." Narcissa cut in.Aurora shook her head the slightest of a fraction, trying to imply that she was not Draco's little sister. Fred saw her and nodded the slightest bit towards her."Get up, Aurora" Lucius said in his same, falsely sweet voice. Aurora got shakily to her feet. She was trembling badly as she made her way to stand with the other Malfoys.The twins looked concernedly at her, but she moved her gaze away and bent her head.As they began to walk away, Lucius turned back to sneer at the twins"She won't be mingling with the likes of your family."Aurora turned around again, her black hair swaying across her back as she did. She remained stone faced, but mouthed ever so slightly "I'm sorry" at the twins before turning back around and leaving with her family.When they got home. Lucius immediately rounded on her."What were you thinking foolish girl? Associating with a Weasel?""You heard him, sir. He asked me for-"Slap.Aurora flinched, but was so used to the Malfoys mistreatment that she had learned not to react long ago. In fact, she had been mistreated long before she came to the Malfoys. It had been such a part of her upbringing that she didn't even know whether it was mistreatment, or not.Lucius continued on for another minute before sending her up to her room.Moments later, Draco came in holding an ice pack."For your face" and then he left.Aurora gingerly placed the icepack on her cheek and lay down. After an hour, or so she decided she'd start to pack for Hogwarts.September 1st, 1993Aurora stared at herself in the mirror. Her face still hadn't healed from a couple days prior and their were blotches of red and minor bruises. She grimaced and brushed her wavy black hair behind her into a pony tail. Between Narcissa and Draco's old school supplies that had been giben to her, Aurora was packed and ready to go to Hogwarts. She reached into her pocket one more time to examine Narcissa's old wand. It was in relatively good shape, but delt strange in her hand. It was almost like the wand knew it didn't belong to her.Aurora brought her trunk down the spiral staircase and then went into the kitchen to help Dobby make breakfast.The day was beautiful, Aurora watched dawn turn into day as she fried the bacon and scrambled the eggs.When the Malfoys came down for breakfast, Lucius and Narcissa were smothering Draco while he smirked smugly at her as she set out breakfast.Before it was time to leave, Lucius grabbed Aurora roughly and turned her to face him."If you don't get into Slytherin, you will be disowned.""Yes, sir.""Hang out with any Potty's, Weasels, or mudbloods and my friends and I will make you suffer" Draco added standing a little taller. Aurora looked sadly at him and then nodded. Draco was becoming more and more like his father everyday. She still saw snippets of the old Draco who was her protective older brother, but over the years he had grown less protective and more of a bully. She shuddered.Flashback:October 31st 1989"Aurora?" A boy's voice called from far away.No answer, just thrashing and muffled screams."Aurora? Please wake up, mother and father will hear you!"Silence, but still Aurora would not wake up."Aurora!" The boy pleaded, giving her a rough shake.Seven year old Aurora Malfoy sat bolt upright in bed after another nightmare. Draco was standing beside her, concernedly gazing down at her."What were you thinking? Mother and father could have heard and then-""I'm sorry" Aurora whispered."Here, I'll stay with you tonight" he said placing his blankets and pillow on her bedroom floor."Are you sure?""Of course." He reassured her stiffly.End flashback."And" Lucius continued "watch your tongue and make sure nothing slips." Lucius sneered."Yes, sir."The family of four walked in silence to King's Cross Train Station. Aurora was nervous, but couldn't say anything. When they got to the train station, Draco shook his father's hand and hugged his mother. There was no affection given to Aurora."Well off you go then" Lucius said, pushing Aurora in a more gentle manner towards the train. She nodded and waved goodbye.Finally, this was Aurora's escape, or was it?

When Lucius pushed her away, Aurora took a deep breath and ran through the barrier to platform 9 and three quarters.She gasped when she got to the other side. The Malfoys never went through the barrier to drop off and then collect Draco so she had never been. There were families with children, trolleys, owls, cats and even toads scattered about. The scarlet colored Hogwarts Express gleamed invitingly to her left.She approached it gingerly, looking around for Draco before realizing that he hadn't gone through yet. The Malfoys probably wanted a final word with him, probably about her.Aurora wasn't stupid, she knew.They had said goodbye to him first and she had left to go through the barrier first. She shook her head.She watched as parents hugged their children, knelt down to whisper what Aurora assumed to be encouraging words to them.She shuddered.That wasn't her life.It would never be her life.An orphan girl that the Malfoys so graciously adopted.An orphan girl who could only make her parents proud by either joining Slytherin, to prove her loyalty to them, or somehow finding out she was the daughter of Regulus, or Bellatrix.Maybe this place would hold answers.But what did it matter? Aurora pondered. Bellatrix was in Azkaban and Regulus had died a courageous death. She jumped when she felt a tap on her shoulder."Earth to Aurora!" She whipped her head around to see Draco had finally made it onto the platform. Aurora cocked her head expectantly waiting for the order she knew was coming."Here, let me lift your trunk in, okay? Let's go."Sure enough, Draco grabbed her sleeve and dragged her on the train.Fred's POV"Family meeting, plus Harry and Mione, but minus Perce.""Hey!" Percy said "I'm your older brother, you have to include me in matters such as this.""Maybe we're planning a huge prank on Snape," Fred retorted. "You wouldn't want to be involved in a meeting about that, would you?"Percy scowled."Okay, fine. It's not a prank, you can come, but one word about you being a prefect and you're out. This is actually serious" Fred clarified looking earnestly at Percy.Everyone was surprised to see Percy nodding.Percy, along with George, Harry, Hermione, Ron and Ginny followed Fred onto the Hogwarts express sending last little waves in Mrs. Weasley' direction as they did so.The group found an empty compartment and closed the door. Fred turned to them all as the train began to pull out of the station."There's a young girl" he began "George and I ran into her in Diagon Alley. She doesn't know her birthdate, but apparently she'll be starting this year…" Fred trailed off, so George continued."We were asking her questions and she wouldn't talk to us, just mouthed to us, tried to communicate with her gestures, facial expressions and stuff.'"So?" Hermione asked, "maybe she struggles with communicating.""That's what we thought too" Fred confessed, "but it isn't.""What do you mean?" Harry asked."Well," George continued "she looked sad and scared.""Then we found out who her parents were, because they came back-" Fred said."And-" George tried, but Ron cut him off "Wait! Who are ger parents?"Fred and George exchanged dark looks before they both said "the Malfoys' at the same time."What? Draco has a little sister?" Ron gasped."Oh gooness!" Hermione breathed "that poor girl."Harry nodded in agreement"But what's this got to do with us?" Ginny asked curiously."Well." Fred began "George and I have been talking. We don't think she's actually a Malfoy, we're not sure, but she shook her head and gave us this look when it was mentioned that she was Draco's little sister.""It was like she was silently trying to tell us she wasn't" George added."That makes sense" Percy said thoughtfully, "I heard the Malfoys adopted a little girl years ago, apparently they're paranoid that she's muggle born, or a blood traitor like one of us, but supposedly they were assured she was a pure blood."Everyone looked thoughtfully around at each other, each lost in their own thoughts."I'm still confused as to what this has to do with us" Ginny reminded looking at the twins expectantly."Fred and I reckon there's something about her, we aren't sure what, but we just have this feeling…" George said."We think regardless of what house she's in, we need to look out for her. Even she's a little hostile, or brainwashed by that pureblood crap, she looks sad, really tiny for her age and honestly just scared. We need to try and help her and look out for her" Fred explained."Something just isn't right and we feel it" the twins said together.Everyone nodded and agreed to help.More silence fell over the friends."So what's her name?" Hermione asked."Aurora" the twins said together. "We heard the Malfoys say her name, otherwise she wouldn't tell us.""Maybe she hates them just as much as we do" Ron exclaimed enthusiastically.Everyone except Percy laughed."Uh guys," Harry called. Everyone looked at him. "Who's that?" he asked, gesturing towards a young man with long shaggy hair sleeping on the bench of the train. His face hidden by the poor lighting."Sirius Orion Black" Hermione said in her no nonsense tone."How did you know?" Ron asked in amazement."It says it there on his trunk, Ronald" Hermione pointed out."Right" Ron mumbled."Do you think he heard that whole conversation?" Fred gasped."No, he looks like he's sound asleep" Harry said, eyeing the man.Aurora's POVAs the train pulled out of the station, Aurora sat with Draco, Crabbe and Goyle. She got up after awhile to see if she could find anyone her age she knew from the Malfoy's dinner parties.She went from compartment to compartment until"Astoria!""Aurora!""How are you?""Oh you know, Daphne's been going on about Blaise Zabini and of course that I get sorted into Slytherin."Aurora giggled, knowing how Daphne had a crus on Blaise Zabini, both Daphne and Blaise were in Slytherin and in Draco's year.However, Aurora quickly frowned and turned her gaze from Astoria. Like Aurora, Astoria was also under pressure to be in Slytherin."Aurora?""Yeah?""What's wrong?""What if we aren't in Slytherin?""We'll still be best friends, no matter what.""Promise?""I promise."Aurora smiled weakly at her only childhood friend."Thanks Astoria."Astoria nodded before asking "any classes you're looking forward to the most?""Transfiguration and Defence Against the Dark Arts, you?"Defense Against the Dark Arts too."The two sat in silence for less then a minute before Draco stormed into their compartment with Crabbe and Goyle."Come on, Aurora we're going to go find Potty and Weasel."Reluctantly, Aurora followed Draco and his goons out of the compartment leaving Astoria alone.Harry's POVThe friends were talking quietly so as to not disturb the sleeping man, now they knew he was there. Hermione was reading, while Ginny played with Ceookshanks. Harry and Ron were on their 5th round of Exploding Snap. Percy had left and the twins were about to go find their friend Lee Jordan when the compartment door slid open and then close."Oh look." Draco drawled "it's Weasel, Weaselette, Potty and Granger." Crabbe and Goyle smirked, hands on their wands, shifting into positions that Harry assumed were meant to look threatening."Shove off, Malfoy!" Ron snapped."Which one?" Draco jeered gesturing to himself and then turning behind him to gesture towards…Harry spotted her as soon as Draco had turned to point in her direction. "My little sister" Draco finished smugly."You, of course" Ron clarified following Harry's gaze to look at the young girl.Fred and George had been right, Harry observed, she looked sad, scared and so very tiny for her age."Oh, so little Malfoy can stay?" Draco sneered."Look at you Aurora, already mingling with mudbloods and blood traitors before you've even started school!"Crabbe and Goyle laughed menacingly at the frightened girl as she cowered away from Draco and his cronies."You're scaring her, Malfoy leave her alone" Harry snapped."Oh please, she can take it" Draco jabbed Aurora in the back "let's go."Aurora's POVShe winced when she felt Draco's rough jab on her back. She stared at one of the boys, the one with messy black hair, pleading green eyes locked with his concerned green eyes. Aurora then looked at Fred and George, who she had met in Diagon Alley, pleading green eyes met the warm hazel ones of the twins."Get out!" Fred yelled as to try and wake the sleeping man.Sure enough, there was movement on the bench. Draco's gaze moved towards the man, who was beginning to wake up."My god, it's Sirius Black" he breathed as he stared at the lettering on the suitcase. Crabbe, Goyle and Aurora followed his gaze to the name on the suitcase."We're getting out of here, don't want to be near the blood traitor Black."As Draco started to roughly drag Aurora out the door, a hoarse voice stopped them in his tracks. "What's that?" the man said now sitting up and fully awake."N-nothing, sir.""Yes," he said quietly "it was something. Twenty points from Slytherin for rudeness.""But, but we aren't even at school yet! That's not fair.""Seeing as I'm the new DADA teacher, it is very fair, Mr. Malfoy.""How do you know-""The same way you know I'm a blood traitor" Professor Black replied grimly."Bet you don't know who this is though" Draco smirked and shoved Aurora towards him so hard she fell to the ground."No, you're right, I don't know who that is, but another 20 points for rough handling a student. One much younger than you at that."Draco was fuming."That" Draco sneered gesturing down at the girl on the ground "is Aurora Malfoy, my little sister, or so they say."There was silence.A.N. No, this is not a switch places fic. Remus did not go to Azkaban. You'll just have to wait and see.

Harry's POVHarry and Professor Black immediately knelt down to examine the young girl.Harry found himself feeling extremely satisfied when he heard"Out, Mr. Malfoy and take those two" Professor Black gestured to Crabbe and Goyle "with you."Scowling, Draco, Crabbe and Goyle left the compartment.Harry stared at Aurora's appearance more closely- wavy black hair, those green eyes and incredibly skinny.Harry felt like there was something familiar about her, but couldn't figure out what. Regardless Fred and George were right- even if Aurora had the effects of a pureblood upbringing, he was hopeful that in time they could change that. She didn't seem to be pleased with Draco's antics, but also seemed to scared to branch out to others. She was only a first year though, he reminded himself."Are you okay?" Harry asked her.Aurora nodded, but didn't look at him."Mr. Potter" Professor Black said gently, "go sit back on the bench. I want to examine Miss Malfoy more closely."Harry nodded and went to go back to sit with Ron, everyone was lost, watching Professor Black as he moved from beside her to kneel directly in front of her where Harry had been.Professor Black's POV"Miss Malfoy? Are you alright?" Guarded green eyes stared into his gentle stormy grey ones, but she nodded. Professor Black nearly gasped out loud as he looked into her eyes, the same colour as Harry's, as Lily's. Hers weren't filled with Lily's kindness, or Harry's mischief. Her green eyes held a million emotions she wasn't able to display. He should know, he grew up a Black after all."They never talked about you" Aurora whispered to Professor Black."No, they wouldn't have" he let out a bark like laugh, "you heard Mr. Malfoy, I'm a blood traitor."Aurora looked away."Can you stand up?" Professor Black asked getting up himself from his kneeling position.Aurora nodded and shakily got to her feet.Merlin, she's small and way too thin Professor Black thought to himself.Aurora's POVAurora sat back on the bench. Professor Black was kind, his voice was gentle…Nothing like anything she was used to and Harry had looed so concerned. They all looked so concerned.A few moments later the Hogwarts Express came to an abrupt stop."What's going on?" Fred asked."Dementors" Professor Black gasped grabbing his wand, but he was too late the compartment doors opened and three dementors came in.Aurora felt her body go cold and numb. There was darkness and fog all around her. She felt as though all the life was being sucked out of her.Aurora heard a man promising to protect her. He sounded so familiar, so gentle just like the man in her dreams. Then she was being thrown about, called names and bullied by the guardians she had before the Malfoys and then she was on the ground, getting wrath from Lucius.And then-"Aurora!"Voices so far away, where were the coming from?"Aurora! Wake up!"No.:Aurora!"She couldn't, she was so scared she'd open her eyes and see the Malfoys staring back at her, ready to strike."Miss Malfoy, Aurora please wake up!" The final voice was pleading, full of kindness and concern. She opened her eyes to see Professor Back staring at her, white as a ghost."Professor, I'm-""It's okay, Aurora. Here" he broke off a huge piece of chocolate and handed it to her. She accepted it and bit into the chocolate bar. Instantly, warmth filled her and she was able to look around. Harry was looking deathly pale, while Hermione was comforting a crying Ginny."Dementors guard Azkaban Prison" Professor Black explained to the compartment at large."Why were they here? Hermione asked tentatively."Probably looking for the escaped Azkaban prisoner Peter Pettigrew" Professor Black said scowling.Peter Pettigrew? Aurora knew that name.FlashbackJuly 20, 1993Aurora tip toed across the upstairs hallway and down the spiral staircase at Malfoy manner to chance being able to get a glass of water when she heard voices. Stopping halfway down the staircase and barely daring to breathe she listened to her parents' talking."Peter Pettigrew has escaped Azkaban" Lucius drawled."But how?""No one knows. He's the first prisoner to ever escape Azkaban.""What does this mean, Lucius?""It means that Pettigrew is a fool, but he might be able to help restore the Dark Lord.""And if he does, will you return to hum again?""Yes."End flashback.Aurora shuddered."Did anyone else faint?" Harry asked changing the subject."Only you and Aurora" Hermione replied timidly."Better get changed, we're almost there" she added.They all dispersed to change into their Hogwarts attire. When the train pulled into the station a giant, who Aurora knew to be Hagrid from Draco was calling "firs' years! Firs' years this way!""Good luck with the sorting, Aurora" her train companions called as she made her way over to Hagrid. She subtly turned back to nod at them before climbing in the boat that Astoria was also in."Aurora! Oh Merlin, Draco won't stop mocking you and the Potter boy for fainting! Everyone's heard about what happened!"Aurora scowled."Are you okay?" Astoria followed up with.Aurora nodded. Turning away from Astoria, she marveled at the scenery as the boats made their way to Hogwarts.Along the way, there were carved rocks, lush greenery and sculptures that looked like they had been built centuries ago."It's so beautiful" Aurora whispered.Astoria nodded.The boats docked and the first years clambered out. They headed for the large double oak doors of the castle, I'll while ducking at the overhangs and green brush that stuck out from either side on their way up.Hagrid knocked on the oak front doors.A few people in the front stepped back as the oak doors swung open to reveal a witch in all black attire, older looking and stern faced."The firs' years Professor McGonagall.""Thank you Hagrid, I will take them from here.""Everyone form a line, no talking!" Professor McGonagall ordered. They did as they were told and followed her into the entranceway."Now, before we enter, might I remind you that the four Hogwarts houses are Slytherin, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Gryffindor. Slytherin for the ambitious and cunning. Hufflepuff for the loyal and kind. Ravenclaw for the witty and the wise. Gryffindor for the brave and courageous. While at Hogwarts, your house will be like your home. Treat it as such. I will be back momentarily to fetch you for the sorting ceremony."When she left, whispers broke out."Oooh! I'm so nervous!" Astoria squealed.Aurora nodded, attempting to give her friend a reassuring nod and half smile."How do they sort us?" Asked a girl with brown hair and blue eyes in front of Aurora.Many of them shrugged, no one really knew and siblings tended to keep it a secret.Finally, Professor McGonagall came back in and ushered the first years into the Great Hall. Aurora gasped, the ceiling was enchanted to be a perfect, star filled night sky. A shooting star even zoomed by so Aurora took the time to internally whisper to herself"I wish for my family."Aurora looked to her right at the Slytherin table, Daphne and Blaise were giving her and Astoria encouraging nods, while Draco made pretend fainting gestures at her. Aurora sighed sadly and turned away, instead looking at the Gryffindor table. To her surprise, the Weasleys, Hermione and Harry were smiling at her. She looked away, remaining stone faced and neutral.Professor McGonagall came to the front and placed a 4 legged stool with a hat on it at the front of the hall. Behind the stool would be the head table and in front, the rest of the students and house tables. Before Aurora knew it, the hat began to sing:More than four hundred years ago,Four came together with the dream to build a magic school to help young witches and wizards grow.Each house held a trait,That could change fate,And whether the student knew, or desired,The sorting hat sees through.It knows the house that's best for you.Looking in your heart, looking in your mind.For Hufflepuff I search for the hard working, loyal and kind.For Ravenclaw I search for clever and wise ones beyond their years.For Slytherin, the cunning and ambitious ones will thrive.And for Gryffindor the noble, brave and true.It's not up to you, or me.It's up to us as a team.So put me on we'll sort out,The house you belong in, so lets start!Everyone cheered as the sorting hat finished and Professor McGonagall pulled out along scroll of parchment."Avery, Lyle!""Slytherin!""Brown, Sage!""Gryffindor!""Carrow, Lyra!""Slytherin!""Coote, Ritchie!""GRYFFINDOR!""Dunbar, Hope!""HUFFLEPUFF!"And on the list went until,"Greengrass, Astoria!"Astoria gave Aurora a nervous smile and put on the hat. It had barely touched her head when it yelled"SLYTHERIN!"There she goes, Aurora thought, hoping she would be joining her."Hote, Ryder!""RAVENCLAW"The list went on until:"Malfoy, Aurora!"Aurora shakily made her way to the stool as whispers began to break out around her."Draco has a little sister?""She's adopted.""Spawn of Regulus maybe Bellatrix""Is she really adopted?""She doesn't look confident enough to be a Malfoy.""She fainted on the train."She didn't dare look at anyone as she sat down on the stool and clenched her hands into fists to calm her building anger from all the whispering. McGonagall placed the hat on her head and everything went black."Oh, Aurora, what happened to you?"Aurora jumped."You talk? And what do you mean, what happened to me?""Yes, I talk and the life you have lived, your parents and godfather would be so sad.""My parents? Godfather?""I have said to much.""No! Tell me more, please.""I can not Aurora, I am so sorry. I am so sorry for what happened to you."Aurora was trying not to cry. What was wrong with her, Malfoys don't cry, what if Draco could tell?"It's okay to cey, Aurora. I see it. Your mother's kindness is buried under walls of scars, of an upbringing that wasn't supposed to be yours."Aurora just sat silently listening, taking in everything the hat was saying."Now, where to put you…""What house were my parents in?""I can not tell you, Aurora, you need to heal a little first, learn that the way you were raised isn't normal. Then you will know. Soon Aurora, I promise."And with that the hat screamed out for all to hear"GRYFFINDOR!"

Silence.There were no cheers.The color drained from Aurora's face.She got up from the stool slowly and placed the hat back on it for the next person.Then she just stood there, staring at the ground. Professor McGonagall gave her a gentle nudge towards the Gryffindor table. Aurora flinched at the slight touch.She felt numb.Suddenly, the Weasley twins began to shout"WE GOT LITTLE MALFOY! WE GOT LITTLE MALFOY! WE GET LITTLE MALFOY!"And then there was some cheering, mostly from the rest of the Weasley family, but others cheered too.Aurora kept her face neutral as she slid onto the bench."Percy Weasley." A boy introduced. He held out his hand, but Aurora didn't shake it.She didn't pay attention to the rest of the sorting.When the sorting had ended and Dumbledore told the students to "tuck in" instant chatter broke out around her."I don't think I introduced everyone properly to you on the train," Fred said, scooping mashed potatoes on his plate.Aurora just looked at him."Well of course, you know George, but this is Ron and Ginny, our younger siblings, Harry Potter and Hermione Granger."Autora nodded."Oh, come on!" Ron exclaimed with his mouth full of roast beef, "Malfoy's probably already told her about us."Aurora nodded."So he has then?" Harry asked.Aurora nodded again.She couldn't bring herself to eat any of the food in front of her. Her plate remained empty.She put her head in her arms and tried to tune out the chatter around her.Gryffindor? How could she be a Gryffindor? She shuddered. Chancing her first look towards the Slytherin table, she locked eyes with Astoria, who shook her head at her sadly. She continued to scan the Slytherin table, searching for Draco.When her eyes finally locked onto his, he scowled and mouthed"you're in for it now" before looking away and engaging in conversation with Pansy Parkinson who Aurora also knew from childhood. She did not like Pansy at all.She went back to resting her head on her arms."Hey, Aurora" Ginny tried "I'm in second year, only a year ahead of you, I'm always happy to show you around, or just hang out and chat."Aurora looked up for a split second. Scared green eyes locked onto Ginny's warm brown ones.Aurora nodded ever so slightly before resting her heading her head back on her arms."Aurora, you really do need to eat" Hermione prodded gently.No response."Yeah, you're as skinny as a twig, did the Malfoy's not feed you?" Ron joked.Not all that much actually, Aurora thought bitterly, but again did not respond."Come on" Fred said scooping a bit of roast beef and mashed potatoes onto her plate.Aurora gave in and had a tiny nibble of roast beef and mashed potatoes.The little bit she had tasted incredible! The taste was unlike anything she had ever eaten before. She was filled with an immense sense of awe.Then the main course disappeared and dessert appeared in front of them."You need to try the treacle tart!" Ron exclaimed, putting a slice on her plate.Again, Aurora did nibble on her piece, but did not finish, or respond.Professor Black's POvProfessor Black watched Aurora, feeling a rush of sadness overtake him. He knew she was in for it, she was biologically, or not part of the Malfoy family. He shuddered.He knew the feeling all to well. He was sorted into Gryffindor, the first Black to ever be sorted into that house. He remembered the stares, the whispers and then the reaction from his parents. He grimaced.FlashbackSeptember 1st, 1971"Black, Sirius!" Professor McGonagall called.He strutted up to the stool with confidence and when Professor McGonagall placed the sorting hat on his head, he grinned outwardly when he hear the voice"Ah, another Black" the sorting hat mused."Yup, that's me!""You're not like the rest, are you?""God no, I don't want anything to do with the Blacks. Except maybe Reggie" he thought about his younger brother Regulus who he hoped would be more like him and less like their parents and cousins."The sorting hat chuckled."I can tell, you're already planning pranks for your teachers and peers, aren't you?""Of course!" he was beaming now listening to the sorting hat."I am going to put you where you will befriend those least like your family.""Oh thank god!" he clutched his chest dramatically for the Hall to see as he sorting hat continued."In all seriousness-'"Yes, I'm Sirius in all my siriusness.""No-""Yes, that is my name, I believe McGonagall called a Black Sirius to be sorted. That is me after all.'Pause.The hat sighed."listen to me." At the hat's change in tone, he tensed and gave his full attention."You're going to loose a lot of people, your courage is what will save you.""Courage, does that mean I'm a-""GRYFFINDOR!" the hat yelled out to the Great Hall.He immediately jumped off the stool, took off the hat and punched the air."Yes, I'm in Gryffindor! Take that you-"He was about to call his parents exactly what they were in front of the hundreds of students, but Professor McGonagall cut him off."Language, Mr. Black. Please do not make me take off points from your new house the first night you begin your Hogwarts education.""Yes, Professor."He flashed her a cheeky grin, grey eyes sparkling with joy before running off to the Gruffindor table.End of flashback.Aurora and him had such different reactions to their unique sorting he thought to himself sadly.And yes, he certainly had lost a lot of people. Too many people.Aurora's POVAurora glanced up at the head table where all the professors were sitting. She locked eyes with Severus Snape, who she had seen a few times over the years growing up at Malfoy manor. Professor Snape was Draco's godfather. They were neutral towards each other, but Snape didn't particularly like her.Snape shook his had at her before breaking eye contact.She guessed Harry had seen her and Snape looking at each other as he asked"So since you grew up at Malfoy manner, did you meet Snape?"She nodded."Wow, what's he like outside of school?" Ginny asked.Aurora shrugged."Snape hates me." Harry said sounding annoyed.Aurora nodded."Does he hate you too?"Aurora nodded again, before focusing her attention back on the head table.Her gaze landed on Professor Black who gave her a searching look before smiling sadly at her."You'll be okay" he mouthed.What did he know, he was a blood traitor Aurora thought to herself. She had never even heard his name until tonight after all.Her eyes then met those of a man with a long white beard, plum coloured roes and half moon spectacles. Professor Dumbledore of course. The headmaster and the one who had told them all to "tuck in" before the food had appeared. His piercing blue eyes were twinkling down at her, he smiled warmly and gave her a knowing look.Could he read minds? She asked herself.Probably. She answered.Aurora shook her head. Moments later, Professor Dumbledore rose to his feet and opened his arms wide"Welcome, to another year at Hogwarts School of Witchraft and Wizardry."There were cheers."I have a few start of term announcements to make" he continued."Firstly, please join me in offering a warm welcome to our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Sirius Black."There was applause and some whispers."Sirius Black like the one who was in Azkaban?""Yes, but he was found to be innocent.""Yeah, but he spent like a good seven years there.""It was eight years.""No, I heard it was six""He's innocent anyway"Aurora didn't know Sirius Black had been in Azkaban. She wondered what had happened and made a mental note to herself to go to the library this week to find a Daily Prophet clipping about it."Silence!" Professor Dumbledore called to the students."As you know, Professor Black was found innocent of all charges and never received a trial in the first place."Never received a trial in the first place? Aurora thought. That was not fair and only spiked her curiosity."As I was saying, I am sure you will all give Professor Black your utmost respect. Now, as I remind students every year, the Forbidden Forest is strictly out of bounds" he gave the Weasley twins a pointed look."Finally, as many of you will have heard, Peter Pettigrew has escape Azkaban. We must all be vigilant and look out for one another. Please report anything that seems suspicious to a teacher."The Slytherins scowled. Aurora knew they wouldn't report anything. She shivered."First years, please find and follow your prefects to your dormitories and now off to bed you trot."As soon as he dismissed them, Aurora joined the queue of first years following Percy. They went up several flights of stairs and down several corridors before they came to a portrait."This is the Portrait of the Fat Lady" Percy gestured."pig snout" he called and the Fat Lady's portrait swung open.Everyone clambered through the portrait hole.As soon as Aurora stepped into the common room, she felt a warmth she had never felt before. The common room was red and gold, with a huge roaring fireplace and a lion painted across the ceiling. The arm chairs and couches looked inviting and there were numerous tables to study at."Girls staircase to the left, boys staircase to the right. Your belongings will have already been brought to your rooms" Percy explained.Aurora headed to the left and up the marble staircase to the room that had a sign reading "first year Gryffindor Girls Dormitory." She opened the door to see individual four poster beds, each with hangings for privacy, a bedside table and each student's trunk was already placed on the floor at the foot of the bed. She found her bed easily and lay down still n her clothes today had been tiring to say the least. She closed her eyes enjoying the moments of silence, but all too quickly the other girls came in, shattering her peace and reminding her that she did not belong in Gryffindor."Aw, look it's itty bitty Malfoy" one of the girls sneered as she entered.Aurora didn't say anything."Aw, what? Not so brave are you? Guess you're too slimy for even Slytherin!" Another girl added.The two girls laughed.Aurora said nothing."I don't wanna have to room with a Malfoy, that's just wrong!" The first girl said dramatically.Aurora said nothing."Stop!" A third girl who Aurora hadn't noticed snapped as she entered into the dorm room."Ooooh, sticking up for the Slytherin reject? Surely, she's about to be disowned from the Malfoy's as well. They won't have tolerance for a lion amongst their snakes" the second girl squealed.Aurora knew she was right about that one but still she didn't say anything."I told you to stop!" The third girl said again in exasperation.The other two girls just giggled.The third girl approached Aurora confidently and held out her hand."I'm Demelza, Demelza Robbins."Aurora nodded and gave her a slight gesture with her arm, but didn't shake her hand.Demelza dropped her hand in defeat."See, a slimy Slytherin at heart" the first girl jabbed."No, she isn't" Demelza said quietly before turning her back and getting ready for bed."Why don't you just leave?" The second girl snapped at Aurora."we don't want her ere.""I want her here" Demelza whispered.The two other girls just scoffed, but Aurora said nothing.She got up from her comfortable position on her bed and walked out of her dorm room, down the staircase and out of the portrait hole.

Aurora's heart was racing.She was angry, she was sad, she was confused and she was scared.She walked through the corridors, having no idea where she was going.She could feel a lump beginning to form in her throat. She quickly swallowed it down, she knew better than to let her emotions show.She felt a bit better knowing that there were still a few students chatting with friends in the corridors. She could feel their excitement, as she assumed they were catching up, talking about their Summer holidays and whatever else friends talked about.Astoria, she thought to herself. She had to find Astoria.She knew Astoria would be in the Slytherin common room because that was where the first years were supposed to be right now to get settled in.She wasn't sure where she was, but she had just gone down a staircase when she was stopped dead in her tracks by a floating man cackling at her."Wee little Malfoy as wandering the halls, pretty soon she's gonna get CAUGHT!"He yelled out the last word and Aurora shrunk back in surprise."Oi Peeves! Leave that first year alone!"Aurora turned around to see a boy much older than her coming towards them."Ah, it's perfect prefect Diggory Wiggory!" the floating man who Aurora now knew to be peeves called out, sticking out his tongue at the boy."Go away Peeves, otherwise I'll have to get the Bloody Baron" the boy threatened.Peeves immediately zoomed off.Aurora gave the boy a questioning look."Oh," the boy chuckled "The Bloody Baron is the Slytherin ghost."Aurora nodded."I'm Cedric Diggory by the way."Aurora gave him a small wave in greeting. She could wave, right? Just not shake hands she thought to herself."Where are you off to?" Cedric asked giving her a friendly wave back.She gestured downwards, towards the ground."The Dungeons?"Aurora nodded."Shy are we?"Aurora nodded, taking a step back."Alright, I'll show you where the dungeons are, but be mindful it's near curfew."Aurora nodded and followed the boy down more winding corridors and sets of stairs.When they arrived in the winding gloomy corrido that led to the dungeons Aurora immediately spotted Daphne and Blaise.Aurora gave Cedric a grateful nod in thanks before sprinting off to catch up to the two Slytherins."Aurora!" Daphne exclaimed."Aurora the lion" Blaise added with a smirk.Aurora laughed quietly."So you're still talking to me?"They both nodded hesitantly."As much as we can, anyway" Daphne clarified."Draco is furious." Blaise said.Aurora sighed "I know.""So how did you find your way down here, little lion?" Blaise asked."Cedric Diggory.":He's alright, Aurora. You can lighten up a little around him. He's a Hufflepuff, but he's not so bad" Daphne told her.Aurora nodded."Is Daphne in the Slytherin common room?""Yes.""I want to see her. The girls in my dorm are awful, well except for one of them, a Demelza Robbins.""Never heard that surname, she must be a muggleborn" Blaise said thoughtfully.Aurora scowled."I'm afraid Slytherin won't be much nicer" Daphne said, giving Aurora an apologetic look."I know."Of course Aurora knew. She had grown up around almost all of them, but Slytherin was where she belonged wasn't it?Not all of the Slytherins were mean to her, but not all the Gryffindors were mean to her either.But at least she knew she was safe from ridicule and from getting into trouble if she associated with the Slytherins."Alright, come on" Daphne finally said leading her to the Slytherin common room. The three of them walked in silence until they approached the door with the large snake carved into it.Blaise uttered the password "blood matters" and they walked in.As Aurora expected the Slytherin common room was green and silver. She knew all about Slytherin's colors from her upbringing. It was just as dingy and cold as she thought it would be.She shivered, already missing the warmth of Gryffindor's common room."What's she doing here?" Draco sneered crossing the room to stand in front of Aurora.Aurora remained silent."She wants to see Astoria" Blaise told him."I'm right here!" Astoria called from an armchair from the other side of the common room.Aurora made her way towards her with the others following curiously."Can I stay with you tonight?" Aurora asked quietly."What?" Astoria and Draco both said at once. Aurora sighed, clearly she hadn't been quiet enough.:Can I stay in your dorm room tonight?" She repeated, ignoring Draco and focusing on Astoria."Aurora-""Please?""Aurora-""Astoria-""Okay, fine.""Wait, what?""I said fine.""Oh Merlin, thank you" Aurora sighed in relief."Just you wait until my-""Our" she clarified sweetly."Father hears about this" Draco sneered down at her."Whatever, Draco."Aurora and Astoria were about to leave when a boy she didn't know stopped them."Oh no you don't" he sneered."Who are you?" Aurora asked timidly."Marcus Flint.""Pleasure.." She held out her hand, but Marcus looked at it in disgust."No thanks, now get back to your own house.""No.""We don't want the spawn of a blood traitor and a Gryffindor here" he challenged back."Who says I'm the spawn of a blood traitor?'Silence.She rounded back on Draco."You've even said it to me yourself" she said, doing her best to sneer, but it looked very unnatural "that there is suspicion that I could be the daughter of Bellatrix Lestrange, or Regulus Black."Draco nodded sheepishly as more people gathered around."If dear old Auntie Bella ends up being my mother" Aurora tried, standing up a little taller "I will tell her about the way all of you" she gestured around the room "treated me."There was silence."Bella won't care, once she finds out you're in Gryffindor" Pansy Parkinson hissed."I will tell her that it is because of the Malfoys that I got sorted there" Aurora countered."Don't you dare-" Draco began turning as white as a ghost."I will.""You won't.""We'll see.""I'll be writing to father now.""Go ahead" truth be told Aurora wanted to get disowned by the Malfoys. She jus wasn't ready to accept or admit it yet.Sensing the conversion was done, Astoria led Aurora to her dormitory which Aurora found to be rather gloomy.Thankfully, the girls managed to avoid further confrontation as Astoria's roommate were already asleep.Astoria gave Aurora a pair of pajamas and instantly after getting into bed Aurora fell asleep.September 2nd 1993Astoria and Aurora woke up practically at the same time. Aurora felt refreshed after a dreamless sleep."Astoria? Both Astoria and Aurora turned."Yes?""Why is Aurora Malfoy here?""We're childhood friends" Astoria explained."And I really don't belong in Gryffindor.""But you really don't belong here either" the girl said softly, but not unkindly.Aurora nodded."I'm Lyra, Lyra Carrow.""Nice to meet you."Aurora and Lyra shook hands."I've heard of the Carrow family before" Aurora stated."Well I've heard of the Malfoys before too" Lyra said tossing her brown hair out of her eyes.All three girls giggled."Where's your other roommates?" Aurora asked curiously."Talia Nott, Theo's little sister who you already know and a girl named Hera Travers who I don't think you know got up early to go exploring. They told us yesterday before you came""Yeah, I don't recognize Hera's name" Aurora confirmed.The three girls got ready for the day and then headed to the Great Hall for breakfast."Do either of you know the way?" Lyra asked.The two other girls shook their heads.They started making their way out from the dungeons and onto the school's upper levels. They went through corridors up staircases, but the three eventually stopped."I don't know where we are" Astoria confessed."There's a point me spell, but my parents never taught me how to use it" Lyra confessed.The three girls giggled."Lost?" Came a voice."Blaise!" the three girls cried at the same time turning around."You're a floor to far" he explained "follow me."The three first years followed Blaise and within five minutes made their way into the Great Hall.Aurora sat down at the Slytherin table feeling a little happier.She sat on the bench sandwiched between Lyra and Astoria.The three girls were chatting when Draco, Crabbe, Goyle and Pansy walked in."Hello, Draco" Aurora said coolly."Hello, Aurora" he replied smugly.Aurora grimaced."He's up to something" Astoria whispered.Aurora and Lyra nodded."Miss Malfoy," came a silky voice from behind.Aurora jumped and turned around to see Professor Snape standing there."I believe" he continued "that you are sitting at the wrong table.""I can sit where I want." She crossed her arms.Snape sneered "10 points from Gryffindor."The Slytherins laughed, except Astoria and Lyra who were doing their best to look neutral."Severus?"Professor Dumbledore had joined Snape."Headmaster.""What is the problem here?""The problem, is that Miss Malfoy is sitting at the wrong table.""Well, there's nothing wrong with some house unity" Professor Dumbledore's blue eyes were twinkling."15 points to Gryffindor for you Miss Malfoy, for encouraging house unity, even if unintentional."Aurora's mouth twitched in a small smile."Thank you, sir."The slytherins booed in dismay."Now Severus, I believe you have timetables to hand out" and with that Dumbledore left to go to the head table. Snape scowled and began to pass out timetables rather aggressively to the students."What do Slytherin first years have first then?" Aurora asked."Double potions with the Gryffindors" Lyra answered."Oh good, we can walk there together.""Miss Malfoy?"Aurora turned to see Professor McGonagall standing there."Yes, Professor?""Your timetable" she said curtly."Thank you, Professor.""Aurora?" Demelza came running up to her as Professor McGonagall was leaving.Aurora nodded."I brought you your school stuff from the dorm" she said breathlessly.Then she ran off again before Aurora could express her thanks.Astoria, Lyra and Aurora followed the queue of first year Slytherins down to the dungeons and the Potions classroom."Thank goodness Lyle Avery knows his way around so well" Lyra said as they entered the room.Aurora and Astoria nodded. All three of them knew the Avery family.Aurora, Astoria and Lyra sat together at a table, taking ut their textbooks and to be prepared for when Snape walked in. They already knew he was in a bad mood.The Gryffindors were sitting on the other side of the classroom. Aurora saw the two girls who had been mean to her last night glaring at her from across the room. Aurora looked away. She spotted Demelza and another girl who hadn't been in the dorm last night. There were 5 first year Gryffindor girls this year, but typically Aurora thought there were usually only four, but she figured that it also depended on the batch of students and how many were suited for each house. There were barely any Ravenclaws Aurora noted, trying to think of the sorting she hadn't paid attention to the night before.After a few minutes the door banged open and Professor Snape came in, black robes billowing behind him.He slammed the book he was carrying onto the desk making the class jump."There will be no foolish wand waving in this classroom" Professor Snape began staring at the students."The art of Potion making is complex and requires a certain set of skills, concentration and commitment to do so. You will learn to save the dying and heal the mind. You will learn to sit with your own house Miss Malfoy!"Aurora jumped."Get up.""No.""Get up you foolish girl!"Realizing she had no choice, Aurora stood up."Unless I assign you partners, you will sit with your house in my classroom."Aurora didn't move.Snape's lip curled into a nasty smirk."20 points from Gryffindor for Miss Malfoy's stupidity!" There was a glint of satisfaction in his eyes.If possible the Gryffindors would hate her even more."I'm sorry, sir" she finally said. Aurora picked up her Potions book and crossed the room to sit beside Demelza."Turn to page 374."The class did as they were told and there was a sound of pages being flipped."Now tell me, Miss Malfoy, how would I save someone who has been poisoned.""With a Bezoar sir" Aurora responded promptly."Snape stared at her before snapping to the class "well write this down and copy everything on the blackboard while you're at it!"There was the scratching of quills as the class began to write.They ended up brewing the Draught of Living Death. While they worked, there was compete silence. Snape made everyone nervous as he went around, silently breathing down their necks."Miss Robbins, you're doing it wrong" Snape snapped."I'm sorry, sir.""Five more points from Gryffindor."Demelza hung her head.When Snape turned his back to bully another student Aurora grabbed Demelza's cauldron and began to stir counter clockwise periodically adding in extra ingredients. Since Demelza had messed her potion up, Aurora had to work quickly to make sure she was making the right adjustments to corrext Demelza's errors while still following closely to the instructions on the board."Aurora what are you-oh" Demelza whispered when she realized what Aurora was doing."Are you aure?"Aurora nodded and continued to work quickly.Sure enough, Demelza's potion turned a liquid brown colour. Satisfied with her work, Aurora motioned for Demelza to have a look."Wow," she breathed "thank you so much! How did you know how to fix it?"Aurora shrugged.With the few minutes remaining, Aurora hastily scraped together her own potion."Time is up. Bottle and cork your Draught of Living Death and bring it up to the front." The class did as they were told and brought a sample of their potion to the front."Well, Miss Robbins it looks like you managed to straighten your potion around" Snape said icily, looking at Aurora who shrugged."Class dismissed."When they got out, Demelza thaked Aurora repeatedly for helping her, but Aurora waved her off and quirked a small smile."He's awful" Demelza kept repeating angrily. Aurora nodded in agreement.Once they were back at the Great Hall, Aurora detached herself from Demelza and went to sit with Astoria and Lyra at the Slytherin table."So, what did you think of Potions?" Astoria asked.Aurora sighed "I like the subject, but not the teacher.""I agree" Astoria said.Lyra shrugged "I like Professor Snape, at least a little bit. I've known him since I was little, but not very well."Aurora shrugged "I knew him growing up too. He's Draco's godfather, but we never really got along, It was always very neutral."The girls talked a little longer before Aurora saw her classmates gettingup to leave so she quickly went to the Gryffindor table to join them. The Gryffindors then joined the Hufflepuffs for Herbology which got them all outside as the class was in a greenhouse.Aurora didn't mind Herbology, Professor Sprout was kind and patient. They were working on digging out the roots of overgrown magical plants. Aurora didn't mind getting dirty and Professor Sprout had explained that knowing how to maintain plants was just as important as learning how to grow them and learning about their magical properties.The last class of the day was Charms with Professor Flitwick and the Ravenclaws. Aurora did think that there seemed to be fewer Ravenclaws than the rest.Professor Flitwick was short and had to stand on a stack of books so that he could be seen over his desk. He had a high pitched voice and was quite lively. "Welcome to Charms!" He squeaked enthusiastically. "Unfortunately, we have to get through some theory before we can use magic." The class groaned. They didn't get to use their wands at all during their first day of lessons."All in time, all in time" Professor Flitwick squeaked."Now, who can tell me what the most important part of casting a charm is?"Aurora raised her hand. She noticed that others did too."Yes, Miss Malfoy?""The wand movement. Certain charms require detailed coordination, or circular wand movements. Others require you to drag your want, or rap it in a certain pattern.""Oh, very good! 10 points to Gryffindor Miss Malfoy."Aurora looked smugly at the two girls in her dorm from last night."Anyone else?"The first girl who had started bullying Aurora in the dorm last night raised her hand."Miss Vane?""You have to make sure you're being linguistically correct. Some charms have ancient Greek and Latin roots so they have certain linguistic rules that need to be followed.""Correct! 10 points to Gryffindor!"Demelza saw Aurora eyeing Vane and nudged her "forgot to tell you" she whispered "her first name is Romilda."Aurora nodded, continuing to glare at Romilda.When class was done, the first year Gryffindors headed back to their common rooms to drop off their stuff before dinner. Aurora however, took her things to Astoria's Slytherin dorm.At dinner, again Aurora sat with Lyra and Astoria at the Slytherin table. She ate a little more, then she had been quite enjoying her roast chicken and chocolate pudding for dessert.When Aurora, Astoria and Lyra made it back to the Slytherin common room Marcus Flint was again in her face."Back again, Malfoy?""Which one?""The little one.""Well then yes, I guess I am back again.""For Merlin's sake!" Intervened Draco "Aurora, can't you just go back to the Gryffindor common room? No one wants you here."Aurora didn't respond. She looked to Astoria and Lyra, but they were adopting the neutral pure blood look.They weren't sticking up for her like Demelza did, but Astoria and Lyra were still nice right?She belonged in Slytherin, didn't she?"Leave me alone" Aurora snapped at Draco before turning on her heel and marching to the Slytherin girls dormitory.Astoria and Lyra followed her.When they got there, they found that the two other girls that Astoria had mentioned to Aurora earlier in the day were there."You really shouldn't be here" Talia snapped as Aurora went to sit on Astoria's bed."Just let it go" Aurora said tiredly.Talia shrugged."You won't get away with this forever, Aurora."Aurora bit her lop, but chose to ignore her. She turned her attention to the girl she didn't know."Hi, I'm-""Yes, yes I know. You're Aurora Malfoy. I'm Hera Travers."The two girls shook hands."So you're okay if I stay here?" Aurora asked."Leave me out of it" Hera said closing her hangings.Aurora, Astoria and Lyra chatted quietly while Talia threw them dirty looks.As Aurora fell asleep that night, she couldn't help but wonder why blood status mattered so much.

A.N. I really appreciate the person who took the time to review! Also as a side note, I know there are a few typos…So sorry. Honestly, don't have a lot of time to spend editing proof reading. I'm just writing this because it's something I enjoy doing. I hope you'll stick with this story typos and all! Thank you!September 3, 1993Aurora, Astoria and Lyra made their way to the Great Hall the following morning for breakfast with Daphne and Blaise catching up with them along the way."Good sleep?" Blaise asked.The three first year girls nodded."Hogwarts beds are so comfortable" Aurora said.The others nodded."I would be careful around Draco if I were you" Blaise advised.Aurora raised her eye brows questioningly.Blaise sighed "I just have this feeling."Aurora nodded."Did he say anything to you last night?""No, but he knows I'm one of the more neutral Slytherins."Aurora nodded and sad down at the Slytherin table once they reached the Great Hall."We don't have classes together until double DADA after lunch" Astoria said as she glanced down at her timetable.Aurora got out her own schedule to have a look."Yeah," she muttered as her eyes scanned her timetable."What do you have first?" Lyra asked her."Double Transfiguration then it's lunch and then double DADA with you guys."Since Transfiguration would be just Gryffindors, Aurora waved goodbye to her Slytherin friends and made her way to find Professor McGonagall's classroom. On her way, she ran into Demelza."Oh, Aurora thank goodness, I think I'm lost."Aurora nodded in greeting."Do you know how to get to McGonagall's class?"Aurora shook her head."Okay, let's just got this way then" Demelza said beginning to climb a stone staircase. Aurora followed behind her."Argh!" Aurora and Demelza squealed as they suddenly both toppled over."Aurora? Demelza? Are you okay? I forgot to warn you the staircases move sometimes."The two girls nodded as Fred and George helped them untangle themselves and pick up their book bags."Were you trying to go somewhere?"Demelza nodded "McGonagall's class.""Ah, Freddie they've got Transfiguration with good old McGonagall" George said with a grin on his face."Don't cause too much trouble in her class" Fred winked at them as he began to lead them back up the staircase.Demelza giggled."Oi Minnie!" George called when they reached the Transfiguration classroom."we brought you two lost firsties." He playfully shoved Aurora and Demelza into the classroom."I don't think she's here, George" Demelza said looking around.George grinned."She is.""Where?"The rest of the class was filling in as the twins began to cackle.Aurora looked around, eyeing the tabby cat sitting on the desk wearily."You'll see." Fred said."Oi Minnie!" George repeated."Misters Weasley!"The class jumped as the tabby cat sitting on the desk turned into their stern faced Transfiguration teacher Professor McGonagall."Oh, gotta g-" Fred said as the twins began backing out of the room.McGonagall held up her hand to stop them."Not just yet" she said.The twins stopped in their tracks."That'll be 10 points from Gryffindor and a detention tonight. Come to my office at 8pm sharp. Now get to class!" Fred and George hurried out the room."Miss Malfoy and Miss Robbins, I believe you should be taking your seats now" she said gesturing to the two empty desks at the front.Aurora and Demelza blushed, forgetting that they were still standing just slightly insid the class.When they took their seats with the rest of their class, Professor McGonagall began."Transfiguration is a complex science of magic, will both as an individual and in the wand and art of Transfiguration in itself. Anyone messing around in my classroom will be banned. This is your only warning."The class exchanged nervous looks.She then turned her desk into a pig and back again with ease.The class stared in awe."Who can tell me the core components of the Transfiguration formula?"Aurora raised her hand and to jer dismay, so did Romilda."Miss Malfoy?"Romilda scowled."the power behind the wand and its user, concentration and the ratio between what is being transformed and what the transformed is supposed to end up being. That can differ with animals.""Well done, Miss Malfoy 10 points to Gryffindor."Aurora's lips quirked in a faint smile.The rest of the class was spent copying down notes and learning more about the theory of Transfiguration and the theory behind transfiguring small solid objects.Harry's POVHarry had been disappointed when he didn't have DADA yesterday. Instead, he had been stick with double Divination and then double Transfiguration. He liked Transfiguration and was just relieved it wasn't Potions. However, Divination was a different story, as Professor Trelawney kept predicting his death. Him and Ron had tried to make light of it by fooling around, but being told he was going to die really dampened his spirits.So he was particularly relieved when Hermione told him that after breakfast they'd have double DADA.Since the train ride, the trio had been looking forward to DADA with Professor Black.Once Ron had finished eating his second helping of sausages, the three made their way to DADA. When tey arrived, they sat in the front and took out their books.Moments later the rest of the class had arrived along with Professor Black."Books?" He said eyeing the students in front of them."No way, put those away. Come on form a line, we're going to be doing a practical lesson today." He was grinning and Harry noticed a glint of mischief in his grey eyes.The class formed a line behind Professor Black and he led them through several corridors before stopping in front of a door."The staff room" he said grinning at all of them.He took out his wand and muttered "Alohomora" and the door unlocked.The class trapsed inside to find Professor Snape in there."Black" he sneered."Snape.""To what do I owe the pleasure?""I am teaching a class in here today actually."Snape's lip curled."I see.""Now if you wouldn't mind-""Not at all. I'd rather not witness the spectacle that is your lack of teaching skills."The class gasped, but Black just glared at Snape's back as he swept out of the rom."What was that all about, sir?""And you are?""Seamus Finnigan, sir.""You see, Professor Snape and I never really got along.""What? You don't get along with Snape either?" Ron asked before adding "he hates us."Black grinned "I'm not surprised.""How do you two know each other?" Harry asked."We went to school together.""What?" Several voices said at once.Professor Black barked out a laugh."Yes, we did. Now's not the time though. Today we're going to be learning about Boggarts. Can anyone tell me what a boggart is?"Hermione's hand shot up."Miss Granger?""It's a shape shifter, sir. A boggart changes into the fear of whoever it is coming into contact with.""Excellent, 20 points to Gryffindor and how do we tackle a boggart?"Harry raised his hand."Mr. Potter?""With laughter, sir.""Excellent and that will be another 20 points to Gryffindor. Now then, when I open this wardrobe, you're going to raise your wand and say the spell Riddikulus.""Riddikulus" the class echoed.He smiled at them."Alright, ready? Mr. Longbottom, you first.""But, but I'm no good with magic" Neville began to tremble cheeks going red."Nonsense, I'll be right here. You can do it. Up to the front now" he said gently.Neville gulped before shakily making his way to the front."Okay, ready one-two-THREE."Professor Black opened the wardrobe and Professor Snape stepped out, jeering down at Neville."Longbottom," the Boggart Snape hissed "you useless boy. I for one, will not be passing you in this class."Neville's face had turned white and he was shaking."It's okay, Neville" Professor Black said gently dropping the formalities for a moment. "You can do it. Focus. Think of something funny. Neville, you can do it."Feeling encouraged Neville raised his wand"Riddikulus!" And just like that Boggart Snape was wearing a vulture's hat with a pink handbag. The class laughed, including Professor Black."Nice one!" He high fived Neville before calling "Mr. Weasley!"Ron's boggart was a spider, followed by Parvati's who was a mummy."Miss Granger!"Hermione stepped up confidently and the boggart changed into Professor McGonagall."Merlin" Ron whispered to Harry as the two boys exchanged looks with each other."Miss Granger, you forgot to hand in your homework" the Boggart McGonagall said coldly.Hermione went pale, but quickly snapped out of it and raised her wand "Riddikulus!" Boggart McGonagall became a tabby cat with a book in its paws trying and failing to get the book open.The long line of students became smaller until it was just Harry left."Mr. Potter."Harry nervously stepped up and the Boggart became a Dementor.Everything around him grew cold and distant."Come on Harry! You can do it" Professor Black called.Before he could faint he managed to croak a strong enough "Riddikulus" and the dementor became his cousin Dudley Dursley with a rabbit's tail.Harry grinned, pleased that he had managed not to faint."Nicely done everyone!" Professor Black exclaimed clapping his hands while the rest of the class cheered."That's 20 points to Gryffindor to each of you for taking on the boggart."More cheers from the class."One last question, does anyone know why learning to tackle a boggart is so important?""Because we may come across them some day when when we're fighting dark forces" Seamus tried."Not quite" Professor Black said smiling."Boggarts aren't actually particularly dark and are common to find in wizarding households. Any other guesses?"Neville timidly raised his hand."Yes, Mr. Longbottom?""Well, it's important to face your fears and it's also important that you laugh. We need to learn to be open with fear and to face our fears together.""Wonderful, Neville! This is exactly why all of my classes will be doing Boggarts at some point this year. Including the first and second years later on once they've had more experience with the 's another 20 points to Gryffindor, class dismissed."When the class left the room they couldn't help talking about Professor Black."He's so cool!" Seamus said."He was even nice to Neville" Ron added. Hermione elbowed him in the ribs so he explained "I dunno, I just feel like not many professors are patient with him.""I agree" Neville added "none of them have much faith in me.""But we have faith in you Neville and clearly so does Professor Black, he's brilliant by far the best teacher we've had and you're brilliant" Harry said.Neville beamed.When they entered the Great Hall for lunch, Harry couldn't help, but notice that the Gryffindor hourglass had an epic mountain of rubies in it.He grinned even wider to himself as he sat down with his friends.Aurora's POV"So, how was McGonagall?" Astoria asked wen Aurora finally joined the Slyrherin table at lunch."Brilliant!" She exclaimed happily."We had her yesterday," Lyra explained scowling "she docked points from Slytherin because Lyle Avery wouldn't stop fooling around with Talia."Aurora laughed."Do you reckon Professor Black will be any good?" Astoria asked.Aurora nodded "I think he will be.""Don't get your hopes up for the blood traitor." Draco sneered from across the table."Why?" Aurora asked, but was cut off by Harry who had overheard on his way out of the Great Hall."No way, Aurora you'll love him. Don't listen to your brother" he gave Draco a look of disgust."Do you have him next?"Aurora nodded."Want me to walk you there? Ron's still eating and Hermione is reading for Ancient Ruins."Aurora hesitated, looking back at Astoria and Lyra.Here it goes…She nodded."Thank Merlin" Draco snapped "it's about time she left Slytherin alone.""Shut up" Harry snapped."A bit defensive are we? Has Aurora not mentioned where she's been sleeping the last couple nights?""What?" Harry looked between Draco an Aurora a look of confusion flashing in his green eyes."Draco, leave it" Aurora hissed."No, tell me Aurora. What's going on?"She didn't respond.Harry sighed, "Aurora." But she just shook her head.Deciding to drop it for now, Harry walked Aurora to DADA.They were the first ones there, so Harry stopped and turned to her."Aurora, where have you been sleeping?"No response."Aurora-" she shook her head.Harry sighed."Listen, Aurora if you ever need anything please come to me. You can tell me anything."Aurora offered him a faint smile before turning away."You'll really like him" he said thoughtfully. "Today we did Boggarts and Professor Black said all his students would be learning them, even his first and second years once you've progressed a little more."Aurora nodded, not sure what a boggart was, but figured she'd find out at some point in the coming weeks, or months.They heard the rest of the students coming so Harry left Aurora to go to his next class.Aurora sat down in the front row, furthest from the door, but closest to the window.When she saw Astoria and Lyra entering the classroom, she gestured them to her table.They sat down beside her while the rest of the class filed in."Sitting with us again after your walk with Potter?" Astoria asked.Aurora nodded."You can't associate with us the way you are right now forever, Aurora" Lyra said eyeing her sadly. "You know that."She did.Before she could respond, Professor Black came striding into the classroom."Welcome to DADA. This subject requires trust in each other and in yourselves. It is dangerous. One wrong move, or misuse of a spell and someone could get seriously injured. Lyle Avery in Slytherin began to snicker."Something funny, Mr. Avery?"'No, sir.""That's what I thought. 5 points from Slytherin for not taking authority seriously. Now, who can tell me why DADA is so important?"Aurora raised her hand, to her satisfaction Romilda did not."Miss Malfoy?""It's important because we need to know how to defend ourselves. There's also lots of dark artifacts in the magical world.""Very good. 20 points to Gryffindor. What sorts of spells do you think would be useful in a duel?"Lyle, Romilda and Aurora raised their hands."Miss Vane?"Aurora scowled."The disarming spell, sir" she answered sweetly, glaring at Aurora from her spot on the other side of the room."Correct, another 20 points to Gryffindor. Right he said looking at all of them. "Have any of you had the chance to use your wands yet?"The class shook their heads."Excellent" Professor Black said clapping his hands together "now's a good time for what will be for many of you, your first go at it."The class perked up, Aurora was excited. Astoria, Lyra and Aurora exchanged squeals of delight.Black smiled, his grey eyes gleaming with mischief."Alright, does anyone know what the spell is to light your wand?Several hands went up."Miss Robbins?""Lumos, sir.""Excellent, 20 points to Gryffindor. Without wants first everyone. Lumos.""Lumos" the class repeated together."Excellent, since this is very new you will wait to perform the spell until I come to you."Black then went around to everyone. Aurora watched as wands all around began to light up. She was also quite satisfied to see Romilda struggle and take several attempts to get the spell right."Ready, Miss Greengrass?" Black asked coming to their table.Astoria nodded."Lumos" she said clearly."Well done, 5 points to Slytherin" Black said smiling when Astoria's wand lit up."Alright, Miss Carrow?""Lumos" Lyra said. Like with Astoria's wand, her wand lit up as well and she too was given points."Your turn, Miss Malfoy."Aurora picked up her wand and like her friends said "Lumos" in a clear, confident tone.BANGThe sound that came from Aurora's wand was like a firecracker. The class jumped, a few people screamed. Aurora's wand clattered to the ground."It's alright" Black assured the class."Professor I, I'm sorry. I don't know what happened. I-""It's okay, aurora try again." Black picked up her wand off the floor and handed it back."Right," Aurora said "Lumos."Her wand arm shook a little, but nothing happened.She was the only one who hadn't been able to do the spell."Look at pathetic Aurora," Talia quipped "Just wait until I tell Draco and the others."The Slytherins started laughing. Aurora bit her lip."Hey Aurora," Lyle tried "I didn't realize Hogwarts let in squibs.""ENOUGH!" Black yelled."Miss Nott and Mr. Avery 50 points from Slytherin each. Both of you will be serving detention with me. Come to my office, 8pm sharp.""But-""No, I do not tolerate bullying in my classroom."Everyone was silent."How do you extinguish your wand again now that they're lit?" Black asked finally breaking the silence.Aurora, wanting to make up for her poor performance raised her hand."Miss Malfoy?""The spell is Knox, sir.""20 points to Gryffindor. Alright extinguish your wands and then off you go."Several voices saying "Knox" could be heard from around the room. Since she was the only one not to have been able to light her wand Aurora packed up her belongings and left before anyone could stop her."So, did you like Professor Black?" Harry asked cornering Aurora outside the Great Hall after dinner with Ron and Hermione.Aurora nodded."I knew you would!" He beamed down at her.Aurora offered a faint smile before turning to go to the Slytherin common room."Wait, you're not coming to the common room?" Ron asked.Aurora shook her head."Aurora, please tell us where you're sleeping" Harry tried. Again reverting back to their conversation from earlier.She shrugged, turned on her heel and began to walk away from them, but she was still close enough to hear Hermione."Oh isn't it obvious?" She snapped to the other two."Er-no" Ron said honestly."She's sleeping in the Slytherin dormitory.""WHAT?" Harry and Ron exclaimed together.Aurora turned the corner and wasn't able to hear if anything more was said.That night when Lyle and Talia came back from their Detention with Black the Slytherins really began to turn on Aurora."Hey, everyone!" Lyle called as he entered the common room with Talia "Aurora's a squib!"The common room became a flood of noise as the two recounted Aurora's failed Lumos spell in DADA.Even Lyra joined in a little bit, but Astoria stayed quiet."It was rather funny" Lyra quipped as she mingled with Talia, Lyle, Theo and Draco.Getting tired of the taunts and teasing, Aurora went up to Astoria's dorm room alone.She was tired, in every way that one could possibly be tired.She didn't belong.

September 8, 1993Harry's POVHarry, Ron and Hermione were making their way to the library to research laws around magical creatures and whether Draco would be able to cause legal trouble for Hagrid and Buckbeak, Hagrid's Hippogriff.In their first Care of Magical Creatures class a couple days ago when Draco refused to listen to Hagrid's instructions Buckbeak had bitten him. Since then, Draco had been strutting through the school with a bandaged ar, complaining about Hagrid and the creature."Honestly, he's awful" Hermione said as they walked."Who?" Ron asked."Draco of course," she huffed.The two boys nodded.As they were approaching the library, Harry spotted Demelza walking towards them with books in her arms."Demelza," Harry called."Hi Harr, Ron, Hermione" she said as she approached."What is it, Harry?""Aurora, has she really been sleeping in the Slytherin dormitory?" he raised an eye brow questioningly.Demelza sighed."Yes."The trio exchanged looks."Why?"Demelza looked uncomfortable and averted her gaze away from Harry to staring at the jagged stone Castle floor.Sensing her discomfort Hermione gently added"It's okay, Demelza. You can tell us."Demelza shifted the books in her arms before looking back up at them."Well-I-she…""Go on" Hermione said gently."She's being bullied by a couple of the girls in our dormitory.""What?" Harry exclaimed."Merlin" Ron added."I'm not surprised" Hermione said.The other three turned to look at her."Continue" Ron prodded impatiently."Well, she is a Malfoy in Gryffindor that is out of the ordinary. There's never been a Malfoy in Gryffindor."The other three nodded."Okay," Harry said slowly "but the Slytherins are bullying her too. Do you see the way Draco and the others treat her?""Yes, but they're bullying her because they don't know her true parentage and therefore, don't know her blood status, or family history" Hermione explained to them as if they were obvious."But why does she keep going back to the Slytherins then?" Harry asked curiously. "I know she's being bullied by the Gryffindors too" he added quickly "but at least in Gryffindor she has us.""Because that's what she knows" Hermione said simply.The four of them stood there in silence."So what do we do?" Demelza asked timidly.The other three shook their heads."I don't know" Harry confessed."We'll figure it out" Hermione assured.Demelza, whose arms were getting tired with the books she was carrying bid the trio goodbye to head back to the common room. Harry, Ron and Hermione continued onto the library.Aurora's POVAurora was exhausted. She hadn't been sleeping well and things weren't going well at all. There was much that Aurora didn't understand. She had been waiting all week to go to the library to start looking into Professor Black. She could have gone yesterday, but wanted to spend her first day of her first weekend at Hogwarts alone, opting to go outside to enjoy the nice sunny weather.However, today she was finaly going to the library to find out why Professor Black had been in Azkaban.She opened the large door leading into the library and gasped. There were rows upon rows of books and there was even a "restricted" section.She looked around eyeing the few students who were in there looking for books, or studying.She walked past books dedicated to dark creatures and she squealed in delight when she walked past some books dedicated to Transfiguration.She made her way to the back of the library where there were archived Dailey Prophet articles.She started to shift through the collections, spreading the various papers out across a set of four tables.She knew she'd have to go back a few years at least.There were articles on bewitched muggle products that she had never heard of, someone named Nicholas Flamel from a couple of years ago and various happenings with regard to the Ministry of Magic.Two hours later and Aurora still hadn't found anything about Professor Black.She was just about to give up when she found an article that caught her attention.Sirius Black Found Innocent and Cleared of All ChargesAurora's heart skipped a beat- she had found it.Just as she was about to read she felt a tap on her shoulder. Flinching she turned around."Aurora? What are you looking at?" Harry asked. He was with Ron and Hermione.Aurora gestured to the paper on the table and together they began to read.Sirius Black Found Innocent and Cleared of All ChargesNovember 1st 1990.In a unanimous decision by the Wizengamot, Britain's highest wizarding court, Sirius Black has been cleared of all charges.The case of Sirius Black was brought to the attention of Amelia Bones who received an anonymous tip from an unknown source advocating for another look into Black's case.On November 2nd, 1982, Black had been convicted of murdering 13 muggles and fellow wizard Peter Pettigrew. He was also convicted in the deaths of James and Lily Potter as he was their secret keeper.During the investigation wit the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, which included an interrogation with Black, it was revealed that Peter Pettigrew was still alive, living as an unregistered Animagus. Furthermore, Black revealed that he had never gotten a trial all those years ago.After looking into the case, Bones had discovered that Black had in fact not gotten a trial. Aurors searched for months until an unsuspecting Peter Pettigrew was captured.Black was given a trial under Viratisium where it was revealed that the Potters had switched secret keepers, making Pettigrew their secret keeper.Minister Cornelius Fudge said in a statement that he is "deeply sorry for the events that happened to Black and that the ministry would be taking steps to right their wrongs."The four of them finished reading. Aurora noticed that Harry was as white as a sheet."Harry?" Hermione said gently."He betrayed my parents!" Harry exclaimed."Harry-""No, when I find him-""Find?" Ron quipped "No way, you can't-""He BETRAYED my parents!" Harry emphasized again."Keep it down!" Madam Pince the Librarian snapped at them from behind a bookshelf before stocking off."Harry, Peter Pettigrew is dangerous. We can't go looking for him" Hermione said gently, eyes pleading with her friend."Fine!" Harry snapped.Hermione snapped with the harshness of his tone, but Aurora noticed that her and Ron both looked relieved."How did he escape Azkaban anyway?" Harry asked."No one knows." Ron said shaking his head "he's the first person to ever have done it."The four of them stood in silence before Harry asked, "what's a secret keeper anyway?""Someone who is trusted to keep a location safe with their life" Hermione explained."Having a secret keeper is part of how the magic of a Fidelius Charm works.""What's a Fidelius charm?""It's a charm that hides someone's whereabouts. Only the secret keeper can tell where it is. The Fidelius Charm would have been what Harry's parents used and Pettigrew being their secret keeper told V-Voldemort their location and that's how he found them and-" she trailed off.Harry still looked white.Aurora glanced down at the picture of Black in the article. After eight years in Azkaban, he looked incredibly thin, with gaunt eyes and hollow cheek bones. She shuddered."We should find the article on his initial arrest" Ron said finally.Aurora nodded with the others and they began to shift through more articles.They spent the greater part of a few more hours shifting through old daily prophet articles before Harry finally called out "I got it!"The other three turned to him. Aurora folded up the Daily Prophet article that she had been currently skimming to move closer to get a look at the article Harry had spread across the table.Sirius Black Convicted of Murdering 13 Muggles and Peter PettigrewNovember 1st, 1982Sirius Black was arrested by Aurors after blowing up a street full of Muggles. In total murdering 13 of them. He also killed fellow wizard Peter Pettigrew. Sirius Black was also the Potters secret keeper and betrayed them to You-Know-Who.When Black was apprehended, he was laughing while the street was filled with deceased muggles and Pettigrew's finger. Pettigrew's body has never been found.Black will remain in Azkaban for the rest of his life.Aurora shivered. She stared at the picture of Black in that article. He looked so young, but also enraged as the picture was of him laughing."Woah" Ron breathed.They all nodded.Something must have finaly clicked in Harry's mind because he whispered"Professor Black, he-he knew my parents."They all exchanged nervous glances."Harry-" Hermione tried, but he shook his head."Professor Black knew my parents" he repeated.September 17th 1993Yo Aurora's relief, they hadn't had to do any magic since their first DADA lesson. Professor Black had been teaching them about vampires in their couple of weeks since the their first class and the other teachers were focusing on theory. Except Potions of course, but Aurora didn't need her wand for Potions.On her way to Transfiguration, she came across a flustered, red faced Gryffindor boy whose bag had broken. His books were scattered everywhere and his ink pot had shattered.Aurora immediately got on her hands and knees to help him collect his spilled items."Thanks," the boy muttered before introducing himself "I'm Neville Longbottom."Aurora nodded, handing him his books back.She got to her feet and turned to head in the direction of McGonagall's classroom when she heard Draco's voice yell "Helping clumsy Longbottom are we?"Aurora went pale, but nodded."Didn't father teach you anything you worthless-" he was cut off by Professor Black"Mr. Malfoy, that is enough! 50 points from Slytherin and detention tonight with me at 8pm in my office. Miss Malfoy, 20 points to Gryffindor for helping a student."Aurora quirked a faint smile at him before scurrying off to Transfiguration."Today," Professor McGonagall began "We will be Transfiguring our first set up objects. Matches into needles."Aurora's heart dropped as she listened to McGonagall explain the process of transfiguring a match into a needle. At least there were no Slytherins in the class. She took a shuttering breath as she took the match being shoved under her nose by a boy in her house she didn't know.Aurora sunk further into her chair as she listened to the others students trying to transfigure their matches."Well done, Miss Robbins!" She heard McGonagall shout in a rare moment of praise. "10 points to Gryffindor" she said as she took Demelza's newly conjured needle to show the class.Aurora snuck a peak at it with interest.It was in fact a perfect needle.She shot Demelza a faint smile."Miss Malfoy?" Aurora jumped."I believe you are supposed to be transfiguring your match into a needle.""Right, er sorry Professor.""Well, let's see it then."Aurora picked up her wand and focused all of her attention on the match before stating the spell.Her wand did nothing, but shake menacingly.Her housemates sniggered.Aurora went red with embarrassment."Miss Malfoy, stay after class. Everyone else, you are dismissed."As the class filed out, Aurora approached Professor McGonagall's desk."Let me see your wand Miss Malfoy."Aurora handed the professor her wand."And this is your wand?"Aurora nodded.She continued to look at Aurora's wand before sighing"Very well. You may go."Aurora took back her wand in relief.She hoped someone would eventually notice that this was not her wand, but she couldn't tell anyone it had belonged to Narcissa. The repercussions would be too severe."Aurora?" She turned and saw Demelza waiting for her outside the classroom."Are you alright?" Aurora nodded in response.Demelza gave her a strange look, but didn't comment further.When Draco got back from his detention that night and saw Aurora sitting in the Slytherin common room with Astoria and Lyra working on her Charms essay he strode up to her with a smug look on his face."Professor Black can't save you in here, squib.""Draco-" Astoria sighed in exasperation."Oops," Draco sneered, knocking Aurora's ink pot over with his elbow.Lyra giggled as the ink began to soak up the essay. Aurora's snatched up her sogging scroll of parchment and left to go to Astoria's dorm room.She spread her essay out on the ground by Astoria's bed to survey the damage.It was ruined.A silent tear trickled down Aurora's cheek.Malfoy's don't cry she scolded herself.But this Malfoy did she thought heavily.

A.N. Please read and review!September 27, 1993Aurora was coming back across the Hogwarts grounds after Herbology with Demelza.Demelza was chatting to her about their lesson on Devil's Snare while Aurora remained silent.She like Demelza found Devil's Snare to be fascinating."The way it just wraps around you when you try to touch it!" Demelza was exclaiming in awe as they walked.It was true, Professor Sprout had to help a few stuck students who had gotten the plant wrapped around their arms.Professor Sprout had been trying to teach them how to tame and work with the plant.As they continued up to the school, Aurora heard Harry's voice yelling"Shove off, Draco!"Aurora and Demelza changed their path to go slightly to the left where there was a group of Gryffindors and Slytherins facing off with each other."Oh come on, Potty,' he continued to simper "we all know you love that oaf Hagrid.""He is not an oaf! He is my friend.""He's not an oaf" he mocked in a sing-song voice "he's my friend."The Slytherins laughed. Crabbe and Goyle flexed their muscles."He's a beast!" Pansy Parkinson shrieked."Oi! Shut up, Parkinson!" Ron roared angrily."Oooh, Weasel's coming to Potty's defence" Draco sneered."what're you going to do Potty if Weasel isn't there to defend you anymore? Not sure how long Weasel will be around anyway. Last I checked, blood traitors don't last long.""You-" Ron began as both he and Harry raised their wands."Stop, stop It right now" Hermione pleaded trying to restrain Ron with one hand and Harry with the other."Merlin," Demelza whispered to Aurora from their spot a little ways away on the lawn.Aurora nodded watching."Get off Mione," Ron snapped trying to get himself out of her grip.However, Seamus beat the other two boys to it and started wrestling Draco to the ground.Dean was trying to untangle Seamus off Draco while Parvati and Lavender shrieked for them to syop.When Dean finally got Seamus off of Draco, Draco glared at the Gryffindors."You're in for it now," he sneered before once again raising his wand."No! Draco stop!" Aurora yelled striding to catch up with the group of Slytherins and Gryffindors. Demelza was right behind her."Aurora, no" Harry pleaded, taking his eyes off of Draco's raised wand to look at Aurora."Draco, stop" she repeated ignoring Harry."Oh look," Draco sneered "it's my squib, muggle loving little sister."The Slytherin third years howled with laughter."I am not a Muggle lover!" Aurora snapped."There's nothing wrong with liking Muggles, Aurora" Hermione whispered."Yeah," Draco sneered "there's nothing wrong with liking muggles" he said in a high pitched voice to imitate Hermione."Listen to Mudblood Granger" Pansy said in a falsely sweet voice. "After all, she is the know It all. ""Hey, Robbis." She continued "are you mugleborn? We don't recognize your surname.""You awful-" Hermione began, forgetting her restraint.However, Demelza's quiet reply interrupted Hermione."Yes" she whispered, but everyone heard her."OOoh, she is!" shrieked Pansy. "We knew it.""Go on, Aurora, if you're not a muggle lover call Robbins what she is" Draco jeered.Aurora remained silent. Scared green eyes locked onto Demelza's sad blue ones."Come on" Draco urged."What do you think you're doing? Bullying first years" Harry snapped getting in Draco's face so they were nose to nose."If you know what's good for you, you'll back off Potty.""No. Shove off."Draco swung his arm back and punched Harry square in the face.Ron immediately tackled Draco to the ground. Dean and Seamus tried to pull him off while Neville and Hermione attended to Harry's bleeding nose.When Draco stood up, he was covered in mud and grass."Come on, Aurora," Draco tried again "call Robbins a mudblood and you can keep sleeping in the Slytherin dorms."Right, Aurora thought to herself, she had to stay loyal to Slytherin, that was where she belonged."You're, you're a, a, a, a-""No," Hermione said gently. "Aurora you don't mean it. Go back to the castle. Come on, let's all go." She tried to approach Aurora and take her arm to steer her inside, but Aurora flinched and moved closer to Draco."Come on," Crabbe chimed in "Scared?""A, a, a-" Aurora tried again."She's scared," Goyle sneered."If you say it, you'll be welcome in Slytherin. You'll finally belong" Draco prodded."She belongs with us!" Harry yelled, rubbing his nose which Hermione had gotten to stop bleeding."m-m-mu-" Aurora stammered."IN GRYFFINDOR" Harry had shouted."Harry, we need to get inside. This is ridiculous" Hermione urged, grabbing the sleeve of his robe."If you don't say it, I'll-" Draco began, but was cut off by Aurora who finally had enough."FINE," she yelled "I HATE MUGGLEBORNS."There was silence.Demelza ran off, tears clearly streaking her face.Aurora ran as well.She didn't hear the remainder of the scuffle that followed.Tears slid silently down Aurora's cheek, but Malfoys didn't cry.No they didn't.She couldn't.But she was.She was crying.She didn't know where Demelza had gotten, but she didn't care. She just wanted to be alone.When she passed through the big oak doors back inside the castle, she passed by numerous students who stared at her as she ran passed.Aurora made her way up the staircases, remembering to jump as to not trip over the ones that moved.She made it to the seventh floor and ran into the girls bathroom.To her horror, Demelza was there already.Aurora just stood there at the bathroom sink, staring at herself in the mirror. Her tear filled green eyes stared back at her. She looked pale and tired.When had she not though?"Demelza?" She whispered to the closed bathroom door.No answer, but the sound of sniffles."Demelza, please" Aurora pleaded.Still no response."Demelza-""Fine" the bathroom stall door opened and a sniffling demelza stepped out.Aurora didn't know how to help someone who was sad, or upset because she was always taught not to cry and would be punished if she did so.June 22nd 1986"Grandma?" Aurora choked stumbling inside the house from playing. "I skinned my knee."She showed her grandmother her bleeding knee as tears fell from her green eyes."What did I tell you about crying, child?" her grandmother snapped."Proper pureblood ladies don't cry.""Yes, grandma" Aurora whispered, swallowing hard to try and stop displaying anymore signs of weakness.Her grandmother scowled at her before attending to her knee."I'll let it go this time. Now off you go!"Aurora scurried away before her grandmother could change her mind.End of flashbackThat was before the Malfoys, with her old guardians. Aurora shuddered at the memory.How Id she comfort her fellow crying Gryffindor?Aurora knew Demelza didn't understand pure blood politics, neither did she to be completely honest.Aurora also knew that Demelza did not deserve what had happened.Demelza had been nothing, but kind to her when the others in her year had not been.Tentatively, Aurora reached out her hand and took Demelza's."I am sorry," she whispered to her friend gently."I know" Demelza said quietly. She wiped her eyes with the back of her sleeve."It's so complicated" Aurora sighed drying her own eyes on her sleeve as well."I know" Demelza said again.Aurora sighed "I don't understand why blood matters so much, I am sorry. I-you shouldn't-you shouldn't come near me. I'm dangerous. I'm a Malfoy. I belong in Slytherin, not Gryffindor.""You aren't dangerous, Aurora" Demelza said quietly. "It's all about the choices we make.""I don't have a choice.""But maybe you do. I could tell you didn't want to say it and then look, you came after me.""Not intentionally.""But you still did, you took my hand, apologized and look now you're even talking to a Gryffindor!" Demelza said laughing. Happy Aurora was doing more then just giving silence, facial expressions and gestures. That was a start after all.Aurora smiled a bit more genuinely than Demelza had ever seen."Do you even know the other girls names in our dormitory other then Romilda Vane?""No.""Okay, well there's Sage Brown, she was the girl who hadn't come up to bed yet on that first night. Then Ophelia Pypher is the other girl who was being mean to you Romilda.""Right, Thanks."Demelza smiled."Do you honestly really not like muggleborns?"Aurora hesitated before sighing "No."Demelza smiled sadly at her and Aurora returned the same sad smile back.The bathroom door burst open and Harry, Ron and Hermione entered. All three were scratched up in some degree. Harry's glasses were broken, Hermione had mud on her robes and Ron was sporting a black eye."Are you two okay?" Harry gasped, clutching the stich in his side as he ran in.They both nodded.Hermione went over to Demelza to wrap her in a hug."Oh, Demelza," Hermione cried. "Aurora didn't mean it.""I know.""How?""She told me.""She-""Yes," Aurora whispered softly, "I told her. I'm glad you all know I didn't mean it.""Of course we do!" Harry said, gently taking her hand in his."But that's no excuse either" Hermione tutted."I know."'You'll get through this Aurora. You're not just Draco's little sister. We'll help you" Harry reassured.Aurora gave them all a sad smile."At least you're talking to us now" Ron said in exasperation. "Does that mean you'll sleep in Gryffindor tonight?""No.""Aurora-'"No.""Aurora please listen, we'll figure something out-""No, I I can't.""But you can," Hermione said gently."No" and with that Aurora turned and left."We'll figure out something" Harry promised as the door slammed shut behind Aurora.As Aurora made her way to the Great Hall for dinner after leaving the other four, she was greeted by much staring and whispering in the corridors.At dinner she saw Demelza, Harry, Ron and Hermione walking in and going to the Gryffindor table while Aurora sat at the Slytherin one."So." Astoria asked piling pork chops onto her plate, "What happened?"Aurora told her and Lyra about the fight earlier."You should have just called her a Mudblood" Lyra scolded."I-""She couldn't" Draco snapped before she could respond.Aurora sighed, but just then the Weasley twins came up behind her."Heard you're talking to Gryffindors now, little lion" Fred said."Yeah, congratulations! Took you long enough," George added playfully.Aurora let out a small smile."Is this true, Aurora?" Talia snapped."Yes" Aurora clarified."So now she's openly talking to the Gryffindors? You aren't welcome here Aurora. Get over it. Go with the Gryffindors and the Weasels" Pansy snapped."But, I do belong here.""NO" Fred, George and Lyra said at once."Why not?""Because you aren't a Slytherin" Lyra said simply.That hurt."Because you're better thwn the Malfoys" Fred said quietly. "We know it. You're not them.""Hey! Watch it" Draco snapped.Aurora stayed silent, not hungry anymore. Not like she had really been in the first place anyway.She pushed her plate away and got up."Aurora," Fred tried."No," Aurora whispered.She walked off back to Astoria's dormitory feeling confused and hurt.She knew she wasn't like the Malfoys, but she also knew that she was a Slytherin. A pureblood. Everything she was supposed to be, but the Slytherins knew better.They knew she had no idea who she was.But they didn't know who she was either.Just speculation, it was all speculation.She made it back to Astoria's dormitory and fell asleep instantly.

September 28, 1993The flash of green light was intense, as it always was. Then there was darkness and a baby crying while a man soothed the child."I'll protect her with my life" the gentle voice said. "Always."Aurora sat bolt upright, she was sweating and her hands were clammy. She hadn't had that dream since starting at Hogwarts, but once again she was forced to reflect on that voice. Who was he? He sounded so familiar, like a person she had known and lost along time ago.Was the baby in the dream even her?She got up and made her way down to the Slytherin common room, the other girls had already left the dormitory so she went on her own.When she made her way into the Slytherin common room, it was packed with people all clustered together around a bulletin board."What's going on?" she asked, spotting Astoria and Lyra standing towards the front."We have flying lessons with the Gryffindors on October 7th" Astoria squealed.Great, the Gryffindors Aurora thought before sighing."That's great.""Bet Robbins isn't good on a broom" Talia sneered. The others laughed except Aurora."Even better," Draco smirked joining the queue "I bet the squib, muggle lover won't last on a broom." Even more laughter.Aurora bit her lip before making her way with her head down out of the Slytherin common room.Aurora skipped breakfast and instead opted to go to the Library alone to finish her Potions essay.When she went inside the library, to her relief, know one was in there except Madam Pince.To remain hidden, she went to the back of the Library, just in case someone came in.She propped her textbook up and began to make the necessary edits to her essay. When she was done, she rolled up her parchment and put her Potions book away.On her way to Potions, she noticed people staring at her and whispering."Did you hear, she hates muggleborns.""I knew it, she is a Malfoy.""Are you sure she does?""She yelled at Draco and Gryffindors and Slytherins got into a huge fight yesterday.""Even Potter, Weasley, Granger ad Finnigan took part.""She looks so harsh.""You'd have that look about you if you were raised by the Malfoys too."Aurora could feel her anger beginning to rise as she heard the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws whispering about yesterday's events as she walked through the corridors.However, Aurora also caught the whispers coming from the Slytherins she passed as well."Scum.""How could the Malfoys have raised such a mugge lover?""Yeah, but remember she's not Malfoy blood.""Muggle lover.""Blood traitor.""How dare those Gryffindors attack Draco.""Oh, did you hear, squib Malfoy is talking to the Gryffindors now. Robbins and the trio, he Weasley twins and the rest of them disgusting.""Yeah, she's odd."So, Aurora mused as she approached the Potions classroom, to the Slytherins, she was a muggle loving squib and to the rest of the houses she was a muggle hater. She sighed. She wised the whole school hadn't found out about yesterday's fight, but what else was she to expect?It was all just speculation on the part of her peers.She took her spot in Potions beside Demelza."I guess the whole school's found about yesterday."Demelza noded at her."It'll be okay, they'll forget soon enough.""I'm not sure they will."When Snape strode into the classroom, Aurora took out her essay that she had just finished to place it on her desk.Snape flicked his wand lazily and all the scrolls of parchment that had been placed by the students on their desks came flying towards him and stacked themselves neatly in a pile on his desk."Turn to page 324" he said silkily.The class did."Now tell me, what natural ingredient is used in calming potions, Miss Malfoy?""Mint, sir."Snape sneered "Read the instructions carefully and then begin making your calming draughts."The class did as they were told. As usual, Aurora helped Demelza with her potion when Snape's back was turned.When he passed by their table he promptly deducted 20 points from Gryffindor for Aurora having acted like a know it all, which angered her.She was too good in Potions and magical theory, but not good in magic.Was she ever enough?No.And the not being good at magic thing she felt was strongly related to the fact that she was using Narcissa's wand.She huffed at Snape to show she wasn't pleased."10 more points from Gryffindor for the attitude, Miss Malfoy."She hung her head and continued working.When class had ben dismissed, Aurora and Demelza brought their Potion vials up to place them on Snape's desk before rushing out of the classroom."Do you always have to loose us points, Malfoy?"Aurora turned to see the approaching girl. It was the girl she knew to be as Sage from Demelza."Which one?" She asked automatically."Don't be ridiculous, you're the only Malfoy here right now.""I don't know then," Aurora answered truthfully "Snape just hates me. Who are you anyway?" She asked already knowing the answer."Sage Brown, Lavender Brown's sister.""Right.Sage stuck out her chest haughtily and put her nose in the air."Now if you don't mind, I'd like to win the house cup.""Right.""Do you even care?""No", but Demelza had jabbed her in the ribs so she quickly added "well yes, of course."Sage gave them both a look before marching off, nose still in the air.That night, it seemed like the whole of Slytherin house was in the common room when Aurora finally entered."Hey! Muggle loving squib!" Draco called "come here.""Draco-" Daphne nudged testily."Shove off, Greengrass."Against her better judgement, Aurora hesitantly made her way to her brother."So, still sleeping with Astoria then?""You know I am.""Draco, leave her alone" Daphne tried again to intervene."Nah," he smirked.Then he added "Talia and Hera say you talk in in your sleep and that last night you were whimpering like you were having a bad dream, is that true?"Aurora didn't respond/"Is it true little Greengrass, Carrow?"To Aurora's disappointment both Astoria and Lyra nodded.Draco smirked even wider."You know," he said "I've been trying to be nice-""No, you haven't" Aurora shot back."I've been trying to be nice" he repeated smoothly "but Slytherins don't like muggle loving, squibs who has nightmares, am I right?"To Aurora's surprise, the common room started cheering, including Lyra, but Astoria had a pained look in her eyes."Let's say we get her to never come back and to leave us alone, for good. Shall we?"More cheers and murmurs of agreement."Draco-" Blaise said suddenly stepping between him and Aurora."Who wants to do the honours?" Draco said, ignoring Blaise."I will!" Marcus Flint cackled approaching Aurora from behind."No stop!" Daphne screamed.But no one was listening, everyone was staring at Marcus and Aurora.Aurora was scared.Scared green eyes locked onto to Draco's cold ones."Please, I I won't come back here I-""Too late" he snapped back at her.Marcus raised his wand."NO!" Blaise and Daphne yelled. Blaise tried tacking Marcus to the ground, but Flint was stronger.He once again raised his wand and yelled"Petrificus Totalus!"Aurora's limbs suddenly all snapped together. The Slytherins shrieked with laughter.The Slytherins were cheering."What should we do with her?" Crabbe asked eyes flashing with distaste at the young girl."Stick her somewhere" Pansy suggested snickering."You can come back when you've proved you're not a filthy muggle lover and you know who your parents are." Draco hissed.The Slytherins laughed."Take her away, boys!" Draco commanded.Aurora's scared green eyes were pleading for help, but none came."I told you that you didn't belong here" Lyra said sadly to her.Suddenly Aurora felt herself being picked up by Crabbe and Goyle while the Slytherins clapped and cheered.Aurora couldn't move."WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?"The Slytherin common room went silent.Professors McGonagall, Dumbledore, Snape and Black had entered the common room unnoticed. It was McGonagall's shout that had alerted the students to their presence.No one said anything, Aurora was still being held by Crabbe and Goyle and her body still under the body bind curse."Put Miss Malfoy down this instant!" Professor McGonagall demanded.With Aurora still in the body bind when Crabbe and Goyle released her she automatically crumbled to the ground.Professor Black immediately stepped forward and waved his wand to remove the body bind curse before kneeling on the ground beside her."Miss Malfoy, are you alright?"Aurora just nodded and staggered shakily to her feet. Professor Black stood up as well"Who did this?" He demanded "100 points from Slytherin and detention for the whole house!""Not so fast, Black" Snape interrupted.Black stared at Snape outraged.Snape curled his lip"Why, Miss Malfoy were you in the Slytherin common room?"No response, but Draco responded for her "she was sleeping in Astoria's dormitory, sir. She doesn't belong here.""I quite agree" Snape sneered rounding on the trembling girl."Severus-" Dumbledore said quietly, "that's enough.""No it is not! 100 points from Gryffindor for your foolishness!""I don't think that's necessary, Severus," Dumbledore said pleasantly, eyes twinkling down at Aurora "50 points back to Gryffindor, but I will leave the other 50 off as we have heard rather unsettling rumors about a scuffle yesterday."That was somewhat fair, Aurora thought."I quite agree with Professor Black," McGonagall said "detention for the whole Slytherin house for abusing and beating up a defenceless first year. I don't care what the reasoning was. Your detentions will last one week and will be for all of you. Starting tomorrow at 8pm. Trophy room.""But-" Draco started."No, buts, Mr. Malfoy" Professor Black said coldly.Aurora looed at Professor Black, he looked pale and rather gaunt. His eyes looked cold, but she knew it was because of the situation. He met her gaze and gave her a sad smile to confirm what she ad been thinking.Professor Black's POVProfessor Black's heart clenched when he looked into Aurora's sad green eyes. Eyes that had seen too much pain, just like his own.She was too small, so small and didn't deserve any of this. He made sure he gave his cousin Daco the coldest look he could manage without being unprofessional."Was this. Pre-planned?" He asked slowly.No answer."Mr. Malfoy, answer my question please."Draco shrugged back at him and smirked in his direction, clearly that was a "yes."He knew how the Malfoys and Blacks worked and he wasn't surprised to see Draco, his behaviour and his mannerisms. He had become so much like Lucius and he was only 13. He shuddered."Pre-planned?" Dumbledore repeated softly in disbelief eyes loosing their twinkle.No response."Very well, all Slytherins in this room will be receiving owls home to their parents. In addition to the loss of points and detentions."There was an uproar."SILENCE!" Snape roared "Everyone get to ed before I do the unthinkable and turn against my own house. Something I don't take lightly."Professor Black smiled at Aurora when he heard Snape's last words. Aurora just looked away.Aurora's POV"Sirius," she heard Dumbledore say quietly. "I think you're the best one to deal with Aurora's situation."Black nodded and beckoned Aurora towards him."Come with me" he said briskly.Aurora nodded and left the Slytherin common room with Professor Black.As they walked through the corridors, Aurora had to trot to keep up with his long legs.They walked in silence until they reached the DADA corridor. They stopped at a door that wasn't his classroom door and Black tapped it with his wand."My office" he said in explanation stepping inside with Aurora following closely behind him.He closed the office door before turning to her."Aurora, are you alright? Answer me honestly please."
