They were dead. How could they be dead? Is this a dream? Yes, it was a dream. Why did he do it? Why did Wormtail do it? Sirius Orion Black sighed as he looked down at the young boy in his arms. He then looked to his best friend who had tears and the wolf in his arms. Neither of them spoke as they walked down the long way back to Sirius's house. Remus Lupin, however, saw the pain in his friend's grey eyes. He also saw anger. He was angry sure but Sirius, Sirius looked like he was going to murder someone, and that someone was Peter Pettigrew. "I…. I don't know what to do now Moony," Sirius said looking at the one-year-old in his arms as they come up to the door to Sirius's family home. Sirius never thought he would be back here. He had told James once that he would never go back. Yet here he was back to this home that caused him so much pain and….."We keep going Padfoot. James and Lily would want us to," Remus cut him out of his thought. Sirius looked at him and smiled before he opened the dark door and started to cough at all to the dust. He covered his Godson from it before he pulled out his wand and sighed. "Remus can you… get rid of the dust or…..or something?" Sirius asked pulling his Godson close to his chest. The werewolf nodded and smiled a little. He then pulled out his wand and said a spell. Soon the dust flew out of the fount door. The house was just like as he left old and dark. Just like this night, just like last night and…" Sirius?" Remus said cutting him out of his thoughts once again. "Are you going to be ok?" Remus asked Sirius who sighed and nodded but he did not say anything. "All right. I'm um, going to go home now. It's the full moon tonight and I don't think…" Remus cut off with a sigh as he put his hand to his head. "the headache started," Remus added putting his wand away in his coat. Sirius sighed and nodded slowly."Oh, Merlin. I'm sorry Rem. I forgot. I guess I've been so into…." Remus held up his hand to stop him and sighed. He then looked around and smiled looking at the baby who opened his bright green eyes. "Hi, Harry. It's me uncle Padfoot and uncle Moony. We are here now. Remus, he's awake," Sirius said gently and smiled the first real smile in a long time."Hello, cub. I will see you later," Remus sighed and walked to the door. "He is in good hands Padfoot," Remus said before he left the house.Four years later. Remus sighed once he woke up. The bright sun shined on his face through the boarded window to the basement. The basement was covered in silver. Sliver chains mounted the floor. Remus took a deep breath and uncuffed himself and took let out a groan and a sharp breath when he saw the burn on his arm. Someone told him that this would be a good idea, but it caused him so much pain after the full moon. The werewolf then slowly got to his feet and let out a breath. "Broken ribs again?" he breathed his voice was horse, but this was normal. He then took a deep breath once again and looked around the room. Caw marks crisscrossed the walls and blood stained the floor. Remus then slowly made his way up the stairs. His vision was fuzzy, but he did not care. Even though he is fearing that he will fall down the stairs, again. However, he was glad that he didn't when his foot hit the top step. "There. That was not so hard," he told himself when he closed the door to the basement and walked to his bedroom.A few hours later Remus woke to the sound of a child crying? However, he did not get out right away because he thought that Sirius and Harry were here but he did get out when he heard that it was not the cries of Harry. "Sirius?" Remus asked throwing his thin blanket off the bed and limped out of the room. "Sirius, cub? Are you here?" Remus asked looking around in the darkness of the cabin that he lived in. It was dark because he had no lights in his house and he relied on the sun to light the house. "Sirius?!" Remus asked before he coughed because his voice hurt when he talked."Help please," a quiet voice said, and Remus raised an eyebrow for the cry came from the front door. "please help me, they are going to kill me," the boy said again as he knocked softly on the door. Alarmed Remus slowly walked to the door. The pain however was there with every step he took. "Open the door!" the boy demanded and that sounded like Regulus, Sirius's little brother but it cant be. Remus sighed when he got to the door and opened it slowly. He gasped a little when he saw him. The boy had blood dripping down his neck and his eyes were screaming in pain. His blonde hair was matted. Even though he was a child Remus could see a demanding look in his eyes behind the pain and fear."Um, hello. Do you need help?" Remus asked unsure what to say to this boy. The boy nodded slowly but he still looked mean. Remus reached down and picked up the child and walked in not knowing what this will do to his life.A/N: Okay a new story here. I'm writing this because I got stuck on my other storys so yeah, tell me what you think. Did you like it? Who is that kid? Well, you won't know till I write the next CH. Thank you all for reading and stay safe out there. -Captain Voxland. 

Remus put the boy in a chair and ran a hand over his face. The boy had fallen asleep or was he unconscious? "What am I going to do James?" Remus asked no one pulling out his wand and sighed as he moved it over the boy to see if he can ease any pain that he was in. However, this was all Remus could do. "Sirius? Maybe Sirius can help?" Remus asked voice still raspy. The werewolf then put his hand to his side and let out a breath and coughed a little, but he winced in pain as he does so. Wincing still he walked over to a chair and sat down making a nose in the process. "I'm sorry little boy but I cant help you. Not right now anyway," Remus said as his eyes slowly dropped but the quicky opened when he heard a knock on his door. He strained all the strath that he has left to hear Harry giggling."Remus? Remus, we are here to get you now. You can't keep living like this. I don't care what they say! Remus are you awake yet?" Remus smiled when he heard Sirius's voice on the other side of his door. However, his eyes dropped completely, and he blacked out once again. The last thought that was in his head was that he needed to help the boy.Sirius was worried when he knocked on Remus's door. For he knows that Remus should be up by now, but he was not answering. Sirius looked at Harry who was staring at the ground. Sirius raised an eyebrow and looked down to see what his Godson was looking at. His heart skipped a beat when he saw blood. Sirius quickly picked up his Godson and sighed. "Remus? Are you ok in there?" Sirius asked as he opened the door and pulled out his wand and walked in slowly with Harry close to his chest. "Remus?" Sirius asked quietly as he walked over to the chair where that boy was laying. However, Sirius did not see him for he saw Remus asleep on a chair shivering in the coldness of the house."Are we going to help him paddy?" Harry asked looking around. "It's cold in here," he added before he looked at Remus. Sirius smiled at his Godson and nodded slowly."Yes, pup. We are going to help him," Sirius said before he looked at his wand. "Lumos," he said before he shined it around and he almost dropped it when he saw the boy unconscious. "Merlin," he breathed. "We need to help them both," Sirius added before he put Harry down and took a deep breath. He walked over to Remus and shook him gently. "Remus? Moony can you hear me?" Sirius asked nervously. Harry looked at him, but he did not say anything as tears filled his eyes. "Remus come on! I cant get you and the other boy some help if you don't wake up!" Sirius called with tears in his eyes. Harry sighed a little, but he said nothing. After what felt like three hours, Remus opened his eyes slowly and smiled a little."Sirius," he breathed in a quiet voice. "What are you doing here. I was just going to get you so that you can help me with…" Remus cut off. His voice still hurt, and he did not want to talk more. Sirius understood this and smiled a little."Remus. I know you can't really talk right now but I need you to help me all right?" Sirius asked Remus who smiled a little and nodded as he stood up and waved at Harry. Harry waved back but he did not say anything. "Ok, so let's get this boy to the hospital and you as well Remus," Remus gave Sirius a look that says, 'Anything but that.' Sirius sighed and looked at his werewolf friend. "Remus, you are hurt, and I see burn marks on your wrists. I thought I told you that sliver chains weren't the best idea," Sirius said picking up the boy. Remus sighed and nodded slowly. Sirius was right of course but he still did not want to go to the bloody hospital. However, he knew that he should go. The werewolf looked at Sirius and nodded slowly but he still did not say anything. "All right, let's go, Remus can you get Harry?" Sirius asked Remus who raised an eyebrow. "What? Are your ribs broken again?" Sirius asked Remus who gave him a half-smile and sighed while he rested his hand on his side. "How are we going to do this then?" Sirius asked looking around him, but Remus pulled out his wand and silently said a spell. Soon a wolf came out and Sirius gasped. "Remus are you sure? I thought you hatted…." Remus held out his hand stopping Sirius."It's…It's ok Padfoot…..I can…." Remus started to cough. Sirius nodded slowly and walked up to the wolf."I need help. Remus and a boy whom I don't know are hurt. Send help please," Sirius said before the wolf ran off. Sirius took a breath and ran a hand through his hair. "Now we wait," Sirius said looking at Harry who was running around now. He laughed softly. Remus did the same as he sat down with a huff, but he did not say anything. Sirius knew that he was losing his voice.A few hours later and Remus was feeling a little better sure he still can't really speak but he could sometimes. He however did not know who that boy was and he kind of wanted to know for he could sense something about him. A connection or something. Remus did not know what it meant, and he was going to find out but not at this moment for he could not move from the hospital bed that he was in. Remus was glad that Sirius convinced the staff that he was not dangerous, and he deserved to be looked at, but he had to give them his name, and that cursed branding that he had to show everywhere he went. Remus sighed and looked at the door when it opened. In the doorway stood a healer. He had a smile on his face. "Hello, Mr. Lupin. How are you feeling?" The healer asked. Remus raised his hand and shook it. "I understand that," the healer said walking over to Remus who had a question on his mind, but he wasn't sure if he could ask it right now. However, he had to try."Is the boy ok? I don't really…." Remus coughed. "Care about myself only that boy is he…." Remus coughed again and sighed when his throat closed. The healer nodded and sighed as he looked over the clipboard that he was holding."Yes, he is right now. However, the boy was bitten. I'm sure you know what that means," the healer said to Remus who nodded slowly. He wanted to ask who bit him and what his name is, but he could not right now. Thankfully, the healer saw this in Remus's eyes. "Ah, yes, the boy is a named Draco Malfoy,"A/N: How was that? Did you like it? Two CHs in a day it has been a while since I've done that but I just did not want to stop typing. Thank you to my first reviews of this story. I don't really know where this is going so you guys are in this will me I guess. Thank you for reading and I will see you next time. -Captain Voxland
