So originally this book was posted on Wattpad with pictures of what actors or actresses I thought each character looked like so I wouldn't have to describe them but didn't add them. So instead for Lily Evans picture Karen Gillan, For James Potter picture Aaron Taylor Johnson, For Sirius Ben Barnes, Remus Lupin Andrew Garfield, For Peter Jamie Bell, For Marlene as Freya Mavor, Alice Fortescue as Carey Mulligan, Mary Macdonald as Kaya Scodelario and as Dorcas Meadows, Kate Graham.Main CharactersLily Evans 16 January 30, 1960, returning to school as a prefect and amazing grades she earned from the previous year. She has a goal to not only avoid the death eaters but to protect her friends as well. She is extremely worried about the situation going on outside the school and is extremely scared of what can happen to her family. She is also hoping to avoid both the attention of her ex-best friend Severus Snape and her "enemy" James Potter. After an incredibly horrible summer in which her sister treated her like absolute crap, she is excited to see her friends again. She is a somewhat popular girl and smart, she is 5'4 130 lbs. She is not on the Quidditch team although she loves to attend games. She is a member of the slug club and she has a doe Patronus. For Lily, I believe she is the INFJ the advocate. (Introverted, Intuition, Feeling, Judging) I think she has a deep sense of idealism and integrity but can speak with great passion and conviction. She strives to do what's right and wants to help people in her life. I think she is creative, insightful, principled, passionate, and Altruistic. I think the weaknesses are she can sometimes be sensitive to criticism, reluctant to open up, perfectionistic, avoiding the ordinary, and prone to burnout. I think in relationships, she takes the process of finding a romantic partner seriously and prefers not to settle until the ideal match is found. It can take time and results in her ending relationships due to having unrealistic expectations. In friendships, I think she prefers to have a close circle of confidants and once she connects with someone, she will open up more and share everything with them. She has a high standard for herself and therefore, she has high expectations for her friends.James Potter 16, Birthdate 27 March 1960 returning to school knowing he has to change if his friends are going to last the year. Over the summer, Sirius Black ran away and was left with an extremely fragile state. Not only that Remus Lupin and Sirius's relationship is still struggling to recover after the trick Sirius played the previous years. Also, his dreams are littered with what might happen if the full Moon goes array. On top of that, he is worried about his parents who are in the order and has to deal with peter struggling in classes. This goes along with the increasing danger of future death eaters in the castle. He is also, the only member of his friends who knows that the Triwizard Tournament is returning to the castle and that he might enter. He not only popular, smart, and a chaser on the Gryffindor quidditch team. He is 6'1, 160 lbs and has a stag Patronus. He has a giant red stag Animagus. For me, James was impossible to decide because I could see him being either the Commander or the Protagonist. Ultimately, I decided on Commander because the Protagonist type is unable to make hard-decisions, unlike James. He is a natural-born leader who has confidence, authority, and draws. Crowds together. He is rational, smart, and resilient. He loves a good challenge and with enough time he and resources he can do absolutely anything. He will push through in areas when everyone else would rather give up. He is efficient, energetic, self-confident, strong-willed, strategic thinker, and charismatic and inspiring. I think he can also be stubborn, intolerant, impatient, arrogant, poor handling of emotions, and ruthless. In a relationship, James will approach relationships with a goal and a plan to achieve them. In relationships, they put a lot of effort into both the short term and the long term. I think with friendship, he befriends people who share a passion for deep, discussions, who enjoy learning and development as much as he does. With his friends, he is willing to do just about anything for his friends and defending from anything coming at them in any direction.Marlene Mackinnon 16, October 15, 1959. She comes into this year worrying about her family and older siblings she is leaving behind as the world is becoming a dangerous place and her family is in order. She is a member of the Gryffindor Quidditch team as the Chaser and is an extremely popular girl. She comes from a decently wealthy pureblood family and has two older brothers. She is an extremely attractive girl and popular as well. She has a curvy figure, that is also muscular. She is 5'8 150 lbs. Her Patronus is a very playful otter. In my mind, she is the Entertainer or ESFP (Extroverted, Observant, Feeling, Perceptive), I think she is popular and the type of person who turns everything into a party. Sociable, she loves simple things and spending time with friends.s She has an eye for fashion and has her own style. She often forgets her homework or other responsibilities as she gets caught up in having fun. I think she is bold, original has showmanship, practical, observant, and has extremely good people skills. I think, however, she is also sensitive, conflict-averse, easily bored, not a long-term planner, and unfocused. She is also the type to have fun in relationships and does not focus on dating for the future. She is the one who brings spark and energy to her group of friends constantly wanting to do something fun.Alice Fortescue 16, 25 August 1960 She comes from a pureblood family that wasn't necessarily wealthy and whose uncle owns the Ice cream shop. Heading into the Sixth year, she is trying to keep her head down and avoid attracting any attention from the death eaters that would hurt her family outside of school. She is not a Quidditch player, nor is she the most popular girl in school, but she does fairly well in school. Dreams of becoming an Aurora. She is rather petite being 5'3, 140 lbs but can dish out some rather nasty hexes and jinxes. Her Patronus is a Seal. In my opinion, Alice is the Logistician or ISTJ (introverted, observant, thinking, judging) as I believe she is the type of person who has integrity, practical logic, and has a strong sense of duty. She has patience and is able to take a calm and relaxed approach to problems. I think she is honest and direct, strong-willed, responsible, calm and practical, create and enforce order, jack of all trades. I also believe she is stubborn, insensitive, always by the book, judgmental, often unreasonably blames herself. With dating, I believe Alice is the type to find the right person and to hold onto them no matter what. They take the slow methodical approach, they do not rush or force things, dedicating time for friendships to develop.Mary Macdonald Birthday 16, 18 July 1960, She comes from a muggleborn family is increasingly worried about the situation of Hogwarts. She was hurt seriously the previous year by Mulciber and Avery. She is struggling to get over this incident as often she wakes up with both panic and fear. Her goal for the year is to get through it with little to no incidents and with the Slytherins leaving her alone. She is 5'4 125 lbs. Her Patronus is a Tonkinese Cat. In my opinion, Mary is INFP the Mediator, introverted, intuitive, feeling, perceiving. I believe she has a caring nature and values harmony and empathy. She has a great inner nature and loves to daydream. She is thoughtful, generous, open-minded, creative, passionate, loyal to her values, overly idealistic, impractical, self-critical, emotionally driven, and difficult to get to know and conflict adverse. In relationships, she is a dreamer and therefore I believe she looks for true love and does not want to have anything short of that. Once they do find that person they are completely loyal to the relationship. Despite being an introvert, she still loves to spend time with her small group of friends, once she knows she can trust them.Dorcas Meadows 16 Birthday 1st of August 1960, she is a rather fierce half-blood coming back to school looking to protect her friends from the Death Eaters and a fierce determination to make a difference in the world. She is hoping to get great grades and fight in the war against Voldemort. Becoming increasingly aware of the dangers facing her Family. She is an extremely fierce person who excels in DADA, Charms, and Potions. She is a badass. She has a White Stallion Patronus that is seriously unique. She is a seeker on the Gryffindor quidditch team. She is extremely muscular 5'11, 175 lbs. in my opinion Dorcas is the Executive or the supervisor. She loves law and order and she enjoys getting the job done. She loves working in a group as long as who she's working with are hard-working and dedicated. She is extroverted, Observant, Thinking, and Judging she is dedicated, strong-willed, Direct and Honest, loyal, reliable, patient, an excellent organizer and enjoys creating an order. She can too inflexible and stubborn. Uncomfortable with unconventional situations, judgmental, difficult to relax, and expressing emotion. In relationships, she is honest and direct and she, therefore, behaves the same from beginning to end. In friendships, she is the one who constantly organizes activities and practices.Remus Lupin 16, Birthday March 10, 1960. He is still struggling to deal with his lycanthropy after the incident with Severus Snape the year before and the marauders becoming animagi. In my opinion, he's from wales and therefore speaks welsh better than English. His family generally treats him like a monster and a beast when they think he isn't paying attention. He is extremely studious and smart, and the mastermind of a lot of the marauder's pranks. Gets less attention than his best friends. Patronus is a wolf and is 6'3 150 lbs, rather skinny, with scars littering his body. He worries constantly about his friends and deep down is worried about becoming a monster. In my opinion, he is ISFJ the defender or introverted, observant, feeling, and Judging. I think he has excellent analytical abilities, as well as great people skills. I think he is reliable, and a bit of a perfectionist. He is supportive, reliable, and patient, imaginative and observant, Enthusiastic, Loyal, and Hard-working, and good practical skills. His weaknesses are that he is humble and shy, takes things too personally, repress their feelings, overloads himself, and is too Altruistic. I think in romantic relationships, he is originally shy and therefore it takes time to get him to open up. Once he opens up, he becomes a dedicated and loyal partner. I think in friendships, Remus is shy and does not open up easily so it takes persistence to become friends with him.Sirius Black: 16, Birthday November 3rd, 1959. The story begins the school year after he runs away from his home and disowned by his abusive family. He played as a beater for the Gryffindor quidditch team is 5'9 and 170 lbs. Extremely attractive gets a lot of girls' attention. He speaks French, and is one of the best in the school at dueling, and has a somewhat vast knowledge of both the dark arts and healing charms. He has a dog Patronus and began a dog Animagus that looks like the Grimm. He will spend a lot of time on his hair, and he will have both anxiety and suffer from depression. For Sirius, he is an ESTP personality, the Entrepreneur as I believe his character is extroverted, observant, Thinking, and Perceiving. I think he always the center of attention or being the entertainment. He is pretty smart, but he would rather go out and do something, rather than theorize it. He does not look before he leaps and fixes their mistakes as they go. I think he struggles in school as he does not do well with rules. He is bold, rational, and practical, original, perceptive, direct, sociable. I think on the other hand he is insensitive, impatient, risk-prone, Defiant, and unstructured. In romantic relationships, he is more focused on having fun, instead of focusing on the future or a long-term relationship. In his friendships, he is the one with new ideas and suggestions.Peter Pettigrew: 16 Birthday 9 September 1960, He begins after receiving not the best OWL's results from the year before. He is extremely scarred with the situation starting to brew outside and knows that his friends are going to be fighting in the front line and he will have no choice but to follow this or else he thinks he will lose his friends. He is a member of the group given the least amount of attention. He doesn't do so well in most of the classes and requires the assistance of both Remus and James. He has a rat Patronus and Animagus. He definitely has confidence issues and is bullied by the Slytherins when he is alone. As a character, he is not as attractive as his friends as he is 5'7shortest of the marauders 180 lbs. Not very athletic however, he does love the sport. In my opinion, Peter is ESFJ or the Consul. (Extroverted, Observant, Feeling, Judging). He is the one concerned with gossip, practical matter, and social status. He loves to be of service and loves to be valued and has strong practical skills, very loyal, sensitive, and warm, good at connecting with others. I think he is worried about social status, inflexible, vulnerable to criticism, and often too needy. To Peter, each stage of dating is important and his goal is to create understanding from early on. He can become hurt when insulted creating problems. In friendship, he is warm and loyal, standing by his friends offering emotional support and encouragement.(All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept 1st 1976)James POVI woke up early in my room in Potter Manor right as the Sun was beginning to rise. I could not help but watch and enjoy the picturesque view as the sun shines light across the forest in our backyard. I get changed putting on my clothes and prepare to go running before breakfast. I find it is an activity that is helpful in clearing my head, staying in shape and composing my thoughts. As I begin to run, I think about how I will be returning to Hogwarts today, my second home, the place where I met my three best friends. Sirius Black, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. Thinking about my three best friends, it reminds me of what a mess this summer was. Sirius Black, Padfoot, my brother, finally ran away from his childhood home after years of abuse. When I think back to the night Sirius showed up on our front steps. He was bleeding, could barely stand and had tears running down his face. It took me hours to calm him down as he was shaking and trembling in my arms, struggling to breathe. I can still picture it even a month after it happened. Since that day, my parents have basically adopted him and he is slowly getting better. I know he has been scarred permanently both mentally and physically but I am going to be with him every step of the way. I will never give up on him. I spent this summer calming Sirius down when he had panic attacks and putting the pieces back together. Sirius wasn't the only one worrying me, as my other best friend, my brother Remus Lupin or Moony also struggled all this summer. Moony is a werewolf and believes that due to this he is a monster. He is not and will never be a monster, as Moony is one of the best people I have ever met. Ever since the incident at the end of our fifth year, where Sirius told Snape how to get past the whomping willow on a full moon, Moony hasn't been the same. I still feel so scared remembering that night, how I followed Snape to the willow and pulled him out the way just in time, I got a nice scar for my effort. Somehow Professor Dumbledore managed to convince Snape not to speak a word of it. It has been troubling Moony how close he came to hurting someone and reinforced Moony's idea that he is a monster. Also, this summer my best friends and I, the Marauders as we have dubbed ourselves, have perfected our animagi transformations and how to deal with a werewolf on a full moon. I know deep down our animagi transformation worries Moony and he is scared to hurt us. But that doesn't matter to us, our transformations help him and therefore, we are going to continue doing them. I spent most of the summer, reinforcing the idea that he is my brother and that he is not a monster. My last brother Peter or Wormtail was reeling this summer after his poor OWL results added to his already low self-esteem. He has always been bullied for his looks and less than stellar intelligence. I always make sure to compliment Peter or offer him sweets when he feels particularly down. That's why it hurt seeing Wormtail so down this summer, as he is normally such a happy and funny person. I spent most of my summer trying to cheer him up with various sweets and helping plan where to go from here. It's been a bad summer, all round. I can't wait to return to Hogwarts.I start to up my speed to hurry and make it home on time. Once I reach the front steps, I hear Sirius is awake and talking to my mom in the Kitchen.As I enter, I shout to my mom "I'm taking a shower, then I'll be down for breakfast mum."My mom shouts back "Okay, but hurry up, we don't want to miss the train."I rush upstairs and quickly take off my clothes and hop in the shower. I quickly wash and then dry myself. I walk over to the mirror and quickly run my hand through my messy jet black hair. Through the years it has become a nervous habit of mine. As I run downstairs my mind quickly flits to Hogwarts and wondering what this year is going to be like. I know this year is going to be different. I need to step up, I need to be there for my friends and protect them. No one is going to touch them. I enter the kitchen to see my mom, my dad and Padfoot sitting round the table and I can't help but smile about my family. I quickly grab a piece of toast and sit down joining the table. They begin discussing the world outside and Sirius and I begin to discuss what pranks were going to pull this year.Timeskip to the stationSirius and I pass through the Barrier at platform 9 3/4 to the see the Hogwarts express the large steam engine that will take us to Hogwarts. We quickly deposit our trunks in our marauders compartment marked with our initials. Sirius and I walk back out and head to say goodbye to our Mom and Dad."Bye Mum, Bye Dad" I say at the same time as Sirius. I hug my Mom and Dad tightly and without shame. As I let go, Sirius quickly takes my place and hugs them tightly.Before leaving, my mom says "please, stay out of trouble and look after each other."At the same time, Padfoot and I tell her "We will do our best to stay out of trouble but trouble will find us."We head back towards the train when we see two younger students struggling to lift their trunks. We make are way over there and I ask, "do you need some help?"A girl with brown hair and black eyes and light skin exchanged a look with her friend who looks similar brown hair, black eyes but with chestnut-colored skin then says, "Yes please."We hoist up the trunks and carry them onto the train and find an empty compartment to store them. Before leaving I turn and say, "if you guys need anything just let us know, I am James Potter and this is my best friend Sirius Black."The same girl who answered before said "thank you, I'm Samantha Rose, and this is my friend Teri Gardner, she speaks French better than English."Sirius then speaks up and says "Si vous besoins plus d'aide juste demande nous et nous pouvons aider. Je m'appelle Sirius Black et lui est James Potter."The girl looks up surprised and replies "Ca c'est tres gentil merci beaucoup."Sirius and I nod before leaving the compartment to head to our own. As we are walking I feel Sirius elbow me in the ribs to get my attention and I see in front of me is Lily Evans. Lily Evans the girl I have a crush on, the girl who rejected me rather publicly after I asked her out inappropriately. Lily Evans also happens to be a girl with a fiery temper and rather serious hate for me, due to my rivalry with her ex-best friend, pureblood supremacist, Severus Snape. We still see each other fairly often due to being in the same house Gryffindor, being in the same year, and sharing the same friend group. This year I was hoping to interact with Lily as little as possible as I need to be there for my friends and getting mixed up and yelled at by Lily won't do me any good.Sirius seems to have other ideas as he shouts out "Hey Lilikins, how are you!" Might I add Sirius and Lily have a newfound friendship to replace the previously held hatred?Lily turns around and replies "Hey Sirius, Potter, I'm doing alright. How was your summer?"Sirius replies carefully, clearly wanting to avoid the subject "not that bad, how was yours?"In a similar fashion, Lily says "it was fine."I nudge Sirius hopefully discreetly and mutter "We're going to be late meeting the other marauder's let's go."Apparently, it didn't go unnoticed by Lily as something flashed in her eyes. Padfoot seemed to grasp the situation and said a quick goodbye to Lily as we made our way past.As we enter the compartment we hear an excited shout from Peter and Remus "Prongs, Padfoot!"I quickly say "Moony, Wormtail" just as eagerly back. We needed to get down to business before Remus goes to the prefect meeting.I quickly say "Marauder's I call to order the 6th annual meeting of the Marauders on the Hogwarts express. Is everyone present?""Moony Present" Remus answers"Padfoot reporting for duty" Sirius answers"Wormtail here as always" Peter answers"Then let's begin with the planning of our annual start of term prank. Any ideas?" I ask.Remus's face immediately lights up and he seems to have a wide grin etching his way onto his face. Moony says "I've got a great idea and it's going to be epic." We immediately start planning and hardening out the finer details.Timeskip to when Remus leaves for the Prefect MeetingAs Remus leaves for the Prefect Meeting, four new faces enter the compartment. I stand up and walk over before embracing two of the new faces in giant bear hugs. Marlene Mackinnon and Alice Longbottom, who are like my sisters. I remember the day I met them when I was 5, our families were all purebloods but not members of the Sacred 28. We grew up together, took lessons together, they were my best friends before coming to Hogwarts. At Hogwarts, Marlene and I are as close as anyone, we play Quidditch together, she tells me everything and I tell her everything (except about Remus being a werewolf, the fact that I am an illegal animagus as they aren't my secrets). Alice and I have a much quieter bond, but we have a special bond, we don't need words or to say anything, we are just always there for one and other. I turn around and face the other two girls, Dorcas Meadows and Mary Macdonald. Mary and I aren't exactly close I would say at best we're friends. We have the same friends, so we are polite with one and other. Finally, there's Dorcas Meadows, who is my close friend and who is a badass. We became friends the day I told the Gryffindor Quidditch Captain to go fuck himself after he was being a sexist dick towards Dorcas at try outs. I walk over and hug her too. After completing our hellos, we all sit down and begin recounting our tales of summer.Lily's POVI wake up to the sound of my alarm and jump awake and remember this is the day I return to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I quickly prepare what I am going to wear and then head to take a shower before breakfast. In the shower, I can't help but think about the summer and how terrible it's been. My sister has been treating me absolutely terribly, calling me a freak and looking at me like I'm different. At Hogwarts, I get called mudblood by the pureblood supremacists and treated like a freak. The last thing I needed was for the same thing to happen at home but here we are. I hate how I do not belong anywhere. What is worse is the fact that I still have to see my ex best friend Severus Snape around the town of Cokeworth. Every time I see him, I am reminded of the day he finally called me a mudblood. I knew before then that he was obsessed with the dark arts and that he might have called others mudblood but I just didn't want to believe it. My friends even warned about such a thing but I chose to ignore them. I shake all those negative thoughts out of my head and head downstairs, to get breakfast. I can't help but look at the table and see my dad reading the paper and my mom cooking. No Petunia, maybe this will be a nice meal. I say "hi" quickly before taking a seat. My mom bring me a plate of pancakes that are delicious. I begin to dig in when I glance over at the paper my dad's reading. I can't help but notice another strange disappearance has happened. They have been happening more and more frequently showing Voldemort's power growing. Voldemort is a dark wizard, who is terrorizing the magical world. His agenda is to rid the magical world of anyone who isn't pureblood. To him, me and every other muggleborn do not belong in the magical world and should be killed. He is gaining followers called the death eaters quickly and killing anyone who stands in his way. At school, there is a group of students who are all obsessed with the dark arts and pureblood supremacy and are planning to join him after school and hunt down people like me. This of course includes my ex best friend Severus Snape. Everyone in the wizarding world says war is brewing. I do my best to keep my parents in the dark about how dark the wizarding world is getting but it is becoming harder and harder. I constantly worry for their safety and my own safety as I myself am going to be the target for pureblood supremacists during my upcoming year at Hogwarts. I just hope I can keep my good grades and avoid any incidents. My mind wanders back to my parents as I hear my mom call my name. "Lily, Lily are you listening?""Sorry mom, I zoned out for a second, what was it?" I asked"You, Petunia, and I are going to the train station right after breakfast, we'll drop you off first, then Petunia and I are going shopping if that's okay?" My mom repeats.I smiled and say "Sure, mom that's fine."Timeskip to the train stationI walk past platform nine and 3/4 and see the Hogwarts Express in all its glory. I wave at a couple of students I recognize before heading onto the train. I place my trunk on the shelf and start to look for my boyfriend and my friends. I find my boyfriend first, Thomas Linnety a Hufflepuff Prefect in the same year as me. We met on rounds together after Remus was out sick. He is a smart, quiet, and caring person. He has beady eyes the color of the afternoon sky. His silky, straight, medium-length hair is the color blonde and is worn in an attractive style. He is tall and has a lithe build. His skin is white. He has a pointed chin. After spending hours together in the library, he finally asked me out. We went together on the last Hogsmeade trip of 5th year. We've been sending letters all summer. I walk over and hug him tightly as he is not one for PDA or attention."Thomas, I missed you" I say happily,"I definitely missed you too, Lily." He replies."I'm going to go find the girls as I want to see them before the Prefect meeting. Is it okay if we catch up right after the prefects meeting?" I ask"Yes, of course, I don't mind. Go find your friends, I know it's been a while since you have seen them." He repliesI swiftly kiss him on the cheek before going to look for the girls. As I am heading down the train, I hear someone shout out "Hey Lilikins, How are you?"Only one person calls me Lilikins, I quickly turn around and see Sirius Black and James Potter approaching me. Sirius Black and I have a rocky relationship, I used to hate him and James Potter equally as they were both arrogant, bulling prats who tortured my ex-best friend Severus Snape. Then one day, Sirius found me crying over a letter from my sister. He was able to calm me down and opened up about his own family life. After that, we formed a rather tentative friendship. James Potter on the other hand is a complete jerk, who is so arrogant and full of himself. He always messes up his hair to make it look like he just got off a broomstick making half the girls in the school swoon. He is always pulling pranks and causing mischief with his three best friends, the marauders as they dubbed themselves. They include Remus Lupin, my close friend who is rather tamed compared to the other troublemakers, my friend Sirius Black, Potters partner in crime, and Peter Pettigrew, who worships the ground Potter and Sirius walk on. They are the most popular boys in our year. They act like they own the place just because they are extremely smart, the most popular students and Potter is one of the best quidditch players in the school, they think they own the place, strutting around everywhere and acting superior to everyone else. Okay, Sirius and Remus aren't that bad, it is really just Potter, the leader, the most arrogant of them all. I don't understand why so many people like him. He's so annoying, and always arguing with me when I tell him off. Even worse, he had the audacity to ask me out twice last year, including while bullying my ex-friend. I hate him with a passion. I only ever hang out with him because we share common friends. My friends always say he's not so bad but they are wrong. He just always irritates me and worst of all I can rarely win against him. He never backs down or shrinks away from my anger. He's such a prat and a fake. I then notice that weirdly Potter is as eager as I am to have this conversation.I refocus my attention on the conversation and reply "Hey Sirius, Potter, I'm doing alright. How was your summer?"Sirius who doesn't seem eager to talk about his summer replies "not that bad, how was yours?"I was equally unwilling to go into my summer as I had no wish to talk about Petunia. So, I answer "it was fine."I see Potter elbow Sirius and mention something about being late.Sirius seems to understand that Potter doesn't really want to talk to me and so he says a quick goodbye before hurrying after Potter. I couldn't help but be a little surprised because Potter never openly ignored me like that, but maybe I could get through the year without having to yell or scream at him. I continue to search until I locate my friends Marlene Mackinnon, Alice Fortescue, Dorcas Meadows, and Mary Macdonald. Mary and I have been close friends ever since we met in the library 1st year. We are both have similar interests, are quiet, and like to avoid parties as much as possible. Alice Fortescue and I met at the Hogwarts feast in 1st year and we bonded over our unique thinking and love of having a project to do. She taught me everything I needed to know about the magical world. Dorcas Meadows, the girl I met in 1st year after she stood up for me against a couple of older pureblood students. She is very protective of me and always giving me honest but blunt advice. Finally, Marlene Mackinnon my sister in all but blood, she is there with me every step of the way, making sure to get me out of my shell and to have fun. As I enter the compartment, I find Marlene and Dorcas having an argument over who is the best quidditch team. Then, there is Mary who is drawing a picture of the passing scenery. Finally, Alice is reading a book that seems to be a wizard fiction book.As I enter she is the first to see me and says "hey Lily" which seems to break the others out of their activities as they all say Hi to.I sit down and ask, "How was your summer guys?"Marlene Mackinnon immediately went into a detailed account about her action boy packed summer. When she finished her story about sleeping with this foreign French boy, she turns to me and asks, "How was Petunia this summer?""She was the usual, I kind of wish I didn't have to deal with her, but she's my sister I can just hope that at one point she will treat me like a sister again." I reply"You need to stop trying to rationalize her behavior, your sister is a jealous bitch and you shouldn't waste your time with her." Dorcas put bluntly"Dorcas" Alice hissedI was shocked I mean I knew my sister was a bitch, but that doesn't mean you give up on her, I mean you shouldn't give up on family. I still wasn't sure how to reply and Mary sensing my need for a change in topic engaged Marlene in the popular gossip of the school."Marlene did you hear about the drama going on with the 5th year students""You mean the one where Tim Stephenson and Mason McLaggen the most popular boys in fifth year, have crushes on Tessa Wilkinson and Hannah Lyons from the rather nerdy group" Marlene replied"I meant the part that Brooklyn Martin who is friends with Tim and Mason has started to bully Tessa because Brooklyn has a rather large crush on Tim." Mary answersI know Tessa she is a Ravenclaw and a rather kind and nice girl. She is probably going to make prefect this year. I've spoken to her several times in the library and I actually know she has a huge crush on Tim. It hurts to hear she is getting bullied for it. I will need to talk to her after the prefects meeting."You guys do know Tessa has a crush on Tim right?" I answered smuglyMary and Marlene both looked like I had offered them pure gold. And then they along with Alice start to squeal.Alice is the first to speak up "that is so cute they are so going to be a cute couple."The talk of gossip continues until it is time for the prefect's meetings. I say goodbye and head to the meeting. I notice first the head boy is Frank Longbottom an obvious choice as he is a strong-willed, natural-born leader. He has thick brown hair that is worn in a short buzz cut type. He is tall and has a muscular build. His skin is pale. He has a weak chin. Alice has had this huge crush on him since the fourth year. The head girl is Hestia Jones a kind, smart, athletic and caring girl, who always helps out everyone in the hallways. She has tanned skin, black hair rather muscular build, and has soft blue eyes. I watch as the rest of the prefects enter. From Gryffindor, there are 5th years Brooklyn Martin and Dirk Cresswell, Brooklyn Martin! that's the bitch whose bully Tessa! My partner in 6th year is my good werewolf friend Remus Lupin. He doesn't know I know he is a werewolf; it would just make things awkward. Remus and I are super close, he is like my older brother, I trust him with all my secrets and we spend a lot of time studying in the library together. 7th years are Cadaroc Dearborn and Britta Macmillan both rather popular and kind students. From Hufflepuff, in 5th year Nick Murray and Cara Birch both kind people, I see Cara around a lot, she's involved in most things in the school. Nick is best friends with Mason and Tim who the girls were gossiping about. 6th year was Thomas Linnety and Andy Reid, Thomas is my boyfriend and Andy is apparently a kind, hard-working person but I don't know her well. 7th year Reggienal Cattermole and Kristy Dennis, I only know Reggienal for having a crush on Mary. For Ravenclaw 5th year Ash Selwyn and Tessa Wilkinson I know both of them well enough, they are smart and kind and always respectful. 6th year Benjy Fenwick and Emmeline Vance, they are friends of mine, who always stand up for what they believe in. They also make a very cute couple. 7th Year is Regan Adams and Bertram Aubrey, I know Bertram well I went on one date with him, he is an arrogant, pompous git who still has a crush on me. Finally, the Slytherin prefects 5th year Amycus Carrow and Alecto Carrow twins who are going to join the death eaters. 6th Year Severus Snape and Milly Hudson. I know Severus well-being my ex-best friend another dark arts obsessed prefect. 7th Year Pam Parkinson and Evan Rosier both will probably end up in the death eater circle, Evan Rosier is the leader of the future death eaters at school.Timeskip to the end of the prefect meetingI tell Remus I would see him later and walk over to Brooklyn Martin intent on telling her to leave Tessa alone but before I could I felt someone tugging on my arm."Please Lily I need to talk to you." Severus says"I don't want anything to do with you" I spit"Why, all those years done the drain for one word" Severus replies angrilyI am done with his bullshit and lies. "It was more than one word it was years of being obsessed with the dark arts and bullying students. I don't want anything to do with you and your dark art obsession. I'm done making excuses." I shout.Before Severus could reply Hestia came over and asks, "is there a problem over here."Severus quickly replies "no" and walks awayI turn around and say, "thanks Hestia, you're a lifesaver, congratulations on Head girl.""Thanks," She saysI walk off to find Thomas and to catch up. I quickly find him waiting in the corridor for me. I smile happily and walk over."tell me did you read the new Agatha Christie novel it was such a fascinating read." I ask eagerly"You know that's not my type of book Lily, I do not like murder." he replied quietly.I felt guilty for forgetting that he scares easily. I should have remembered that. Shaking my head, I quickly say "Sorry, my bad, I forgot. In your last letter though you mentioned you were reading this new book."He smiles and answers "Don't worry about it. My family took a trip to the states as you read in my letter, so I was able to find this book called A river runs through it and other stories. It's about the inner-workings of a town and the role of a son, father, and husband."I can't help but smile I love to talk about books even books I am not hugely interested in. This one would not be too high on my list but I still enjoyed hearing about it."So, the trip to America, did you get to see anything magical there?" I ask"Not exactly I mean I was with my mom the entire time, since my dad was hunting the magical creature, I didn't get to do anything magical. I mean I wasn't too upset as it was nice to just be muggle for once." He answeredI remembered then that his dad was a monster hunter and that the trip was for work, not just a vacation. I couldn't help but wonder how he found it so easy to drift between the two worlds. I mean I guess he has a parent who can understand his muggle side and a parent to understand his magical side. My parents could never understand my world no matter how well I can describe it. As my mind was drifting I knew I needed to say something."Did you hear about the new developments on a potion to help cure lycanthropy." I ask"No, I mean I guess it doesn't really concern me, but if it is able to keep werewolves at bay and prevent them from hurting innocent people then that sounds great." He repliesI wish I could talk about these kinds of things with someone but no one wants to talk about advanced magic or listen to me ramble on about potions. I found my friends sitting in the marauder's compartment as I expected and quickly waved at everyone as I was entering. I was surprised by what was going on. A game of exploding snap was going on between Peter and Sirius, although it looked like Sirius was winning. Mary was drawing again, while also engaging in a conversation with Dorcas about fashion. Alice and Remus were conversing quietly about what sounds to be classes. What surprised me, is Potter seemed to be reading very quickly mind you a book on advanced charm that even I haven't read. Marlene was sleeping on his shoulder. He doesn't even look up when I enter just continues reading. I sit down and eventually enter the conversation with Remus and Alice about who they think the new DADA teacher will be. The conversation eventually became about OWLs results and what NEWTs we were thinking of taking.Remus went first and says "I got O's in DADA, Charms, Potions, Arithmancy and Herbology, E's in History of magic, transfiguration, and Astronomy. I'm planning on taking DADA, Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, Arithmancy, Herbology."Alice went next and says "I got O's in DADA, Charms, Herbology, E's in everything else. I am taking DADA, Potions, Charms, Herbology, Transfiguration, Astronomy."They looked at me expectantly and so I tell them "I got O's in everything except Transfiguration where I got an E. This year I am taking DADA, Potions, Charms, Herbology, Transfiguration, Alchemy."At this point Potter looks up for the first time and asks, "You're taking Alchemy, you'll have to tell me about that class since there is so little about the subject in the library."I am taken aback by this, why would Potter have an interest in such an obscure branch of magic. I still nod and say "of course, what about you, how did the great James Potter do on his OWLs?"Potter ignores the comment and rolls his eyes at me and then in a calm but confident voice says, "All O's, and I am planning on taking DADA, Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, Herbology, Magical Theory."I am stunned he scored better than me and didn't even have to study, this really ticks me off, and why magical theory, that has to be the most boring class in the world, even worse than Binn's History of magic. Letting the anger get the better of me I spit "how did you score all O's you didn't even study, and magical theory, that has to be the most boring subject there is, why would you take that?"When my anger takes over people usually shy away and back down but Potter has always been the exception. He calmly but with a clear threat in his voice replies "Well, Princess, I happen to do a lot of extra-curricular activities involving magic." He pauses then continues "in these activities I have gained a broad understanding of many types of magic which is why I understand things so well without studying. As well, Magical theory might be boring to you but is the key to all my success. By understanding the theory behind magic and the composition of spells, you are able to see magic in a different light and allows you to learn new or forgotten magic or even be able to use spells in a unique fashion. By seeing how a spell was created step by step, you can see the meaning behind each part of it and manipulate and alter it for your own purpose." He then gets up hands his wand to Remus and then says, "Allow me to offer you a demonstration, Princess, as it might give you an idea of what I mean."I hated the nickname princess and I can see he knows that. I was getting ready to retort because I hate it when someone beats me in an argument, but suddenly he casts a wandless shield charm. I cannot help but gape at him. That level of magic is advance. He is looking at me with an I win look and I cannot let him win. So, I say "That truly is advance magic Potter, but are you telling me you couldn't have learned it without Magical theory?" It turned more into a genuine question at the end.He seemed to sense this as his demeanor relaxed a bit and he replies "Like you said I probably could've, with enough time, but magical theory definitely helped. Magical theory isn't something that allows you to grasp every type of magic. All it does is it gives you the full picture. It focuses on the theory behind it, why certain movements, certain words produce specific types of magic. Without it, you can learn the what but you don't know the how or the why. For me in particular, by being able to see the full picture I can manipulate and slightly alter spells in a way that benefits my specific need. Another example, it teaches us that the wand is only used to focus your power, and how as children before we use our wands we all perform small acts of wandless magic. That the ability to use wandless magic is ingrained in us, it is just that we spend so much time training with a wand that we don't practice without a wand. Then, It's just a matter of practice and focus, and training to develop wandless magic. Don't you see what I am saying, it's about understanding because to solve problems you need to understand and look at all sides of the problem and that is why magical theory is important if you are able to focus and are willing to try and get past the boring beginning."The rest of the girls and I were all shocked, his speech was flawless and logical and it was difficult to find a fault in it. It was so full of passion, and willingness to get me and the rest to understand. It is a natural gift of Potter, when he talks about something important to him, he speaks with such passion, charisma, and understanding that you can't help but listen and agree with him. I hate that about him, it is annoying and he never uses it for anything important. However, if I am being honest with myself it is a bit awe-inspiring. Then, the other Marauders burst out laughing and Sirius says "prongs the amount of time I've heard you go on and on about that class is adding up, I could almost have your entire speech memorized, although I do believe I would do such a better job as I have such a melodic voice and a flair for dramatics which you seem to lack."This made the rest of us laugh."Oi, Padfoot, you may have me with your flair for the dramatics, but I certainly believe I have you beat for looks" Potter replies"Fat chance" Sirius retorts.Almost at the same moment they turn to Remus and Peter and asks "Moony, Wormtail, which one of us is better looking."Peter then loudly whispers to Remus "Not again, how many times have they had this argument in the past month 10, 20 times."Dorcas interjects "So you've had a quiet month."All of us laughed except Sirius and Potter they pouted.Potter and Sirius realizing they weren't going to get an answer decided instead to play duel with wands. We couldn't help but laugh when Sirius made his dramatic fake death as Potter finished him off.It was then I realized it was going to be a fun train ride. The remaining time was passed with us spending time as a group laughing and joking and soon enough we arrived at Hogsmeade station.Please if there is anyone actually reading this, this is my first fanfiction so it would be really helpful if you comment, and most importantly offer feedback so I can get better. Thanks, NC575243. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieWord Count 6085

Sept 1st, 1976)Lily's POVWe just arrived at the train station and as a group, we get up and begin to exit the train. I head towards the carriage following Marlene and the rest of my friends. Before we can get there, we hear a small cough from behind us."We're going to catch a later carriage as we need to discuss and prepare a few things," Potter calls.I turn around to give a harsh reply, knowing they are up to no good, but it's too late and they are already gone. I turn back to my friends and ask "what do you think that was about?"Dorcas answers quickly "what do you think it's about Lily, they are obviously causing trouble or planning their first prank." I can't help but agree with her and see Marlene and the rest of them nodding in agreement."I can't help but wonder what it is? Marlene, did James happen to mention what they're up to?" Mary asksMarlene shakes her head disappointingly and says "No, they seemed to want to keep it a secret."You know the Marauders, they love to surprise people and probably think it will add to the showmanship," Dorcas adds."Whatever it is, it is going to be great, it always is. I think they are planning something special, I mean did you see the book James was reading." Alice says"Yeah I saw it, it is a complicated charms book, who knows what they are up to if it requires magic that complicated," I reply. In my head I hope it isn't that bad, the marauder's pranks are normally damaging and usually target the Slytherins. Most people find them funny, but I find most of them cruel, I mean not all of Slytherin house is bad. I was hoping over the summer, Remus might have been able to calm them down, but so far I am disappointed. As I am thinking of this, I hear my friends discussing what the marauders are going to do excitedly. I suddenly rush forward seeing an empty carriage. I climb in followed by Mary and the rest of my group. Before the carriage can pull away, three more faces climb into the carriage. Andy Reid, my fellow 6th-year prefect, Sammy Violetta, a 6th year, a muggle-born, she is quiet and nice and I know she has a crush on Sirius black, finally, Liz Khanna a 6th year Ravenclaw, who is also shy. She often studies with Remus in the library when I am not there. Remus said she is really smart and helpful. I smile at them and say "hello."They all reply with various "hello's" and "hi's" and take a seat opposite from us. They begin their own conversation talking about who they think is going to be the new DADA teacher. I turn to my friends and join in the conversation they were having."Did you hear the new song by the Hobgoblins?" Mary asks"They are such a great band, and I can't help but be envious of their talent." Dorcas answers"Come on Dorcas, your voice is amazing, everyone looks forward to you and James performing after Quidditch matches." Marlene saysWe all nod fervently and Dorcas bursts into laughter at our faces. She says "I wasn't fishing for compliments you guys but thanks anyways.""I would like to add that Queen is superior to the Hobgoblins, it is not even a contest" I addThe others collectively roll their eyes until we hear a new voice enter the conversation "Lily's right, Queens superior to the Hobgoblins in every way."Lily turns and sees Andy Reid looking over with Sammy Violetta whose nodding her head. I turn back to her friends and smiles smugly."Their music may be better, but come on, have you seen Stebbins Boardman he is far more attractive than anyone in Queen." Marlene begins to argue.Scoffing can be heard from Sammy who says "Have you seen Freddie Mercury, he blows Stebbins Boardman completely out of the water. He has perfected the bad boy look."Interested, I turn to Sammy, "are you a big fan of Music?"Sammy smiles and answers "yeah, I'm hoping to have a career in music after school. I'm taking both Muggle Music and Music NEWTs this year. Gryffindor is not the only house with musical performances at their parties.""Are you any good? What's your genre? Who's in your band?" I ask really quickly. Behind me I see my friends snickering and rolling their eyes. They know I get over-excited sometimes.Sammy who does not seem to be phased by my energy answers "Andy Reid over here is the drummer, Kylar Hicks, and Mandy Macheda play the guitar, and I am the singer. We play rock music and we are decent, but we can definitely improve." At the mention that she was a singer, Dorcas's interest peeked and they began a really complicated conversation about singing. I look over at Andy and smile and say "I will definitely have to hear you guys play." In my head, I am thinking we might have made some new friends. The conversation of music continues all the way to the castle.Timeskip to arriving at the castleOur carriage arrives at the front doors and I smile excited to be back and enjoying the view of the large oak doors. My friends and I enter the castle and see the usual corridors stretched out in front of us. We begin to head towards the great hall and find our seats for the feast. We're some of the first to arrive. We begin to talk about who the new DADA teacher will be."It won't matter who he is, he will be gone by the end of the year. We all know the job is jinxed." Dorcas says"Dorcas you and I know it is an important year, we need to have a good DADA teacher if we are going to have any chance at doing well in NEWTs," Alice says"Alice is right, we can't have a useless teacher as we did back in the second year. We learned absolutely nothing that year." I add."I'm not even taking DADA, I didn't pass the OWL. So I don't really care who the new teacher is. I'm more concerned with who the new ancient studies and ancient runes teacher will be." Mary saysI look over expecting Marlene to add something, but I notice she is staring at the entrance to the Great Hall."This can't be good," I say to the rest of my friends, pointing to the entrance of the Great Hall.James POVAfter exiting the train and getting away from the girls, we immediately begin to discuss everyone's role in the upcoming prank."So Padfoot, you're in charge of the projections right, Wormtail, you're in charge of the sounds, and Remus, you're in charge of helping me break the enchantments right," I say while my friends all roll their eyes.Padfoot grins and says "Sir yes Sir, Commander Prongs"Wormtail adds "Roger" (giving James a salute)Remus smiles and says "I read the same book you did Prongs, stop worrying, it is going to go perfectly.""That's lord and supreme master to you, Padfoot. Please try and use my proper title when addressing me." I say, pretending to give him a stern look.We all burst into laughter as we all head towards an empty carriage at the back of the procession. As we are getting in, two people join our carriage. First, is Lucinda Talkalot, the person who is supposed to be the Slytherin quidditch captain and seventh year Slytherin Garrett Beck who is a nice enough, hard-working, and honest guy. I smile at Lucinda and say "Hey Lucinda, did you get the Slytherin Quidditch Captaincy? Hey Garrett."Garrett inclines his head and Lucinda smiles and says "Yeah, I did, I'm so excited I can't wait to get started. I have so many ideas." I look over and see Moony and Padfoot deep in conversation with Garrett about what I think is classes. I turn back to Lucinda and reply "It will be a good competition this year, every team seems to be strong. I mean besides Ravenclaw, who has that idiot in charge Worton Davis.""I know if Hestia wasn't head girl. She's a better leader and player. Hufflepuff is looking pretty dangerous though under Edgar Bones." Lucinda answers"I always say Gryffindor is the best, but this year there is definitely some strong competition. Edgar Bones isn't the one on Hufflepuff who scares me. Remember last year the fourth year, Tim Stephenson, he was always good but it seems like they finally found him some decent chasers to support him, he looks like he's going to be a star." I say enthusiastically"I remember that kid, made the team in the third year, some sort of prodigy. I like to think Slytherin is the top threat to, but this year between you and Hufflepuff it's going to be one hell of a first season as Captain." Lucinda babbles"I think you are forgetting that you have the most skilled seeker in the school, don't tell Dorcas I said that, and there is you, who is the best keeper in the school. Although I still believe that Wood will be a star one day." I say"That's true but you are also forgetting I have to deal with three idiots, Mulciber, Avery, and Wilkes, who we both know won't show me any respect. They will think because I am a woman and because I am not all for that Pureblood shit, that they won't have to listen." Lucinda says while frowning."That's true but don't you have the fourth year kid, Ralph Hammerton. Isn't he a good chap?" I ask"Yes, he definitely is, but I am worried if the wrong people influence him I could lose him." She says, looking rather sad."You've got this Lucinda, we have been playing against each other for how many years 7! 8! Even though we've never been friends, we have been playing against each other before Hogwarts. You were always an amazing person to play against and you always pushed me to be better. Through those years, I've learned your determined, strong, and a very good strategist. You were selected as captain for a reason and because Slughorn clearly trusts you to lead. We all know you can lead. So, lead them don't give them a choice." I rantShe looks at me surprised "I didn't know you were such an admirer of me or any Slytherin for that matter""As I said before, we're not friends, but I've played against you for years, I've come to garner a certain level of respect for you. Plus, I know it is difficult being the captain. The stress piles up. Last year was my first year and I was terrified in the beginning. I even snapped at people unfairly and I had some rather loud outbursts. That's with my teammates being less fickle than your teammates so you've got it even harder." I answer shrugging.She smiles and we continue chatting until the carriage reaches the castle, with Padfoot, Moony, Garrett, and Wormtail occasionally chiming in.Timeskip to arriving at the castleAs the Carriage reaches the Castle we can tell we are one of the last ones there just like we planned. Lucinda and Garrett quickly hop out, wave a quick goodbye, and headed into the castle. We took a little longer, as we got out we couldn't help but admire the Castle and the grounds. Padfoot smiles and says "Are we ready boys." We all laugh answering with various "Yes and Of course's." We pass through the Oak front doors and see people hurrying to the great hall. We follow until we reach the entrance to the great hall. Moony and Padfoot who were leading us suddenly stop. I bump into Padfoot and say "what's wrong Padfoot?" I don't receive an answer so I push my way to the front and see a group of Slytherins standing in front of us. I examine each face individually. First, I see Mulciber with his beady chocolate-colored eyes, and his thick, straight, yellow hair is worn in a style that reminds you of a trailing ribbon and his skin is deeply-tanned. He is sadistic and loves hurting people, with his best friend Avery, the second face I see. Avery has slitted brown eyes. He has fine, curly, midnight black hair that is worn in a style that reminds you of a fluttering flag. He's got a small beard and a stylish mustache. He is tall and has a lithe build. His skin is pale. Next are Crabbe and Goyle, two mindless gits who are dumb as they are heavy. They are tall, with dark eyes and pale skin. They are huge. The last two, Severus Snape and Wilkes. Wilkes is a smart, ambitious, power-hungry, manipulative asshole, who gets away with everything thanks to his proud and rich pureblood family. He has slitted green eyes that are like two chunks of jade. His fine, straight, white hair is very short and is worn in an elegant style. He is very short and has a big build. His skin is white. He has hollow cheeks. Finally, Severus Snape my rival, my enemy, is an ambitious, dark art obsessed, and unfortunately intelligent git. He is round-shouldered yet angular and has a twitchy walk that recalls a spider, as well as having long oily hair that jumps about his face. All I can think is this is not good. I need to get through this without a duel. I need to protect my friends, from these snakes, who clearly wants to hurt them. I glare at Mulciber who is in the lead and then say "Mulciber, Avery, and the rest of you snakes, what did we do to warrant such a reward as to have you waiting patiently for us to arrive. Padfoot did we forget to do something?"Padfoot smiles and says "No, I don't think we did but we can give them a hex or two in case we forgot."I grin to myself, we are always great in these situations. We know exactly how to piss them off. I reply "I think I remember now, we were supposed to visit their compartment and say hi, how could we have forgotten?"Padfoot answers with a wide grin "Prongs your forgetting we do not like them and we go out of our way to avoid them."I turn to them and knowing it will make things worse, but I cannot help myself. I say "Okay, we're sorry for not saying hello, it is just when we see you our days instantly worsens. Now if you don't mind we're just going to step past you and take our seats."They didn't move their snarling faces getting bigger. I am starting to get a little concerned. I look around for a helpful teacher maybe McGonagall, head of our house. Instead, I see that many people in the great hall had their heads turned in our directions. I see Marlene and lock eyes with her. She seems to be asking if we need any help. I quickly shack my head, this was our problem and I didn't want her getting hurt by getting involved. No one hurts Marlene on my watch. Even worse, she might bring Lily and Mary into this who are both muggle-born, and they would be in much more danger than us. I turn to the rest back to my friends."It seems that us failing to greet them isn't what we did wrong. Do you have any ideas about why they are mad?" I sayWormtail says "they might have discovered a spell to swap their bodies with ours, as it's the only thing that can make them look remotely decent."This time Mulciber replies raising his wand "Right as if we would ever want to look like an ugly peasant like yourself."Padfoot and I both draw are wands, I am furious that he would try and hex Wormtail for a simple insult. Together we say "Don't you dare."Moony then dangerously calm says "Put your wand away Mulciber, some of your friends may be stupid enough *looking at Crabbe and Goyle* but you certainly aren't stupid enough to try and hex us with all these witnesses. You would clearly be at fault and would end up the worse for wear."Mulciber slowly lowers his wand but then snarls "This is a warning, stay out of our way this year or else we will hurt you and every single one of your friends. He is getting stronger outside, his influence is growing and with our parent's influence, we can't be expelled. We are unstoppable, our numbers are growing, you don't have the numbers to stand up to us. So just stay out of our way."I full-on glare at Mulciber and then say very loudly "Don't forget who you are talking to. We are the Marauders, and we're not scared of anyone. So if you continue to use dark magic and hurting muggle-borns, than we will get in your way every single time. Trust me, you don't want to fuck with the marauders. We may not be able to get you expelled but we can put you in the hospital wing for the rest of your time at Hogwarts. If you think about ambushing or attacking us remember, who you are dealing with. Your dealing with the students who get top grades in their year, the students who have pulled off numerous impossible pranks, several pranks that have humiliated you and your entire house, and the group of students that know the school better than the back of their hands. So, if a situation arises where you think you have us cornered, then really you don't. We're there because we want to be there and we want to be ambushed. We won't be the ones coming off worse." When I finish, with all the students' eyes on us, we push past the Slytherins, I make sure to ram Mulciber with my shoulder and we head towards the Gryffindor table. I make sure to show no fear on my face, but I can't help but be terrified for my friends. Mulciber seemed serious about hurting every single one of our friends. That could include the girls. We can only protect so many people. This just got a whole lot more complicated. We take our rightful seats next to the girls, who look shocked, impressed, and in Lily's case disapproval. I roll my eyes and look at my friends. Moony is calm but has a fierce look in his eyes. Padfoot doesn't seem to be bothered by the interaction. Wormtail however, looks absolutely terrified. I whisper to them "the sorting is going to start soon we better get ready." Just then Minnie or Professor McGonagall walks in with a stream of terrified first years.I look at Padfoot and say "aren't those the two first years we helped out on the train pointing to the two familiar-looking girls."Sirius smiles and says "I think it is."It is time for our prank so I look over a Moony and hold up my fingers 3, 2, 1. Moony and I begin to mutter spells working on breaking the enchantments that creates the magical sky above the great hall. When we've broken it, we've got to continue the spells otherwise we think the enchantments will return. Padfoot then begins the projections right as the sorting hat begins his song. The hat begins"I've done this job for centuries, the sorted student's into houses based on their head, I take in their various skills and talents, for I am the famous sorting hat.The story begins long ago when four great wizards had the idea to come together and teach young wizards how to use their magic.They were best of friends, as there was no one closer than Gryffindor and Slytherin, except maybe the other two Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw.Not long after the school opens, differences arise. Gryffindor wants to teach only the brave of heart. Ravenclaw wants to teach only those who are wise and sharp of mind. Slytherin wanted to only teach those pure of blood. Hufflepuff said she would teach all of them and treat them all the same.Soon after an argument between Gryffindor and Slytherin resulted in Slytherin fleeing the castle. Gryffindor decided to take his hat off his head and give it the power to sort students long after they were gone.I've sorted the great, I've sorted the weak and everything in between, so put me on and I will tell you, which house you should be in.You may be in Gryffindor where the brave of heart dwell, you show daring, nerve, and chivalry which sets you apart from the rest.You might be in Hufflepuff, where the loyal and honest reside, those in Hufflepuffs are true at heart and unafraid of turmoil.You might be in Ravenclaw if you have an intelligent mind, those in Ravenclaw being sharp of wit and understanding, always willing to learn.Or You might be in Slytherin, if you have a cunning mind, those in Slytherins, are ambitious and make real friends, who always achieve their ends."With every line the hat sang, Padfoot would conjure images to match them. I spared a quick look around and everyone was transfixed by it. As the song finished, four creatures appeared in the sky. A lion, a badger, a snake, and an eagle.Professor McGonagall then called up the first name "Abbott, Damian"A young boy with cocoa skin, auburn hair, and brown eyes walks up to the hat rather calmly.The hat deliberates for a few seconds before calling out "Hufflepuff" and shock begins around the great hall as the sound of a badger reverberates around the hall from the mouth of the badger apparition. The sorting continues with each time a house is decided, the animal apparition of each house would make its signature call. As the sorting finishes, McGonagall walks over to us and tells us "detention boys tomorrow my office right after dinner."Dumbledore then walks up to his podium and says "Welcome back everyone to Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. I know you must be all hungry from the long train ride and sorting, so without further ado dig in."Lily's POVThe plates in front of us change to reveal a delicious feast, with every type of food anyone could want. I begin to fill up my plate and listen to the conversations around me."That was such an amazing prank guys, how do you come up with these ideas?" Mary asks"It was all Moony's idea this time." Sirius says while Potter pats his back affectionately."Did you guys plan that on the train?" Dorcas asks"Course, it doesn't take that long. Besides, we are naturally gifted and amazing" Sirius says.I can't help but laugh neither can the girls. The confidence these boys have is amazing. This is the type of prank I don't actually mind. It didn't hurt anyone and the magic was rather impressive. I turn to Potter who seems to still be muttering, confused I look at Remus questioningly."We are muttering the counter spell to the spell we used in case it didn't completely wear off." Remus explains."How did you know how to do that?" I ask rather curiously because it seems very surprising that four sixth years can do such a thing.Remus laughs and says "Remember the book James was reading on the train, well in the book there was a spell that paired along with a couple of spells would fit our need. However, it took both James and I working together and keeping the spells going throughout the whole sorting."I can't help but smile and start to wonder just how much the four of them prepare for their pranks and how much they learn from their pranks. Shaking my head to clear my thoughts I say "You really have dedication, bravo."Potter stops muttering and then turns to Marlene and Dorcas, "Guess who the new Slytherin and Hufflepuff Quidditch captains are!"They both look at him expectantly and he says "Lucinda Talkalot and Edgar Bones." I know Edgar through Thomas and can't help but think he'll be a great captain."So we've got some competition." Dorcas saysAnd the three of them begin a long conversation about Quidditch, Peter, and Sirius seem to be talking about the food. I turn to Mary and begin to talk about her latest drawings.Timeskip to Dumbledore's SpeechDumbledore steps up to the Podium,"I would like to make a few announcements before you go and have your well-deserved rest. First of all, the school will have a group of Aurors surrounding the castle for everyone's protection. Second, the new DADA professor will be Beverly Wyatt."She was a small woman standing at about 5' 0" tall, she has pale skin and has an angry feel about her. She has a round face with a cleft chin, a large nose, small ears, and thin lips. Her brown eyes are narrow, and she has neat eyebrows. She has shoulder-length, wavy, mousey brown hair which is swept back. She wears light eyeliner, foundation, dark lipstick, and natural-colored blush. She has strong arms, a strong torso with a narrow waist, and toned legs. She stands and gives a small wave as most of the students including me applaud."The new ancient runes and ancient studies professor is professor Bathsheba Babbling."She is average height about 5' 4" tall, she has orange skin and has a determined feel about her. She has a square face, a well-formed nose, and very thin lips. Her green eyes are round and she has thick eyebrows. She has blonde hair. She wears natural-colored blush, natural-colored lipstick, garish eyeliner, glittery eyeshadow, and a slightly off-colored foundation. She has long arms, a lean torso with no muscle tone, and weak legs. She offers the students a wide grin and smiles. Mary is clapping particularly loud."Third, the Forbidden Forest is out of bounds to all students." He says that last part well looking at the marauders. Who all have wide grins on their faces. The audacity, however, looking at Dumbledore he has a twinkle in his eyes."Lastly, this school will be hosting a very special event this year. This year Hogwarts will be hosting the Triwizard Tournament." There is muttering starting up, I myself am thinking back to what I read about the Triwizard tournament. It is a tournament that has resulted in so many deaths. I can't believe Dumbledore would risk bringing it back.I listen again as Dumbledore continues "I will explain the Triwizard Tournament to those of you who don't know what it is and for those of you who do know about it, please be patient. The Triwizard Tournament was established seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools, Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. They used to happen every five years and established connections between wizards of different nationalities. That was until the danger became too great and so the tournament was discontinued. We will be bringing it back this year, and the heads of our department of international magic co-operation and magical games and sports have worked tirelessly to protect the champions. The other schools will be here at Halloween and the champions will be selected then.It will definitely be interesting to meet the other schools. Since I have never actually met a wizard my age who doesn't attend Hogwarts. He continues "An impartial judge will choose the champions and the winner of the tournament will get a thousand galleon personal prize money and the glory of winning the tournament. This year any student who is 15 or younger will not be allowed, because we feel that it will increase the overall safety of the champions. This is because it is highly unlikely anyone below sixth or seventh year will be able to cope with the challenges. I will personally be ensuring that no one hoodwinks the impartial judge."His eyes flitting to some of the younger students. I can't help but roll my eyes and think that this is stupid, age restrictions won't protect anyone. He continues "The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be staying with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us, and will give all your support to the Hogwarts champion. Now it is late, and I know sleep is important, off to bed now." He finishes.I get up and shout to the first years to follow me along with Remus and we make our way towards the Gryffindor common room.So, like the first chapter, if anyone is actually reading this, it is my first fanfiction, so I could really use your feedback, and please comment. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieWord count 4875

(Sept 1st, 1976)James POVI am stunned, the Triwizard Tournament, I never thought it would come back. I have read about them, the Tournaments are legendary. The tasks are always entertaining and the champions get to perform magic that no one else ever gets to try. It is a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I can't help but wonder if I should enter. I mean when else will I get the chance to do something like this. As someone who likes adventure and not passing up opportunities, I am not sure if I can pass this up. I am good at magic, I think quickly, I love competition and I can put on a show. I think I would win or at least be a worthy champion. My thoughts wander to the other schools, I wonder what they will be like. Will they have a different education than us? Will the students be friendly or stuck up? Does Durmstrang really teach the Dark arts? Suddenly, I feel a sharp pain in my ribs, and I am ripped away from my daydreams. I look up and see Marlene standing along with the rest of the students, looking at me confused. I realize Dumbledore's speech must be over, and it's time to head to our common room. I get up and make to follow Marlene and the others. Marlene walks a little slower than everyone else, falling into step with me.She asks a little worriedly "Are you okay, you seemed to be lost in thought back there?"I smile hopefully in a reassuring fashion and reply "Course I am, just thinking about the Triwizard Tournament."Marlene who has always been able to read me like a book gives me a look like she knows exactly what I am thinking."What about the Triwizard Tournament?" She asks cautiously. I know I am screwed, I have never been able to lie to her. I wasn't planning on telling anyone that I might enter the Triwizard Tournament. I wanted to first make the decision for myself, rather than having the input of a hundred different people. I wanted it to be my decision, no one else. But this is Marlene, I tell her everything, so I should tell her."Well, it is a unique opportunity to perform magic that otherwise, you wouldn't be allowed to perform. It is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to have a unique experience don't you think." I say slowly, considering it best to go slow."You're right, it would be a unique opportunity and it might be lots of fun but it also might not be. Either way, it will take a lot of studying won't it?" Marlene asks, in a way that suggests she thinks it is not worth all the work because there is no promise of fun."Depends who you are and how much you know but I see your point. Who do you think will enter?" I askShe stays silent for a few minutes before answering "From Ravenclaw, Worton Davis, he'll do anything for a little glory. Pandora probably as well, she will see it as a unique opportunity. From Hufflepuff, Alex Traore, like Worton he is trying to make a name for himself. Ruby Field will enter as well, smart girl, she would be a good champion. From Slytherin, Alexander Webb, he's a good option, ambitious, clever but he is rather temperamental. Elizabeth Ekholm also, she loves the attention and wants to be popular. Finally, from Gryffindor Shirley Bell, who is a badass and very athletic and smart. Of course, there will also be you, who screams champion but still."I stare surprised that she said it so quickly but reply anyways "You already figured it out, not surprising, you know me. Can I ask your honest opinion?"She pauses weighing her words with care and then replies "I think, you know the dangers involved, but you also know what kind of opportunity this is. I think you are smart, daring, bold, and are strong enough to be a worthy threat in the tournament. I think if you enter, you'll be one of the few in it for the experience instead of the money and glory, which will make you an even better candidate. I think because I know you as I do, if you put your name in the Goblet of fire you will be chosen."I nod grateful that she didn't say whether I should or shouldn't enter. "I am still making up my mind, nothing is definite yet. I still want to read a little more about the tournament before I make up my mind."She smiles and says "As long as your sure, I will have your back. But when you do make up your mind you will let me know right?"I nod and say "Of course you will be the first to know. Do you mind not sharing this with the others? I want to think about it without the others forcing their opinions on me.""Of course, no problem." She says. We walk the remaining distance in silence, both lost in our own thoughts. We reach the portrait of the fat lady who guards the entrance to the Gryffindor Common Room. I quickly realize I never asked Moony what the password was. I look over at Marlene hopefully and relax. She looks calm, clearly, she knows the password."Eques," She says and the fat lady smiles and the portrait swings open revealing the Gryffindor common room. I see the familiar room, full of squashy armchairs, tables, and a bulletin board. There are bookcases with various novels and stories. Everything decorated with different shades of red. The walls are decorated with scarlet tapestries that depict various important people and animals.There is a large fireplace with a roaring fire already going. The mantle of the fireplace has a portrait of a lion. The fireplace is connected to the Floo Network but it is extremely public except at night. I see all of our friends sitting in the best armchairs by the fire. We walk over, I take the seat in between Alice and Padfoot, while Marlene walks over and sits next to Lily.Lily's POVAfter leading the first years through the corridors and to Gryffindor tower, Remus and I go over the rules and explain how they get into the Gryffindor common room. We reach the portrait of the fat lady."Eques," I say, it is the Latin word for knight and the password to get into the Gryffindor common room."Boys dormitory is to the left, Girls dormitory to the right. Look for the door with the number 1 on it. Boys aren't allowed up the girls' staircase, there are enchantments placed on it. I explain calmly.A young boy with brown hair and blue eyes asks very confusedly "What happens if a boy tries to go up the girls' staircase."Remus answers "Eric, it will just turn into a slide and prevent you from walking up the stairs, nothing else.Eric smiles gratefully at Remus, looking interested, and says "thank you, sir."I can tell Remus is surprised by the sir but also pleased. I roll my eyes and say with authority"Okay, Boys follow Remus he will take you to your dorms, Girls follow me."I take the little first-year girls upstairs and show them their room. As they enter they all gasp in surprise and look around amazed. One of the girls, a girl who is tiny with fair skin, grey hair, and brown eyes asks shocked "Is this all for us?"I smile down at her as the rest of the girls head in and say "Yes it is just for you guys, now why don't you go in and make some friends with your dormmates. She smiles happily and heads in leaving me alone in the staircase. I turn around and head back down the stairs. I see everyone but Marlene and Potter sitting in the nice armchairs by the fire. They seem to be talking about the incident with the Slytherins. I take an empty seat and listen to Sirius tell the story."So we were just walking to the great hall, completely innocent and minding our own business." Dorcas snorts, obviously thinking that the Marauders are never innocent.He continues "When we reached the doors to the great hall, we found our way blocked by Mulciber, Avery, Goyle, Crabbe, Sniv Sniv, and Wilkes." Seriously still, I can't believe they call Severus by the stupid nickname they made in the first year."James made a joke obviously to get a reaction hoping that they would move but alas no such luck. After some playful banter, Mulciber raised his wand to hex Peter and that is when things turned serious." Sirius says, that's no surprise I think to myself, Mulciber enjoys hurting people so it's not surprising that he tried to hex Peter."Remus playing peacemaker convinced Mulciber to lower his wand. But then Mulciber made a big speech about how Voldemort *Cue collective shudder* is growing stronger outside, and how their numbers are growing inside the castle. He also said that if we don't stay out of their way, they will hurt us." Sirius finishes rolling his eyes. It's surprising that he can act so calmly about a death threat. But I notice the story doesn't feel finished. I have a bad feeling about what happened next.Mary who seems to sense the same thing I did. She asks "Is that all? How'd you respond to the threat?"Sirius pauses as if considering how much to say. He then says "Well, James took care of that. He responded to the threat, with his own threat, warning him of the danger of getting on the bad side of the marauders. He pretty much told them to take their best shot, because we will be ready and that if they do attack us, they will come off much worse."I am shocked. How the fuck could Potter have been so stupid, threatening the future death eaters, telling them to take their best shot at the marauders, does he want to be hurt. Looking at Dorcas and Mary they seem just as surprised although slightly less worried. I look over at Alice and she looks rather calm almost like she expected it to happen.She then says "That is not surprising, I mean that is exactly what he would say.""True, plus if they were threatening you, if I was being threatened I would probably do the same," Dorcas says"If you guys are prepared then I don't think it was that bad." Mary saysI'm furious, how can they support such an idiotic decision. I mean are they crazy. They are already in danger and they are just asking for more. Taunting the future death eaters will only anger them and it will cause them to act worse. Why can't everyone play nice?"Are you guys kidding, why the fuck would you guys threaten them, it will only make things worse. Besides, Potter literally welcomed an attack, do you guys like getting hurt or something? Remus, I thought you were smarter than that, and that you had better control over your mates!" I splutter with my temper rising"I thought you were smarter than that Princess, but clearly you are an idiot." I turn and see Potter sitting between Alice and Sirius, while Marlene sits next to me."Are you fucking kidding me, please explain to me how the fuck you think that threatening future death eaters was a good idea!" I shout, my temper reaching its peak, no one and I mean no one calls me stupid, especially not when they are being an idiot.Potter looks calmly at Sirius and Remus as if to say do you want to take this one. After a few seconds of silent arguing, Remus speaks up completely calm."Lily, you know that they are going to attack students, specifically muggle-borns right?" I nod my head wondering where this is going."Now if we didn't make the threat, who would they have focused their efforts on?" Remus continues. How am I suppose to know this, how is anyone suppose to know this? Is he pulling my leg or something? Why would their threat change things? I suddenly hear an intake of breath and see understanding on Dorcas's face. With my temper already on high alert I can't help but scream internally, what am I not getting."I don't know, what do you expect me to do, read their minds?" I say sarcastically.Sirius replies evenly "No, that is the whole idea, anyone could have been the target of their worst ideas." What, why'd they ask the question then, I'm seriously confused with what is going on. Are they stalling or pulling my leg? I look over and see Alice and Marlene both have comprehension written on their faces. I look over and see Mary just as confused as I am and I relax a bit because I hate it when I am the last one to get something."Then, what's the point," I ask much calmer this time."Well, you see their prime target used to be unknown, but don't you see after our threat the main target is us. By threatening them and asking them to do their worst, and calling them out in front of an audience, leaves them no choice but to go after us" Sirius answers with a small smile on his face.Holy fuck, I say to myself, I finally understand what they are saying, but still what they did was incredibly risky and will get them hurt. Do they have a death wish or something? How could Potter, the leader, let them do such a thing. Does he not care about his friends' suffering or something? Why would they want to be the targets?"Isn't it a little dangerous making yourselves the main targets? Aren't you afraid one of you is going to get hurt? Why are you so desperate to be attacked? Do you need excitement or something?" I ask"Your highness, we know it is completely dangerous making ourselves the main targets and we know there's a risk of one of us being hurt. But trust us, we are much and I mean much more equipped to deal with dangerous situations than you think. We've been dealing with it for years. Besides, if their attention wasn't focused on us they would be focusing on poor innocent muggle-born students who could be seriously hurt. Worse, out of fear, their numbers would grow astronomically. By standing up to them, we protect innocent muggle-borns and show that there are people willing to stand up against the future death eaters and to lower the general fear. If one of us gets hurt in the process then it is worth it." Potter proclaimsSirius, Remus, and Peter nodding their heads in unison. Marlene, Dorcas, and Alice all seemed to have understood that from the very beginning as they offer smiles to the Marauders. Mary has an inquisitive look on her face. I wonder what she is thinking. I mean she got attacked last year, so I think she is probably happy that there is someone out there who is going to publicly defend muggle-borns with wands drawn. I may not be for this whole plan as it's dangerous, stupid, impulsive, risky, and makes them all seem expendable, but I can't help but admire them, they have always been brave, and what they did was a true Gryffindor move."I remember every second of being attacked," Mary suddenly begins "I have nightmares every week about being attacked by Mulciber and Avery."She pauses as if she is trying to clear her head. I feel horrible and proud that she is sharing this, I remember when she first told us, she couldn't stop crying and she was in the hospital wing for weeks. She continues slowly "When I walk through the halls I am constantly looking over my shoulder, worried that I am going to be attacked. I wake up struggling to breathe, my body writhing with the imaginary pain, having to go through the same attack over and over again. So, the idea that you guys are willing to help muggle-borns and protect them from future attacks is honestly amazing of you guys." As she finishes, she smiles at each of the marauders.I smile inwardly, it is great that she is able to talk about this, although what she says still worries me, she said she was getting better but what she says doesn't match that. I will have to talk to her later this week and keep a close eye on her to make sure she is okay."That's why we're doing this Lily, there will be more stories like hers if we don't do something. You don't need to worry about us, we are more prepared than you think. Dealing with future death eaters isn't the most dangerous thing we do so don't worry about it." Potter whispers.I'm surprised by this, Potter never uses my real name unless he's serious, I look over to reply but Sirius is already engaging him in a conversation. I can't help but replay what he says, what could he do that's more dangerous than being attacked. Also, what did he mean about being more prepared than I know? What could he have that I don't know. Suddenly, a voice breaks me from my thoughts."So, the Triwizard Tournament, what's your opinion on it?" Dorcas asks.I knew we would reach this topic at some point, I wonder what is everyone's opinion on it. I am certainly against it, but I'm interested in hearing what the others think."I am all for it, I think it will be interesting to see the champions perform the different tasks. Although, I would never enter, too much pressure." Mary says"I'm with Mary, it will be so cool to watch. If there wasn't so much studying involved, I would enter." Sirius answers"I don't know, it sounds dangerous," Alice says, Thank god there is someone else who agrees with me. "But I think having the chance to meet the other wizarding schools is fascinating." Alice continues."Yeah, I mean they could know magic that we have never learned at Hogwarts. We can meet new friends, find out the differences between our schools. These connections could be useful down the road when we are looking for a job." Remus adds."I don't know about the new schools, isn't Durmstrang the school that teaches its students the dark arts. Isn't it where Grindlewald came from. Peter says while shivering."I am sure they aren't that bad Peter, or the school wouldn't have remained open all these years. You can't judge a school by one student." I say, hopefully reassuringly. I definitely want to meet the members of the new schools, as it will be a chance to learn more about the magical world outside of Britain."Plus, Peter think, there will be new foods most likely from their home countries made in order to make them feel more at home." Dorcas smiles at him and he smiles back."Think of all the parties that will be thrown if the champion is a Gryffindor. There will be one the night they are chosen, one after each task. That's at least four huge ones." Marlene squeals excitedly, sending a pointed look in Potter's direction. Why is she looking at Potter, he's probably the one responsible for throwing the parties. That has to be right, he wouldn't be impulsive enough to enter. Would he?"I forgot about that good call Marlene, we better hope it is a Gryffindor then, because I certainly want four days of drinking, partying, and just having a good time." Sirius says.I decide it's time for me to raise my concerns so I say "Isn't it a little dangerous? I mean it was canceled because the death toll was too high. They shouldn't be bringing it back.""Didn't you hear Dumbledore, they are adding extra precautions this year designed to protect the champions. I'm sure it will be a lot safer." Dorcas replies.I can't help but roll my eyes, all we've heard so far is that there is an age limit in place. "That doesn't mean it's going to be safe, the only change we've heard so far is the addition of an age limit. Besides, who would want to enter, its knowingly putting yourself in danger." I say"There are very many reasons for someone to enter the tournament. There is the prize money for one thing. Second, there is the glory of winning the tournament which not only is a great accomplishment to have, it will also instantly make whoever wins extremely popular in and outside of Hogwarts." Potter explainsMoney and Glory sounds like a great exchange for risking my life, and in the end, there is no guarantee. Who would be egotistical enough to do such a thing I think to myself. "So you are saying only desperate people and people who are arrogant and self-centered will enter the tournament?" I scoffPotter who is clearly getting frustrated says "I said there are very many reasons for someone to enter the Triwizard tournament, and I gave two examples. If you want more than you are going to have to shut up for more than 30 seconds princess." He pauses as if he's waiting for me to interrupt him, the arrogant prat don't rise, don't rise to his taunt, don't rise. He then continues "the main reason I think is the fact that this tournament is unique, a once in a lifetime opportunity. Think about it, when else would a champion get to fight a dragon, or deal with various magical plants, or learn and use spells in such a special way. For someone who loves adventure, loves to learn, and who never likes to pass up an opportunity would be greatly interested in participating in the Triwizard tournament." He finishes.I think on this, Potter seemed to have just described himself as the perfect candidate. He is someone who loves to learn, loves adventure, doesn't like to pass up an opportunity and he has already shown tonight that he isn't afraid of a little danger. He is definitely considering entering the tournament. Looking at Marlene, she definitely knows, Potter probably told her, the marauders along with Alice also look like they understood what Potter was implying. I can't believe he would be stupid and impulsive enough to consider such a thing. I know how to prove it though, I just have to get him mad."Even with that third reason, anyone who enters the Triwizard tournament is an arrogant, narcissistic, vain, adrenaline junkie. If they get hurt and die it is their own fault, and I don't think I would feel too bad about it." I say disgustedly, exaggerating my true feelings in order to get Potter to admit he is entering. I look at him and see I may have gone too far, and I am starting to regret my word choice."Hey Padfoot, I think that's the closest Princess has ever come to complimenting me, don't you think." He says with a fake grin on his face."Well, I think that's cause she didn't know you were entering otherwise she would have been much harsher Prongs," Sirius says laughing. I am shocked, he admitted to participating in the Triwizard Tournament, but the marauders weren't surprised or mad, it's like they expected it.Alice, on the other hand, seems hurt and says with her big round eyes "James, you are actually considering entering, it is a dangerous tournament, you could get hurt." Yes, go Alice help me convince him it is a bad idea.Dorcas adds "Are you sure about it? I'm not going to tell you if it is a good or bad idea, I just want to make sure you are going to think it through properly." That's kinda helpful but not really what you should be doing Dorcas. Convince him not to do something so stupid, come on, be your blunt self."I am going to think about it very carefully, I know there are risks involved. But like I said before, sometimes the opportunity outweighs the risks. And my conclusion might be that in this case, it is true." He answers sincerely.I start to prepare myself for an argument, it is better to say it while he is still deciding and deal with the consequences later. "Potter, we both know you already take enough risks, how about this time you deflate your head and chose the safe option just this once." I pleadHis face hardens slightly and says "This has nothing to do with glory or money, I think that the chance to use and learn new magic in this tournament may be too great to pass up. This is a chance to grow, to improve my reactions and my problem-solving skills. Just because you don't see the value in something doesn't mean it's useless. Like for fucksakes, not everyone has to agree with you Princess, maybe if you got off your high horse and remove the stick from up your ass, you would learn that not everyone has to agree with you." Wait wait wait, he did not just say that to me. No fucking way, I am not on a high horse, just because I am trying to change his mind about entering a dangerous tournament does not mean I am stuck up or have to be right. I just am right in this situation. There's no reason he should be risking his life in this tournament.Before I can make any sort of reply, He continues "I didn't even want to tell all of you, because I wanted it to be my own decision, but you goaded me into telling you. Why can't you be a little like the rest of them? Alice raised her concerns but didn't press me, neither did Dorcas. The marauders and Marlene will support any decision I make, but no you have to attack me like I am some sort of criminal."Oh so just because the rest of the group is too scared, to tell the truth, that you being an idiot I am the bad guy. Well, you know what I am not going to stand for this.*Picture the rest of the common room's eyes flicking back and forth like at a tennis match*I shout"Shut the fuck up Potter, just because I am the only member of this group, not scared to tell you the truth does not make me the bad one. Right now you and your big head and ego are being such a fucking asshole and causing you to think like an idiot."I can see him getting angrier, good. I continue "The Triwizard Tournament is an unnecessary risk, that will only cause your friends, not me, unnecessary worry. You are being your usual selfish prat by entering this tournament thinking about no one but yourself. I wonder why anyone is even friends with you."I may have gone too far but he deserved it."Lily" Marlene says softly indicating that I am in the wrong. I turn and glare at her, "I am not wrong he is going to get himself hurt." I shout.This seems to be the point where Potter loses it, he stands up, his eyes flashing dangerously, and shouts back "One never talk to Marlene like that, ever! Two, this isn't something where you can be right or wrong, it is just my choice, Princess. Third, If I get hurt, it's my choice."He is going to continue, but I interrupt shouting "You are going to get hurt don't you care.""You know nothing about me Princess quit talking to me like you know me, you haven't bothered to learn a single thing about me in all these years. You have no idea about the danger I regularly put myself in. I am not afraid of getting hurt." He shouts.I look at his face and I can see genuinely hurt and raw emotion in his eyes. But he's wrong I know him, and I know he is going to get hurt, I think he knows it too. I can't understand why he doesn't care. But I'm way past subtlety "Potter, your forgetting I'm in most of your classes, I have seen you in and out of the hospital wing, more times than most people in this room combined. When you are hurt you don't see the pain you are causing those around you. Don't you see, when your hurt or in pain, it affects everyone around you. It affects your friends, your family, but you don't seem to care." I nearly scream."Evans don't you ever say I don't care about my friends and family because I will do anything in this world for them. And don't try talking about things you don't understand. You don't know why or what caused those injuries and you never bothered to learn, so you don't get to bring them up. He says while drawing his wand before continuing, "and don't even pretend you care about me, you never have in the past and you clearly don't now, so don't try pretending. For years, you have told me just how little you care about me. Just be happy its not someone who you care about getting hurt during the Tournament."How could he say I would ever want to see anyone get hurt. Sure I don't like the guy, but I don't want to watch him get cut or burned. But I'm way past reason. So, I shout with as much venom and disinterest as possible"Huh you make a good point. I guess I should focus on making sure those I actually care about don't participate in the Tournament. I mean maybe the tournament can hurt you bad enough that you'll actually deflate your head and become a regular human being.""You know what, I'll make sure to get you a Beauxbatons banner so you can support a different champion. And when I'm bleeding, bloodied, and broken like you just wished for, don't bother visiting me, you won't be wanted. Just promise me one thing, if I die please don't come to my funeral, I wouldn't really want such a bitch there. But don't worry I'll make sure Sirius puts on my gravestone, Lily Evans was right." He finishes, well turning and walking up the stairs to his dormitory. I feel a little bad because I never meant to go that far, the argument just went too far. Instead of turning and facing our friends, I march up to the girl's staircase furiously.James POVI hear the other Marauders join me in the dormitory, without hesitating Sirius tackles me in a giant hug. I hug him back gratefully. I will never admit it to anyone outside of this room but that really hurt. I smile Padfoot always has my back and this was what I needed."You know you are not completely innocent in that, but I know you know that. Despite that, you didn't deserve any of that. You know that you are the best friend ever right. We will support you no matter what you decide. Marlene, Alice, Dorcas, and Mary as well." Remus says offering me a reassuring hug. I laugh and look at Remus gratefully, he didn't hold back, didn't say I was innocent, but told me the truth and I needed that."Yeah Prongs, everyone has got your back. You know most of the school will have your back. I know Evans is a special case to you, and you don't have much choice in it, but just do your best to ignore it. She doesn't know about anything she brought up, otherwise, she wouldn't have said those things." Wormtail says before tossing me a chocolate frog. I grin a Wormtail, ripping open the packaging. Chocolate always makes people feel better."I also should add, that she didn't mean all of that even a blind person can see that. Just ignore it mate. We all know it's untrue. Now, when were you gonna tell us about entering?" Sirius asks"Tonight, once it was just us, I didn't really want to get lectured or have a scene like that." I say honestly. I really just wanted to avoid a scene, but I was obviously going to tell the Marauders, I tell them everything.I see Wormtail passing chocolate frogs to the others before taking one himself. I look at the scene and smile my anger and sadness gone, looking at my three best friends, my brothers, and know there is nowhere I would rather be.Yes, the fight was absolutely ridiculous and over-emotional, but that was the idea, James and Lily know how to push the others button perfectly, worsening their arguments. Please comment, and give some feedback this is my first fanfic. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieword count 5501

(Sept. 2nd 1976)James POVI am the first one to wake up, right as the sun rises, and I put on my workout clothes. I have to stay in shape for quidditch, Dumbledore didn't say whether quidditch would be canceled. I leave the room and head for the entrance doors. Once I am outside the castle I begin to run, taking a wide lap around the forbidden forest. In my head, I can't help but recall the events of the previous night. Why did I have to get into a fight and piss off so many people? I mean on a normal day I expect nothing less than insults and threats, but I really didn't need the argument with Lily. What is worse is that Alice knows I am thinking about entering the Triwizard Tournament. She will not hesitate to hound me until I agree to not enter. She can be really convincing when she wants to. I think my best option would be to avoid the subject as much as possible, then she might forget about it and leave me alone. After about an hour of running, I go to the quidditch pitch and head into the locker room. I grab a couple of dumbells and head out to the pitch. It is a rather muggle type of workout but it makes me stronger, so I don't really care what others think about it. I do different exercises with weights, occasionally pausing for water and rest. I have about thirty minutes until I have to head back. I move into exercises without weights, push-ups, sit-ups, planking, etc. At around 8 am, I head back to the dorm, passing a few kids I recognize. I stop when I see Mason Mclaggen, a fifth-year chaser on the Gryffindor team."Hey captain, still doing the morning workout I see. Any idea if quidditch is still going on this year?" He asks"No idea Mason, but Dumbledore did not mention whether it would be canceled or not in his speech last night. I plan on asking Minnie about it when I get the chance." I say."You'll let me know once you know?" Mason asks"Course, but you still better be ready for preseason training, I plan to start the second week of school, with just the team members. If you see wood, let him know for me will you?" I say. The preseason workout was something I started last year as it was my first year as captain. We ended up winning the whole thing, so I am definitely planning to repeat it."We are doing that again, shit! I'll let Wood know, see you cap." He groans, running off to join his friends. I reach the common room, and then up to our dorm room. I see that Remus is packing his bag, Peter is still asleep and Sirius is in the shower. I grab my shower things and take a quick shower. Afterward, I quickly and messily throw on my robes and grab my bag."Padfoot come on we're going to be late, stop playing with your hair." Moony callsWe as a group then head down to breakfast at about 8:15 leaving us 45 minutes to eat and to grab our schedules. We arrive at the great hall and we are some of the last ones there.I take my seat next to Marlene and begin to pile toast on my plate. I turn to Marlene and Dorcas and say "I already spoke to Mason but I'm letting you guys know now that assuming quidditch isn't canceled, which I am going to ask Minnie about today, then we're going to start our preseason workout, next Friday." I say, hoping they don't complain too much, knowing that the workouts are hard."Again, seriously, I thought we were done with them, it is so much work" Marlene complains."Thank god, it gave us such an edge last year." Dorcas says happily. I am happy at least someone appreciates my workout routines. I am looking around for Frank because I still need to talk to him about Quidditch. Then I realize Alice is there.I look at Alice knowing she has a huge crush on Frank and I realize that if anyone knows where Frank is, it would probably be Alice. I ask her "Alice, do you happen to know where Frank is?""Yeah, he's sitting down at the end of the bench next to Caderac, Shirley, and Madison." Alice replies automatically. I smile gratefully at Alice while she has a rather starry-eyed look and then I look over and see she is telling the truth."I bet you five galleons that Frank complains about having to do preseason training." Marlene says, I laugh to myself, Frank is one of the hardest workers on the team, there is no way he is going to complain."You are on," I sayI walk over to Frank and say "Hey, Frank congrats on you know on Head boy, you deserve it. Do you know anything about Quidditch? Is it still happening?"Thanks, James. I haven't heard anything on Quidditch being canceled, so I can only assume it is still happening." He says reassuringly. That is a good sign if Frank hasn't heard anything."I know you are going to be busier than the rest of us, so, there is a bit of leeway for you. I'm planning to start the pre-season training next Friday, it will be about the same amount of work as last year, three or four times a week. However, you do not need to worry, if you have to skip any of the sessions go ahead, just give me a heads up okay." I say I know Frank has it hard being Head Boy and being on the Quidditch team so I don't want to add to his stress too much."Thanks, I know it is going to be busy, but your sessions really helped me out last year, so I don't want to miss too many." He says grinning.I grin, "At least someone appreciates my hard work, Marlene and Mason were both complaining earlier." Frank rolls his eyes at that. I give him a quick bro hug before heading back over to my friends."Well that's five Galleons Marly, He said and I am quoting here your sessions really helped me out last year." I say while sticking out my tongue.She glares back before fishing out the gold from her pocket and holding it out to me. I roll my eyes, I really don't need the gold, it was more just proving a point. Instead of taking the gold, I say "Marlene it's fine, butterbeer is on you next time we are at the three broomsticks together.""Deal!" she says just as Minnie walks down from her seat at the teacher's table. She has to give each of us our schedules individually. Just as he notices her heading in our direction, Padfoot says "Minnie, I'm so glad to see you, it has been too long since we have spent any time together. I am really looking forward to our detention."I laugh at the expression on Minnie's face which is halfway between outrage and amusement. Sirius and I are the only ones that can cause such a reaction, from the stern Professor.She replies "I have told you several times already not to call me Minnie. I should award you a second detention, but since it is so early I will give you a pass. Now it is time to give all of you your classes, and no interruptions." She says giving, Sirius and I particularly hard looks.Sirius was up first, after a quick conversation with Professor McGonagall, he is cleared to take Potions, Charms, DADA, Muggle Studies, Transfiguration, and Herbology. He wants to be a hit wizard and piss off his family, so I guess it makes sense.Lily was next, this time it took no time at all, she was cleared to take the same subjects as Sirius except Alchemy instead of Muggle Studies. I think she wants to be a healer so again it makes sense.Alice wants to be an Auror, so I already know the subjects she wants to take. She is taking the same core classes as the other two but also takes Astronomy. I think it is because her father taught her it when she was very young.Remus is taking the same core classes as the others but his elective is Arithmancy. I know he wants to be a teacher but isn't too confident about his job prospects, because he is a werewolf.Mary was next taking Charms, Muggle Art, Ancient Runes, Ancient Studies, History of magic, and Art. I think she wants to either be an artist or an archivist.Marlene was next, I knew she wants to become a professional Quidditch player. I think if she doesn't go for Quidditch, she will want to work for the ministry. She is taking DADA, Charms, Potions, Transfiguration, Ghoul Studies, and Care of magical creatures. She is happy I think to be shot of Herbology.Dorcas is taking DADA, Charms, Transfiguration, Care of magical creatures, Potions, and Music. I know if she could, she would be a musician but that is unlikely, so I think she plans on becoming a monster hunter. Tracking down out of control beasts, that are hurting people.Peter is the last one before me and I know it will take slightly longer than the others. After a rather lengthy conversation between him and Minnie, Peter is cleared to take Divination, Xylomancy, Herbology, Earth magic, Astronomy. I know he wants to be a herbologist.Finally, it was my turn, and I wait as Minnie approaches.She says " you received all O's in your OWLs, I was very pleased when I saw your results. you have requested to take Potions, DADA, Transfiguration, Charms, Herbology, and Magical Theory. I can grant you all those subjects, here is your schedule."I smile I really want to become an Auror and I need to take all those subjects plus magical theory which is my favorite subject. I quickly walk over to Sirius and quickly swap schedules. We have five subjects together, only our breaks and electives don't line up. I quickly check with Marlene and Dorcas we each have four classes together. Peter and I share 1 subject and Mary and I share one subject.My scheduleMonday Potions, DADATuesday Herbology, Potions, CharmsWednesdayThursday Magical TheoryFriday: TransfigurationToday, I only have Magical theory which isn't so bad. I love the professor. It is only a couple of hours anyway. I wave goodbye to my friends and head to the Magical theory class. In the class, only 6 students besides myself ended up taking it. 2 Hufflepuffs, 2 Ravenclaws, and a Slytherin. The Hufflepuffs were Mandy Machada this stupid, stuck-up, Pureblooded girl who is obsessed with me. She has tanned skin, long dark brown hair, and bright blue eyes. Ruby Field is the other, a nice, hardworking, smart, and athletic girl. She is on the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, she has deep-set brown eyes. Her luxurious, wavy, brown hair is worn in a style that reminds you of a cascading waterfall. She is short and has a slender build. Her skin is black. The 2 Ravenclaws are Katie Hunt and Vladimir Watts. Vladimir Watts, I don't know him very well, I just know he is on the Ravenclaw Quidditch team. He has droopy chestnut eyes. He has straight, brown hair is worn in a style that reminds you of a horse's mane. He is tall and has a feminine build. His skin is chocolate-brown. He has prominent cheekbones and small feet. Katie Hunt is smart and rather attractive. She has deep-set chestnut eyes. Her thick, straight, brown hair is medium-length and is worn in a utilitarian, business-like style. She has an athletic build. Her skin is pale. She has hollow cheeks and large feet. The Slytherin Hannah Hanson, I don't know much about her whatsoever, I just know she hangs out with Lucinda. She has deep-set eyes the color of sapphires. Her fine, curly, red hair is short and is worn in an elegant, business-like style. She has an hourglass figure. Her skin is cream-colored. I get there unsure of where I should sit. I notice an empty seat next to the wall and Ruby Field. I decide to take that seat as the little I know about Ruby is that she is a kind and smart girl. "Hey Ruby, your taking Magical Theory to?" I ask casually."Hey, James" Her voice a little higher than I remember, "Yeah, I love the subject, it is so interesting. I mean, I love learning about the formation of Jinx and Hexes. Plus, Professor Neal, is an awesome teacher, she is always encouraging us to do our best." Ruby says, rambling a little bit."Oh my god, I am so sorry, I am rambling a bit aren't I." Ruby says "I just, I become a nerd when it comes to stuff like this."I don't know why she is so nervous, I mean I tend to ramble a bit as well, so I don't mind. I guess I should try and make her more relaxed. I am trying to make a new friend."Hey, I don't mind you should hear me ramble about this subject, my friends go on and on about how much of a nerd I am." I say, happy that she seems more relaxed."Okay, good I was hoping you wouldn't be scared to talk to me. The Triwizard Tournament seems interesting doesn't it, I am surprised they brought it back." She says.I am not surprised she brought it up, it is the topic on everyone's mind. So I answer "yeah it was a real shock, but I think it will be entertaining, and hopefully safer. What subjects did you take this year, I mean besides magical theory." I ask hoping to steer the conversation in a slightly different direction."Charms, Transfiguration, Ancient Runes, Potions, DADA. Pretty much I took everything to become a curse-breaker. How about you? What did someone as smart as you take." She asks giving me a strange look. I think a curse-breaker is awesome. It would be a really cool job."Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, DADA, Herbology. I took what I needed to become an Auror." I say, enthusiastically.She smiles about to reply when the professor walks in and says "Welcome back everyone but it is time to get to work." Professor Neal is a fair-skinned woman who has a particularly nice cologne, and she has a cut on her right hand. She has a narrow face, a broad nose, and angled lips. Her black eyes are round and she has a monobrow. She has knee-length, thick, brown hair and a receding hairline. She wears a complimentary foundation for an immaculate look. She has short arms, a narrow torso with large breasts with a defined waist, and short legs. She doesn't like to teach large classes and she is not one for structure. She is very kind to us and loves when we show independence and her passion and enthusiasm match ours.I smile and settle in as she begins her lecture about the importance of NEWTs.Timeskip to the end of class"Okay, for homework, write a 1 foot 8-inch long essay on the creation or theory of a jinx or hex of your choice."I smile at Ruby and say "Until next time." And give a small bow before leaving the classroom.She blushes and giggles as I leave, with Mandy glaring daggers at her. I wonder what that is about as I head to lunch.Lily's POVI look over my schedule given to me by Professor McGonagallMonday Potions, DADATuesday Herbology, Potions, CharmsWednesdayThursday AlchemyFriday: TransfigurationNot a bad schedule I think to myself. I can't help but smile and wonder what Alchemy class will be like. I don't know the professor, but the subject sounds very interesting. I mean it is a combination of Potions, Charms, and Chemistry. Hogwarts doesn't usually offer it but apparently, there were enough students interested in it for the school to offer it. I go to the library and spend my first 2 hours on a break. We come back for lunch, I eat lunch with nothing special going on. Just Potter talking about his magical theory class and describing his new friend Ruby Field. She is one of Thomas's friends. For me, I am not a big fan of her, but she is nice enough. After lunch, I head to class, I am not one of the first there and look around to see who is already there. Sitting already is Severus Snape, ew, Wilkes again ew, Benjy Fenwick, Emmaline Vance, Greta Catchlove, and my boyfriend Thomas. He is reading a book, looks to be the one from America, with Greta on one side and an empty seat on the other side. Greta is Thomas's friend, she is slightly overweight, she has medium, shoulder-length blonde hair, soft blue eyes. I don't know her very well, but Thomas has introduced us. I walk over to Benjy and Emmeline and say "Hey Benjy, Hey Emmeline, how are things.""Great, things are going really well, I can't wait to start this class." Benjy says"I am surprised they even offered it, it usually isn't." Emmeline adds,I smile and say "True, I jumped at the chance to take this course, I couldn't miss it." I add, quickly taking a peek to see if Thomas has noticed me yet.Emmeline seems to have noticed my action because she says "Go on I'm sure he will be happy to see you, we are okay."I smile and wave goodbye before taking the seat next to Thomas. "Hey Thomas surprised to see me!" I say enthusiastically, smiling when I see his startled expression."Lily! You are taking this class! That's amazing! What do you think it'll be like!" He replies excitedly."Well, I mean, I heard it is a mix between Potions, charms, and chemistry, so it should be interesting." I say conversationally.He seems interested by this and says "Well I'm glad I love all of those subjects. I can't wait for the other wizarding schools to come. I mean Beauxbatons is where Nicolas Flamel came from, so you have to assume they know something about Alchemy."I am not surprised he knows about Nicolas Flamel because he reads just as much as me. "Yeah, I think that will be the only interesting part about the Triwizard Tournament, someone is going to get hurt." I answer"Lily, you remember Dumbledore is one of if not the greatest wizard of all time, him working along with the ministry will make sure it is safe. I mean if we can't trust them, then who can we trust." He replies. Okay, so Thomas has a little more faith in the government than I do, so I am not surprised he is taking this perspective but it's pretty annoying. Why am I the only one who doesn't seem to think it's a great idea?"I just think in the past tournaments there were so many deaths, why bring it back now. It makes no sense. They can't make sure accidents don't happen." I say a little more passionately than I intended."You are right a guess Lily, I am still going to hope and be optimistic, and hope things end up fine." He says placatingly, at least he can see my perspective, I am glad. I begin to pull out my own book. I look over and see Greta is already reading again, guess she wasn't interested in our conversation. I realize I may have been a little aggressive with Thomas and I should probably apologize."Sorry, Thomas, sometimes I get a little passionate about things. I didn't mean to sound aggressive." I say, hoping to make things better.He smiles and looks completely calm, and says "it is okay Lily, I am used to your passion so don't worry, I am not upset. I really just understood your point of view and you did make good points."I am more relaxed now, I didn't upset or scare him, thank god. But sometimes I wonder if he just agrees with me instead of sharing his true feelings. Okay, Lily calm down a bit, you are overthinking things."So, your taking alchemy is that for your future career or interest purpose only?" I ask trying to shift the conversation. "Well, I want to work in the department of muggle relations. I think it's a good combination of my muggle and magic side. I want to use both." He says. I think that would be good, he is always good at fitting in on both sides."Why aren't you taking Muggle studies then?" I ask confused."I checked with Professor Sprout and since I was raised and live in the muggle world outside of school, I don't need to take the course because I know enough. Plus, there is an exam for situations like that which I can take in 7th year, that I can take without taking Muggle studies." He explains.That is actually really surprising, I didn't know that about the ministry but I guess it helps to have a magical parent. I was about to answer when the teacher walks in and with a straight face says "welcome to alchemy." Before starting on a lecture about the importance of NEWTs and the history of alchemy.Timeskip to the end of class"Okay class, that is all we have today, but be prepared, this is how all our other classes are going to be. For homework, I want 2 feet on Nicolas Flamel." He says.I grumble as I get up, this professor, Professor Porter was an absolute bore. He just kept lecturing in a monotonous voice. He has dark-skin and has an unadventurous feel about him. He has an oval face, a well-formed nose, puffy lips, and has dark brown eyes that are triangular. He has bleached white hair, that is short, fine, and worn as a short bob. He has a muscular neck, broad shoulders, and a heavy torso."This is going to be a long year ain't it?" I say to Thomas."Hopefully not, maybe it is his first time teaching. Give him a chance Lily. He says, I think he is probably wrong but I let Thomas have his hope. He gets up along with Greta and they head towards their Common Room,"see you later in the library?" He asks Hopefully."Yeah, right after dinner, we can work on this stupid essay." I say smiling.He smiles one last time before heading off.I get up and head back towards the common room wondering who is going to be there, I hope Marlene, Alice, and Dorcas are there.I enter the common room and see my friends in the center of the room. Remus looks to be reading a textbook on arithmancy, Alice seems to be pretending to be listening to Marlene, Dorcas, and Potter, but really listening to Frank's conversation. Finally, Marlene, Dorcas, and Potter seem to be working on quidditch tactics. They are obsessed with quidditch and spend way too much time on it. I sit down and Alice seemingly breaks from her daydream and asks "how was class?""Gave us a long-ass essay to do and spend the whole class lecturing in his monotonous voice. It is going to be such a long year." I complain."Shame." Alice says,"Yeah that really sucks." Marlene says yawning"You know you could give it a couple of classes." Dorcas says rolling her eyes."We will see I guess." Putting my bag down, pulling out my book, and joining them.Before beginning to read I ask Potter "Did you ask McGonagall about Quidditch yet?""Yes, I did right after lunch, she didn't really give me a straight answer, so I am going to assume there's something. Hence the planning." He explains. That's weird, why wouldn't Professor McGonagall give him an answer. Guess we will see. And I open my book and begin to get lost within its pages.Boring Chapter I know, but also necessary, I needed to give a better idea of who certain characters are and introduce classes. I also wanted to show what regular Hogwarts life was, sort of. This is also all building up to a series of events, so just be patient. If there is anyone actually reading this please comment and give feedback that would be really appreciated. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will dieWord Count 4029

(Sept.4 1976)Lily's POVIt is the weekend, woohoo, I mean I would be more excited except we got this really annoying and long transfiguration essay that I have zero clue how to do. At least I got to sleep in, I mean it looks to be about 9 am right now. I quickly get dressed, I brush my hair, and I put on a bit of make-up. It looks like everyone but Marlene is already awake, so I go over and gently shake her awake. "Come on, everyone is already awake, so you should get up." I say.After, forcing Marlene to wake up, I head down to the great hall and see the rest of my friends sitting and having what seems to be a serious discussion. Everyone in the great hall mind you seems to be on edge, either having serious conversations and reading the daily prophet. As I approach my friends, they immediately stop talking. The paper that is in Alice's hand magically vanishes. I look and see Potter holding his wand out under the table. I know immediately that it is Potter who vanished the paper, I just don't know why he would. I then look at the rest of the group and it seems to have been the groups' idea to vanish the paper. Why the fuck is everyone hiding something from me. It must be something really bad, as they seem to be having a silent debate about who's going to tell me, so I decide to wait patiently and eat my breakfast instead. I grab some porridge and begin to eat. As I am eating I notice Mary for the first time. Her eyes are red and puffy as if she had been crying. She also looks absolutely terrified. I decide to take a look at the rest of the group. All of them have grim looks on their face and the Marauders look absolutely livid. I decide if they aren't going to tell me, then I am going to have to ask."What happened? And don't try and lie to me, I can read your facial expressions, something serious happened.""Dorcas, your up." Potter whispers, I think hoping that I wouldn't hear."Fine. James hand her the copy of the Daily Prophet, it might be easier to explain if she reads it first."He hands me a copy of the Daily Prophet and my mouth drops at the sight of the article.What the fuck, another attack are they fucking kidding me. How am I supposed to have a fucking life when there are so many people like me being hunted down and killed. I, I mean why are muggle-borns so bad, like they make us seem like we are diseased or something. What did we do to deserve this treatment? Worse, they seem to have killed a larger number of muggles this time. It might be my family next. I really don't want everyone's fucking pity. I really do not want anyone's pity so I run away from the table. I just want to be alone. I can't deal with anyone right now. I need somewhere to be alone, I just need to be alone. I think about where to go but I cannot decide. I am subconsciously heading to a place I know will be empty. Without much thought, I end up in the back of the library, in a small alcove that no one seems to know about. Everything seems to become blurry, my mind can't seem to shake the thoughts and names of the dead. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. Why can't I get their names out of my head? I want to scream but I am physically incapable of doing so. My body begins to tremble, I just, I can't get them out of my head, I can't scream, I can't do anything. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. I want to move, I want to do anything. I want to cry, I want to scream, I want to fight. I can't. All I can do is sit here, shake, and replay the names in my head. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. That is so many for just one attack. So many, they're getting stronger, bolder, and less afraid. They only caught two death eaters. Two. And yet Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32 are all dead. They are all dead. THEY ARE ALL FUCKING DEAD! All the ministry can do is come up with 2 fucking culprits. They are so fucking useless. THEY ARE SO FUCKING USELESS. HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSE TO FEEL SAFE IF 12 PEOPLE DIE AND ONLY TWO ARE CAUGHT. I even know their army is going to grow. It is going to get bigger and bigger. Soon they are going to have a fucking army. And the ministry is doing nothing. THE MINISTRY IS DOING ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOTHING. HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSE TO FEEL SAFE IF THE MINISTRY CAN'T PROTECT A SINGLE ONE OF US. FUCK THEM, FUCK THIS, FUCK THE MAGICAL WORLD. WHY THE FUCK CAN'T I MOVE OR SCREAM OR STOP FUCKING TREMBLING. GET OUT OF MY HEAD. Alfie-Jay Sexton 22, Iain Mcgee 30, Maysa Savage 6, Alice Savage 30, Kareem Gilmore 20, Michaela Figueroa 85, Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35, Jez Faulkner 19, Margie Webber 28, Nellie Drummond 32. Repeat. I sit there trembling and shaking for who knows how long. I LOST TRACK OF TIME A LONG TIME AGO. I WANT TO SCREAM, I WANT TO DO ANYTHING. Then, an even worse image popped into my head, my family. What happens if my family is next. Not my parents. What if tomorrow I read the paper and see Azalea Evans 46 and Jefferey Evans 48. I see their dead lifeless bodies, over and over and over and over again. Petunia's picture is added to the list in my mind and everything is that much worse. The shaking and trembling reach its breaking point and I can feel myself losing consciousness. I can't take it anymore, the pressure is becoming all too much. FUCK IT ALL, FUCK THIS, FUCK LIFE, FUCK. With that, I lose consciousness. My dreams filling with visions of the dead and my family being murdered in various fashions. I wish I could wake up scream, pound, and cry everything out, but sadly that is not a fucking option. I am stuck watching my family die, over and over again.Dorcas POVWhere is Lily, we haven't seen her since breakfast after she ran out. It has been nearly 3 hours since then and no one has seen her. Marlene, Alice, Mary (although she is severely shaken from today's events) and I are all looking. After searching, the Library, the castle grounds, potions classroom, and so many other places that Lily happens to like, we are becoming desperate. I look desperately at Marlene and say "We need the Marauders, they might know a place we don't."Marlene seeming to understand nods her head and says "You and I will go find them we are faster, Mary, you and Alice keep searching, you might get lucky.""Sure, sounds good. But, we need to hurry, I am really starting to get worried."We run back to Gryffindor tower and knock on the Marauder's closed door. "Go away, Marauders business is currently going on." Sirius shouts, sounding serious.Really not in the mood for this, I shout "IF YOU SHITS DON'T OPEN UP THE FUCKING DOOR, I AM GOING TO BREAK IT DOWN UNDERSTOOD." They are wasting our fucking time, I really can't deal with their antics right now.Quickly the door opens revealing all four marauders blocking the view into the room. Remus asks "What is the big emergency Dorcas, you shouted like someone's life depended on it."I waste no time and reply immediately, "Lily has been missing for hours now and we can't find her anywhere."Remus and the marauders exchange a quick look before saying, "You will need to excuse us for a few seconds, we can find Lily but it has to be in private, okay."We nod, knowing the marauders like their secrets. They close the door, and we can hear words being whispered. I turn to Marlene and ask "Do you really think they can find her that quickly?"She has a thoughtful look on her face before replying "Course I do, they are probably tracking everyone in one way or another."Now the fact that she says that seriously makes me think because if I'm being honest, they seem like the type of people to do that.They return a few seconds later and James says "She's in the library, Remus will take you, we have got business to take care of." Remus begins to lead us away from their room while the others turn away closing the door."What are you guys up to?" Marlene asks, which is a good question given their behavior.Instead of giving a straight answer Remus turns and says "You will find out soon but right now focus on Lily. She probably isn't in the best state, so we need to be there for her."He tells us to speed up and we are in the library. I'm lost, I thought we searched the whole library already. I find Alice and Mary already there. I got your message, we're here, now where is she. Remus looks completely at ease and motions for us to follow. He leads us to the absolute back of the library and a small alcove. There we find an unconscious Lily."We need to get her to the hospital wing right now!" Alice shouts,but Remus stops her with a raised hand and says "She probably just passed out due to stress, it has happened to me before. Marlene, Mary wake her up gently, being as soft as you possibly can.Marlene and Mary listen to his instructions quickly, and lightly poke and shake Lily to get her up. She wakes up not long after, but she is trembling, and can't seem to do much of anything. I look over at Remus to see he is completely calm. He gently pulls a potion from a previously unknown pocket and hands it to Marlene. "Make sure you don't spill, it is not like we have extra." he instructs quickly.Marlene and Mary help Lily drink the entirety of the potion and she starts to calm down. When the shaking stops, she seems to be able to move again. She immediately falls into Marlene's arms hugging her tightly. Marlene seems to understand that Lily just needs to be held nothing else. I look over at Remus and he seems calm as ever but also really relieved that Lily is okay. He makes a follow-me gesture and leads me away from the group."Remus, where are we going, my friends need me!" I say, Failing to grasp why he is doing such a thing.Remus gently says "Dorcas, you are the most responsible out of our friends, therefore, I am trusting you with these." He pulls out a second small box that contains 6 small vials of what look to be potions.He trusts me, I can't help but smile, he didn't ask for Alice or Mary, he asked me. I can't help but be curious about what potion he is giving, or even better how many potions he and the marauders have. So I ask, "What's in these vials, even more curiously what was the first potion you gave Lily? How many potions do you Marauders have in storage?"Remus looks at me seriously as if considering how much he should really say. I hope he trusts me because I definitely trust him. He starts "Okay Dorcas, I will tell you about as much as I can. So, the first potion I gave Lily was a calming draft, used to calm and relax someone. We marauders keep it on hand in case of emergencies."That explains why Lily calmed down so quickly, and I have respect for the Marauders for being so prepared, they seem to always want to be able to help their friends and I can respect that.Remus continues "These vials are filled with dreamless sleep potions, we gave you as many as we possibly could. We won't have a chance to make more of the potions for a couple of weeks. If you are smart, however, they should last about 6 days for both Mary and Lily."I smile, those vials will really help with their nightmares and could really improve everyone's sleep in our dorm. "Now with your final question, the marauders and I have several potions stored for various circumstances. I can't really talk about the others because it would lead to more questions and we don't have time for that." He finishes.I can't even be upset with him for not telling me because he was straight-forward and honest. I run back over to my friends and find a much calmer but not better Lily. I can't tell what she's thinking but I know she isn't okay. I look at the vials and I know how to help her. I am not the best at being there emotionally, but I can protect her, and I can help her and that's what I am going to do.Lily's POVI look over and see Dorcas heading back with Remus. The potion Remus gave me really helped. I am definitely more relaxed. I am trying my best to get the images and names out of my head but I can't. So instead, I focus on the rage bubbling inside of me. I want justice for them and I want to be someone fighting for it. I want to stand-up for muggle-borns and muggle-born rights. So, I slowly stand up and with Marlene's help start to walk towards Gryffindor Tower. I am still feeling unsteady and dizzy. I still feel like I want to scream, so I ask the others to cast the muffliato charm. Once they do I just scream. I don't stop, I just scream and scream until there is nothing left inside. I motion to them that they can take off the Muffliato charm and we continue to make our way up to Gryffindor tower. Once the portrait hole is open, the girls and I take the nearest seats. Remus however, makes a quick excuse before making his way up the stairs. I would normally wonder what's that about but I choose to ignore it. I look over at Mary and see her red eyes and realized I should have handled it better for her. I scooch a little closer to her and wrap my arms around her."Hey Mar, sorry I wasn't here for you today, I just couldn't take it. I know it was probably just as bad for you as it was for me." I whisper sincerely, I feel terrible, I was a pretty awful friend today. I didn't even think about how bad it could be for Mary. She's muggle-born too.Hugging me back just as tightly, She whispers "You know I don't blame you, Lily, everyone reacts differently."I squeeze her showing her just how much she means to me. She then whispers "I know you don't want to talk about it right now, that's okay. But if you ever and I mean ever need to talk, I am here for you, Lils.""Just like I am here for you Mar, I know the others might not fully understand but I am muggle-born too. I know the world we're in." I whisper. And it is true, I want to make a difference, not just for Mar but for every other muggle-born at Hogwarts and outside the castle.I look over at our friends and they look worriedly at us, but I know it is because they care. We all sit in a comfortable silence until Marlene finally breaks it. "I know we should be focused on the whole attack, but I think we should be concerned about what the marauders are planning. They have been in their room all day and they seemed absolutely enraged by the news. I am worried they might be planning something completely insane."Thinking to myself, what Marlene said is probably true but I think it may be best just to ignore it. I seriously don't want to try controlling them today. Plus, they are enraged about muggle-born killings, why should we be mad. Alice is the first to answer "You might be right but we can't worried about that, it is not our problem, it is theirs. I think we should just ignore it Marls." I send a grateful look at Alice because it really wasn't worth it.Marlene shrugs and we continue to pass the time discussing various things.Timeskip to DinnerStill no sign of the Marauders, apparently, Potter, Peter, and Sirius haven't been seen outside of their rooms since breakfast, which makes me truly believe they have something special planned. Even Remus only came out to help me, which I am thankful that he did. We get down to the great hall, most of the students are here for dinner, most of them seem to be talking about the attack. So many of them look scared. They are probably worried that their families will be the next targets. I HATE VOLDEMORT, HE'S RUINING SO MANY LIVES!As we take our seats, I feel someone give me a tight hug. I turn around and see Thomas is there. I hug him tighter. He takes a seat next to me. I hope he doesn't try to talk about it, I really don't want to.He says "Lily I am so sorry when I heard the news I tried to find you. I don't know how you must be feeling. I am here if you need to talk about it? I know you must be scared."He has no idea, but I just really don't want to talk about it. I say "thanks, that is very sweet of you, and I will talk to you if I need to."I look over at Marlene desperately, asking her to please change the subject. She seems to understand because she looks over at Thomas and asks "How has the first couple of days been, did you get lots of homework?""No, I just had that Alchemy essay about Nicolas Flamel. It honestly wasn't that bad, he's a very interesting person. I mean he created the only known Philosopher's stone." He answers."I mean true that is interesting, but would you really want to live forever? I mean at a certain point wouldn't you want to move on." She replies.I can't help but send a quick thank you look to Marlene. Not that I don't want my boyfriend here, I just don't want to talk about the attack right now. I focus on eating as he and Marlene start discussing the pros and cons of living forever. All of a sudden there is light everywhere. I see fireworks going off in every direction. But I notice these aren't the regular magical fireworks. The marauders must have made some adjustments. The fireworks explode and suddenly, the sparks fall to the tables carving something. On each of the tables, there are 3 different faces, with a name and age and the words justice for the twelve. On the Gryffindor table, there is Hiba Nicholson 14, Aaron Nicholson 43, Jaylan O'Moore 35. The Marauders aren't done it seems. They stride into the great hall looking absolutely enraged. They honestly look like warriors. Each of their faces are holding matching snarls. Peter looks like he has had enough of everyone's bullshit. He looks part scary, but deep down you can see he is a little scared himself. Sirius has this look that says if you get in my way I'll fuck you up. He looks like someone ready to kill and someone who is a little insane. Remus has this scary calm look on his face. He looks wolfish like the wolf is inside of him is making an appearance. Finally, Potter, he looks like an honest to god commander. He is standing so fearlessly and so confidently. His hazel eyes are flashing with so much rage, and passion you just hope you are on his side. Together, they look unstoppable. They are all muttering spells and identical flames leave their wands and burn their way onto the walls. They wrote messages like say no to muggle-born killing, look out for one and other, stick together, don't lose hope, stand up and fight, protect each other, see something report something.However, the most striking was the most prominent of them all. It read fuck Voldemort, Fuck anyone who supports him. The guts to actually burn something like that is unthinkable. Instead of sitting down or wasting any more time, they walk right back out without the slightest hesitation. I can't help but get on my feet and clap for them. This is absolutely incredible. Soon others join, and most of the great hall is cheering. I complain a lot about their different pranks. But at moments like this, I can't help but admire the Marauders. I know they will stand up for what is right and they are one of the few able and willing to do so in such a public fashion. The looks on their faces said it all. They believe wholeheartedly in protecting muggle-born students and nothing will stop them from doing so. It is moments like this that make me respect James Potter and prevent me from outright hating him. He and the others do what needs to be done. As we settle down, we see Professor McGonagall get up from her seat and follow the Marauders, I am guessing to give them their punishment. I wonder what they'll get. I hope it isn't too bad, they really don't deserve it.I look at my friends and see they are grinning but also look to be in awe of what the marauders just pulled off. Marlene who seems to be the least surprised says "Well, that was amazing guys. Alice, good call for telling us not to interrupt them.""Yeah Alice, what they pulled off was absolutely perfect. It is just what the school needed. What the muggle-borns needed. The most popular students in the school and some of the most powerful students, literally just told anyone who supports muggle-born and muggle killings to fuck off and that they have our backs." Mary adds"Well, I knew if it was taking that long it was going to be special." Alice answers. I laugh, Alice always seems to know what the Marauders are doing even when the rest of us don't have a clue."Hope McGonagall doesn't punish them too badly, I know they probably broke 30 rules but still it was for a good cause." Dorcas adds I can't help but agree with her. It did seem to be a lot of rules though."It was probably only twelve Dorc. I mean at least one of them has the entire rule book memorized at this point and so they most likely made sure to break one for each of the deaths." Marlene adds. That really does sound like a marauder thing to do and was designed so only the professors and Dumbledore would get it.Before I can chime in Thomas says "They still broke the rules they should be punished. I don't care how necessary or sentimental they were being, they still broke the rules and they should be punished. It will only encourage them and others to break the rules otherwise. In all honesty, she should have punished them in front of everyone for that reason."I look at him disbelievingly, how can he seriously be upset over this. I know he loves the rules and everything. But no one deserves to be punished for something like this. Not something that is standing up for innocent people. Not for standing up against injustice. I mean, I normally don't endorse their pranks but come on, this was definitely special circumstances. But, I am really not in the mood for an argument so I just shake my head and continue eating, although I am still annoyed with him. Clearly, my friends have other ideas."Are you fucking kidding me, I don't give a fuck about rules. Last night, 12 people were killed in the name of or on You Know Who's orders, and everyone except the marauders are just bitching about it with their friends. They fucking did something." Dorcas says in her usual blunt fashion."Exactly, they did something and made a difference. You must know the type of value the marauders hold in this school. They know it and know how to use it, by saying no in public, they made sure others will follow just to be like them." Alice adds."They just did a good thing, I am a muggle-born I should know. They don't deserve to be punished." Mary says."Yeah, knowing them they knew they would get in trouble and still did it. That's what makes it even better." Marlene finishes.Thomas clearly annoyed says "Well I don't expect you to understand, you are not prefects. But as a Prefect, it is my job to control trouble and that is exactly what it was. Lily, you agree with me right?" He asks, I look down at my plate avoiding his eyes. He seems to understand, however, and gets up shaking his head. He returns to the Hufflepuff table without another word.This was another sort of chapter meant to set the scene. In the previous chapters, I was focused on creating James's storyline and struggles. This chapter had no James's POV, for a reason as it was set purely to show Lily's set of mind and I hope at this point Thomas's character is much more clear and that he has a personality other than Lily's Boyfriend. As always, if there is anyone actually reading this please comment and offer feedback thanks for everything. (All art credit goes to original artists/photographers & all original characters to )Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(September 6th, 1976)James POVI wake up, beginning my usual morning routine, today is the first DADA class of the year. There have been strange rumors going around about her classes. I am looking forward to it, hopefully, she is better than the usual idiots running the class. Since the job is famously jinxed, we haven't really had a good teacher. At least for Padfoot, Moony, and I, we haven't learned a single useful thing. I hope this one is different. I mean first I have to get through a potions class. Potions happens to be my least favorite class. Slughorn is such a pompous person, he collects people based on their family and offers favors/connections to students, in exchange for adding them to his collection. It is ridiculous, he tried to add Padfoot and me in the first year, but naturally, we said no, knowing what he was from the beginning. Plus, once we started to become well-known troublemakers, we suddenly weren't as welcomed as before. I don't really care though he only wanted us because my dad invented Sleekeazy's hair potion and Padfoot because his family is part of the sacred 28. I mean who cares where someone is from. He never invited Moony even though Moony is as smart as anyone, just because he is a werewolf. But gits like Snivilous and Rosier, who have rich families are welcomed without hesitation. The idiot can't tell when someone is evil. Anyway, we head down to breakfast at our usual time, leaving just enough time to eat and then to head to class. We take our seats next to Marlene, with Alice, Dorcas, and Lily having already left to get to class early. Who knows why anyone would do such a thing. But I guess being the crown jewel of old Sluggy's collection herself, Lily has to arrive at class early. What a waste of time.Anyways I turn to Marlene and ask "are you excited to return to potions class today. I wonder what he'll give us anyways?"Marlene who hates the class as much as I do, and who can blame her for it, the whole class is just sitting around and following a long list of precise instructions. I don't see why I will ever need to know such a thing when I become an Auror. What do they expect me to do in the field, stop whatever I am doing for a couple of hours just to brew a potion? It is so ridiculous.She says "Please don't remind me, I want to forget as long as I can. And I really don't care what he assigns us to do."Moony decides to pipe up "He will probably assign us something difficult, and offer us a prize for who can accomplish it best." Moony is usually right about things like this so I trust him. But in all honesty I don't care too much. I just hope the class isn't too full, I really don't need that right now. I check my watch to make sure we aren't running late."Yeah, and then he'll be gushing over Evan's and Snivelious's work." Padfoot adds,"Of course Padfoot, and any other person who has a rich family, just so he can get something from it." I add."How much do you want to bet he tries to invite the two of us again to his Slug Club? As if we would ever accept such an offer." Padfoot says laughing. That's true he is still trying to invite us to his slug club, which is stupid we're the least Slug club member-like students in the school."Can't really blame him can you, I mean we offer so much. Maybe he is hoping my dad will come up with a potion that can save what little is left of his hair." I say as all of us laugh because Slughorn has strawberry blond hair, that is seriously balding."But what about all the perks of the Slug Club. I mean besides good food, you get to have conversations with a group of people where 99% of them have their head stuck up their asses, and a teacher who will pretend to help you now and then call you for something bigger when you are older." Marlene asks pretending to be serious.We all laugh again because she just described the Slug club perfectly. I check my watch and realize we have fifteen minutes until it is time for class. We all get up and head to the castle grounds. I hand each of them a cigarette before grabbing one myself. If I am going to get through potions I really need this. When we finish, we have about 5 minutes till class, but we are not worried. We know this school like the back of our hand. We take a couple of quick short cuts before arriving outside the dungeon with three minutes to spare. It seems to be a large class this year. Since we are the last ones there we take a quick survey of the class.There seem to be 6 Hufflepuffs, 7 Ravenclaws, 5 Slytherins, and 7 Gryffindors. From Hufflepuff, there is Ruby, Edgar Bones, Isabelle Doyle, Alex Traore, Thomas Linnety, and Andy Reid. I don't know much about most of them except Ruby, Thomas because he is Lily's Boyfriend, Edgar Bones, and Alex Traore from quidditch. Edgar has droopy black eyes that are like two dark pits. He has straight, black hair that is short and is worn in a utilitarian style. He's got a beard and mustache. He has a masculine build. His skin is deeply-tanned. He has high cheekbones and a small mouth. Alex on the other hand has droopy slate-gray eyes. He has curly, long hair that is the color of chestnuts and is worn in a complex, style. He is tall and has an athletic build. His skin is light-colored. The Ravenclaws are Aldon Knight, Lawson White, Winter Huntingdon, Katie Hunt, Liz Khanna, Kylar Hicks and Vladimir Watts. I know about Katie and Liz from Remus and Vladimir from quidditch. The Slytherins are Lucinda, Milly Hudson, Hannah Hanson, Wilkes, and Snape. The only ones who I know that are semi-decent is Lucinda and her friend Hannah. Right as the class is supposed to begin, the doors to the dungeon open revealing the potions classroom. In sit 5 tables of 4 and 1 table of 5. Padfoot, Remus, and I immediately take seats at the back. Not long after Marlene chooses to sit there as well, because apparently Lily, Alice, and Dorcas sat at the front. Everyone knows Marlene hates sitting in the front, too much attention from the teacher. I look around and see four cauldrons full of bubbling potions.I nudge Marlene gesturing to the cauldrons and say "Do you think he's going to make us start preparing one of those potions?"She sniggers and asks "You know those are what you should be able to brew after you take your NEWTs right?"I roll my eyes, surprised Marlene has such little respect for the length we go for our pranks and other activities. I mean the potions around the classroom are easily recognizable and for various reasons, the only potion out of them that we haven't brewed is the Amortentia. The other potions polyjuice potion, veritaserum and felix felicis are all potions we have made and have an emergency supply of. We only use them for absolute emergencies, well except for the polyjuice potion, we usually just use that for pranks. If we need answers from someone or to prove to each other we are telling the truth, or if we are playing games at parties then the veritaserum comes in handy. Now the felix felicis potion, we have the smallest stalk of and we have only ever used it once. That was the night Padfoot sent Snape to the Whomping Willow. Without it, it would have turned out much worse.I turn to Marlene and say, "You know very well that we have brewed at least two of those potions. So don't bother hiding it." Sirius and Remus snickering behind me as they are remembering the night we introduced veritaserum at one of our parties. It was a real shocker to most. Granted Marlene knew and still took it.Marlene faces me and says sassily "Of course I knew, I was merely answering your stupid question from before." This causes Sirius and Remus to laugh louder."Shut up Padfoot, or should I tell them about the time you blew up the cauldron when we first tried to make veritaserum. Or the time you spent a week in the hospital wing after you screwed up the Felix Felicis." I retort. Moony is now doubled over laughing, nearly falling out of his seat.Marlene looked at Sirius incredulously and says "He's kidding right."Padfoot glares at me before replying "No he's telling the truth, although I still claim the other three are partially responsible for not paying attention. Although Prongs over here should remember I know his embarrassing stories as well"Marlene is now laughing hard, I guess she's picturing Sirius's blackened face and burnt hair.Sirius glares and says "Alright Prongs your turn. The first time we were making polyjuice potion, he put the wrong hair in it and spent the week as a half-human half rabbit. We hid him up in our dorm and said he had a mysterious illness."Well, it is only fair Padfoot got me, I mean I got him right before. However, what isn't fair is Moony laughing loudly and probably disrupting the whole class along with Marlene. Before we can get him back Slughorn seemed to have already begun class and faced us. He says "Since you four don't feel the need to pay attention or even to remain quiet in my class will you please identify what these four potions are."Slughorn really is making the mistake so many others make with us. They think just because they haven't taught us something, it means we don't know what it is. They are proven wrong time and time again and yet here we are.I look at Moony, Padfoot, and Marlene and we have a silent conversation to decide who goes first.Padfoot decides to go first and says in a ridiculously false cheerful tone of voice "Well of course professor, nothing would fill me with such joy as being able to help you out. So, the first potion" He points to the cauldron with Polyjuice potion, "is polyjuice potion. It is identifiable by its thick mud-like look and the bubbling, which is characteristic of the polyjuice potion before the hair of the person is added. After that, the color and taste are unique to the person you are changing into. Polyjuice potion allows a user to transform into another person temporarily, which can mean 10 minutes to twelve hours depending on how well it has been brewed." Sirius stood up took a little bow causing most of the class to chuckle.Marlene goes second, and says trying to contain her laughter, "the second potion" she points to the potion with Amortentia. "the one with the mother of pearl sheen and spiraling steam is Amortentia. The most powerful love potion in the world that smells different to each person. For instance, I smell my mother's perfume, the quidditch pitch, and something musky. However, it doesn't create real love instead it creates infatuation or obsession." Slughorn looks shocked, should've expected it Sluggy, we have done it hundreds of times before.Remus went next, he unlike the rest of us was dead serious, although someone who knows Remus can hear the humor in his voice. He says "The third potion or the clear, odorless one is veritaserum. It causes the drinker to tell the complete truth. It doesn't have a taste so it is undiscernible if it is put in a drink. It takes a full lunar cycle to brew."Moony went above and beyond the other two, I think to impress Slughorn, which he should, because when we first brew the potions, it was only due to Moony's help that we didn't destroy Gryffindor tower. Granted we were in the third year but still. You can see he has impressed Slughorn, which I am glad. I realize everyone is waiting for me. I decide you know what I am going to one-up Padfoot.I quickly stand up and give a nod to the professor before walking to the front to stand next to the last potion felix felicis. I begin, "Okay class, this final potion would be called Felix Felicis or better known as Lucky potion. You can identify it by its gold color, Ruby can you confirm that this is potion gold?"Ruby from her seat nods her head. I can see Thomas giving her a glare. I continue "you can also identify it by the droplets of gold that are leaping like gold-fish above the potions surface. Now this potion takes six months to brew. Now given that it is also known as the lucky potion can anyone tell me what it does?"Sirius leaping up and down in his seat says "pick me Prongs, Oh pick me."I grin and say " "He replies "It makes you lucky." I know at this point I am pushing my luck, but Slughorn is looking so funny that I decide to finish."Now the side effects of the potions is it causes giddiness and recklessness with overuse. So essentially you become my good friend Padfoot over here. It is also extremely dangerous to brew." I finish with a slight bow before heading back to my seat, quietly high-fiving both Marlene and Sirius. Most of the class have smiles on their faces seeming to enjoy our antics. That is except for Snape and Wilkes (but that's normal), Thomas and Liz and Lily. Although, I can see Lily is trying really hard to hold her glare in place. I also look over and see Ruby and Edgar telling Thomas to lighten up.I nudge the others and whisper "I think we have some very angry fans. Marlene, I think you should watch out for Princess after class."She laughs and says "She's not that mad she just wants to start potions it is her favorite class."I roll my eyes and whisper "If I get hexed I am so throwing you and Moony under the bus you were laughing the loudest."Marlene answers "Don't you dare or I will tell some stories of James potter Five year old."Oh god, those can't get out, no way, never. Suddenly Slughorns voice brings me back to reality."Okay thank you for all of those details and you happen to be correct. Now today, we will be having a little contest. Whoever, in the time remaining brews the best Draught of Living Death will receive a vile of Felix Felicis. However, I must explain Felix Felicis, is banned from all sporting events and exams. It is supposed to be used on an ordinary day to make that day special." Slughorn explains.I look around and see certain people really eager to begin, Snape, Lily, Liz, Ruby, Thomas, Edgar, Aldon, Kyler, and Katie all look ready to jump out of their seats. I know I am not going to win this so I start to wonder if it may be better to do something more productive. I look over at Padfoot and Moony and whisper "Do you think you guys can cover me when we go collect our ingredients, I am going to steal more ingredients for the dreamless sleep potion."They both nod their heads. "Sure thing prongs, that is actually a really good idea." Moony repliesWe make sure we are the last to get ingredients as we know we really don't need to win this contest. As the others grab ingredients for themselves and me for today's potion I gather the ingredients we are going to need. After we take what we need we return to our seats, and I quickly hide the stolen ingredients in my bag with the undetectable extension charm. Everyone is going to need more dreamless sleep potions, so the more we can make now, the better.Timeskip to the end of the contestNone of our potions are going to win anything, I can already see that although Moony's seems to be the farthest. Slughorn passes our table without pausing. Padfoot whispers to me "Five galleons on our Lilyflower."I whisper back "do you think I am an idiot there is no way in hell she loses." I mean it was going to be her, Liz or Snape but I guess we will see. Slughorn looks at Snape's potion and mutters something to himself before going to Lily's Potion. "My god, this is farther than I thought anyone in this class would get. This is wonderful. Very good job Miss Evans. For the rest of you 2 feet on the proper way to brew this potion and its uses." Slughorn says before handing her the vial of Felix Felices. Padfoot and I exchange a look before rolling our eyes.Timeskip to LunchMarlene, Sirius, Moony and I are one of the first to arrive at the great hall after the long potions class. We quickly fill our plates and begin to eat. Not long after we are joined by Peter and Mary who were on a break and who seemed to have spent the entire thing together. Finally, Dorcas, Lily, and Alice join us, Dorcas and Alice have wide smiles on their faces, while Lily's face turns into a glare. I quickly try to think up an excuse that can get us to leave before she gets here, but it will only delay the inevitable. She sits down and loads food on her plate without saying a single thing. On the other hand, Dorcas and Alice sit down and say enthusiastic "hello's" and "hi's". After grabbing some food, Alice is the first one to break the silence."Great performance today in potions, I could not stop laughing. Professors should have learned by now not to try that trick." Alice says."Well I am glad you enjoyed our performances, I mean it was a fun time. We really couldn't resist could we Padfoot. Not after the golden opportunity, Slughorn gave us." I say laughing because Slughorn literally presented us the opportunity on a silver platter."Well, I happen to love when Professors try to put one past us, it produces some of my best material. Plus, did you see his face, it was amazing." Padfoot adds, and I think back to the disbelieving and shocked face. It truly was something to see."Reckon it'll prevent us from being invited to future Slug club meetings?" I ask."No way prongs, you and Padfoot are way too valuable." Moony answers.It looks like Lily has had enough of being a silent bystander as she stops eating and says in a low yet loud whisper "Was it really necessary, I mean you disturbed the class for what a laugh. To what embarrass Slughorn. And why were you even laughing in the first place, some of us were trying to learn. I even saw you three were the last ones to grab ingredients. You weren't even trying."Padfoot and I exchange a look before he answers "Look we didn't know class had actually started when we were telling stories. We honestly were shocked when we realized we were disrupting the class.""As for embarrassing Slughorn, yes we tried to do that only because that was the exact same thing he was trying to do to us. And merely providing the answers was the part where we tried to embarrass him. The rest of it was because the class seemed so gloomy and bored that we decided to cheer everyone up. Come on all but like four of you were laughing outright. And deep down I know you were laughing." I say rolling my eyes at how she was still trying to be mad about something so small."Yeah Lily, we wasted what 2 to 3 minutes and in reality, we were offering perfect information. So don't tell us what we did was that bad. And as for us being last to grab the ingredients, we knew our potion wasn't going to win, so we didn't try to. We had a reason for going last, it's just we would rather not talk about it right now." Padfoot adds with an exasperated expression. I can't help but agree, I seriously don't see an issue in anything we did. If the class enjoyed it what's the problem. And given Saturday's events, we really needed to restock our dreamless sleep potion supply."I was not laughing, I wanted potions to continue. But I guess it wasn't that bad as the class did seem to enjoy it. I am guessing you knew the answers because you have brewed all those potions?" She asks"All except Amortentia, Lily, and they were all used in a noble and creative fashion." Remus answers with a completely straight face. Inside, I know like the rest of us, he is laughing his head off."That's really advanced stuff, I mean I brew potions on my own time but never something as complicated as that. When did you guys do that, I mean its impressive magic. Although, I don't think I will agree with how it was used" Lily adds with an impressed look.I knew she liked advanced magic but I am surprised she isn't mad because brewing all those potions violates so many rules."We brewed Polyjuice potion for the first time in the third year. We needed it for our Halloween costumes, remember when we went as the Professors." Moony answers. Best Halloween ever, everyone had a great laugh."Oh! I remember that, one of your less harmful pranks. It was really impressive and third-year mind you, that's commitment" Lily says, with a genuine smile on her face."Veritaserum was 4th year although we ended up using it for the first time in 5th year, remember at my birthday. party." Sirius adds. Before lily can reply as she looks less than thrilled about the second potion."Finally, we tried to brew it in the third year with terrible results. It wasn't until the early fifth year we managed to brew a small vile of it. The use of it will remain a secret as it would be too complicated to explain." Peter finishes.Lily seems a third amused, a third mad, and a third curious. I know what she is mad about and I am hoping to get out of it before her anger falls upon me and before she decides to ask questions.So I say "Yes, we knew how dangerous it was, but we didn't blow the Gryffindor Tower up, so I think we can count that as a success. Like I've said before sometimes the reward outweighs the risk. Now if you'll excuse me I am going to smoke." I get up quickly as Lily seems to be lost in my words.Just before I leave Alice whispers in my ear "She was laughing at your whole performance." Giving me a wink as I leave.Timeskip to DADA class.I walk into the DADA class with Sirius and Remus. We enter the class and it is a bit less crowded than our potions class. The same 7 of us from Gryffindor, there are 5 Hufflepuffs, 5 Slytherins, and 6 Ravenclaws. From Hufflepuff, Edgar, Ruby, Alex, Isabelle, Steven. Just like last class I only really know Edgar, Ruby, and Alex. I give a quick wave to Ruby. From Slytherin, Snape, Mulciber, Avery, Lucinda, and Milly. What a bad group the only one who I can stand is Lucinda. Finally, from Ravenclaw, Benjy, Emmeline, Aldon, Lawson, Worton Davis, and Katie Hunt. I know Emmeline pretty well, she plays for Ravenclaw and great at parties. Through her, I know her boyfriend Benjy Fenwick. Katie, I know a little bit, she shares many classes with us. Worton, I know too, but unfortunately, he is a giant prat, an arrogant git who will do anything for popularity. We find seats at the back of the class in the far left corner. I hope this year's teacher is actually decent."What do you reckon this time around?" I ask Padfoot and Moony"Well you remember her from the start of term feast, she looked tough and experienced." Padfoot says."Plus, Dumbledore knows the times we are in, there is no way he hired a slouch." Remus says sagely as if he is a 100 year old man. I disagree, times have been getting dark for a while and we still haven't had a good DADA professor but we will see I guess.Suddenly, the teacher enters very calmly and purposefully, striding right to the front of the class. "Okay, class I am your new DADA professor, Professor Wyatt. You will call me nothing but Professor Wyatt or you will face detention do you understand? Okay, moving on." She says but then she suddenly sees a group of students with their books out. She continues "For today, please put all of your books away, as I will only be speaking today."After we all put our books away, she continues "Now from what I have been told, you have had 5 different professors teach you in the past 5 years. I have looked into them and what they have taught you and no offense they were all terrible. That is why it surprised me how many of you have made it to NEWT level. Now usually if I was teaching this class I would stick solely to what would ensure that you pass your NEWTs. However, these are dark times and you need to know how to fight and how to protect yourselves. And since I am only staying here one year, I don't really care about any punishment the ministry can hand me. Now a bit of a background on myself. So, I attended Durmstrang academy many years ago where I took both OWLs and NEWTs. After, I worked for the ministry of magic in Sweden. After, a couple of deaths in the family, I was forced to move and sell most of my possessions as I was in need of a fresh start. So I moved to Great Britain, where I worked as a tutor, specializing in DADA. I also became a bartender to help with bills. And let me just say it is not the easiest job in the world as you can tell. After working another couple of odd jobs here and there, I saw a position open for teaching DADA. Since it was my specialty, I applied and got the job, probably because it is jinxed, and yes I know about the jinxed business." She pauses as if considering where to go next. Something about her is giving me a weird feeling. Her story really doesn't make sense. Is she really telling me barfights caused her injuries? She must be lying or hiding something. I know from treating Sirius what dark arts injuries look like and her scars are caused by a dark spell. I don't think a bar fight could really cause such a thing. Also, why'd she move to Britain she never actually said. She seems guarded for some reason. She begins to speak breaking me from my thoughts "Now, I know you are probably wondering what I know about DADA and why I am qualified to say your other professors are idiots. To start off, your professors seem to have spent an overly large time on rather rare creatures that you will most likely never encounter in your life and that belong more in the Care of magical creatures section. They seem to have taught you nothing on how to deal with darker creatures like Dementors or Inferi, which these days you are likely to face. Second, they seem to have shown you little demonstrations on how to actually perform spells, rather than relying on theory. Third, they haven't put you in any applied situations. But the biggest issue is the way they have portrayed the Dark arts. The Dark arts and dealing with evil creatures and people isn't about listing off a bunch of spells. No, it is about quick thinking, making the right decision, trusting yourself, and your instincts. It is about fighting your ingrain fear and facing down impossible odds. In the real world if you make a mistake, guess what you die and there is no going back. Sure you can practice in the classroom, study the theory but until you get out there, you don't know anything. I will be showing you what it is really like. I will be showing you the worst of the worst and how you deal with it. You may not want to hear it, but if you are going to take this class then you are going to be forced to grow up and learn what the world really is. This will include learning and facing the three unforgivable curses, learning how to duel properly in a life or death situation, and facing real-world dark creatures. Now if you have any questions, I will not be answering them as they are not important right now. If anyone in this class does not take this class seriously you will be kicked out understood! If you ever need to leave, ask first, and I will decide whether or not you will be allowed to leave. Now let's begin."Her speech is interesting, she will definitely teach us, and she knows more than the previous professors. But her speech and story makes no sense, she talks about facing the real world, dealing with the darkest things life has to offer. I mean she talks the same way my parents do, and they have faced real-world dangers. She talks about growing up and acts like she has been in life and death situations and yet in her story, she didn't really say she had any experience in the matter. She talks like she has experienced something or somethings that have permanently changed her. She also got a strange look in her eyes when mentioning the dark arts and especially the three unforgivable curses. Even more confusing, she seems to be breaking ministry guidelines and not having a care in the world as if the ministry can't punish her. Maybe I am just being paranoid. I really don't know. I will see what my friends have to say at the end of class. But one thing is for sure she definitely has my interest peaked.Timeskip to the end of classFor the rest of the class she focused on dementors, and she has definitely faced dementors before. The way she talks about them and the way she is able to describe the effects of them clearly shows that. Also, she also knew a lot about how to protect yourself against dementors. She tells us about patroni and the best way of dealing with them. She told us that patroni will be for our seventh year. However, she still told us exactly how to cast the spell and explained that if we want to learn how to cast a patronus we should do it on our time. Granted, with the dementor attacks on the rise the Marauders and I each learned how to cast our individual patroni to protect ourselves and our friends in emergencies. I return my focus to Professor Wyatt as she says "Okay class, that is all I expect 2 1/2 feet on dementors and how to face them due next class."With that, we got up to leave."She was amazing, she really knows what she is talking about." Padfoot says with an excited voice. He seems really happy for once."Yeah, I think Dumbledore finally got it right." Remus adds. They turn to me waiting to hear my opinion on it. I decide it would be best just to agree with them for now and wait and see if she does anything suspicious. If she does then I will tell them. Besides why squash their hopes when really, I don't have any proof anything is wrong. I should trust Dumbledore, and since he trusts her, I should trust her.So I say "She definitely knows more than the rest put together. One thing is for sure guys, DADA just became the most interesting class we will be taking this year."Sorry it was long, but I introduced certain characters that will turn out to be important later on. Now the whole potions seen, it is just the majority seem to always assume the marauders are bad at potions. Yet Remus is quoted as saying that James and Sirius were brilliant at anything they tried. And I also think that yes the Marauders keep emergency potions supplies on them because they literally had a map of everyone on the school, and dealt with a werewolf regularly. They seem like the group of students, to always have something to clean up their messes, which probably happened often. Now as always, if you read this please comment, and offer feedback it would be appreciated. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept. 8th, 1976)James POVI wake especially early this morning and quietly walk over to try and nudge Sirius awake. He was supposed to wake up at the same time as me, but alas no such luck, the great lazy prat. We have got so much to do today, he needs to wake up. Today is the full moon and Moony has been looking especially ill the past couple of days. When he wakes up we will have to take him to the hospital wing. It is going to be a long night for him. Tomorrow also happens to be Peter's birthday which means we have to plan a big party for him. We are so not ready and we so don't have enough time. However, luckily enough neither of us have class. We really should be doing our homework, but we will find a way to manage it. Anyway, I finally wake Sirius who looks confused as to why I woke him up so early. I can't believe he forgot, but I can't yell at him right now because that will wake the others up and ruin the whole surprise. I motion for him to quietly get dressed and follow me downstairs. He glares at me for a second before quietly groaning. He gets dressed in a rather loud fashion, we are only lucky that Wormtail and Moony are heavy sleepers. Once we reach the common room he groans and says in a whiny voice "Prongs why did you have to wake me up so early, we've got a full moon tonight and I was hoping to get a nice long sleep."I roll my eyes, impatient that Sirius forgot. I mean we have so much going on today, and I really need his help. "Are you forgetting what tomorrow is Padfoot?" I ask impatiently. I mean come on Padfoot wake the fuck up.I suddenly see recognition in Padfoot's eyes, he must finally be awake. "Oh shit, I can't believe I forgot. We have so much work to get done." He says in a slightly panicky voice.I look at him and tell him my plan."Okay, Padfoot first we are going to go to the Kitchens and see some of the House-elves and see if they are willing to make some food for tomorrow. Second, we are going to magically hand out invitations to the people we trust. Third, we are going to take Remus to the hospital wing, and then we are going to let Peter stay with him, while we make our way to Hogsmeade. We will get him our gifts and supplies for his party. We will make it back and hide our supplies in the room of requirement. We then are going to spend the afternoon with Remus and keep him company while Peter is in class. Then, when Peter is done with his class, we are all going to spend the remaining time with Remus, until we are kicked out. Then, we gather the supplies we are going to need for the night and hide them in our usual place, making up our different excuses for where we were all day and night. Now once we get back instead of sleeping, you and I are going to wait for Wormtail to sleep, and then we are going to set up his birthday prank. Finally, we are going to go to sleep and then wake up early and celebrate Peter's Birthday." I explain as Padfoot groans. I know he's going to help but I can't help but agree with him, we are going to have little to no sleep for the next couple of days. But they are both our friends so we know we have to get it done.He looks at me and says "Then let's get going because we are going to need every second."We leave the common room, and I quickly pull out what looks to be a blank piece of parchment and say I solemnly swear I am up to no good. Words start to appear on the blank parchment. It is the marauder's map, a map of Hogwarts that shows everyone on it, and every secret passage. The marauders and I made it in our 4th year although it took us nearly two years. It is a way to avoid trouble as much as possible. It has saved us from so many detentions as now we know when a professor is coming and when they are going to bust us."Seems clear right now no one we need to steer clear of, Filch is currently on the fifth floor chasing Peeves it seems." I say, before beginning to walk towards the Kitchens. Throughout the walk, we encountered nobody as it seems most of Hogwarts was still asleep. We reach the entrance to the Kitchens which is secretly hidden. To access it, all we have to do is tickle the pear on the portrait. The door swings open we find hundreds of tiny House-elves cooking food for breakfast in a feverish fashion.When we walk in, many of the house-elves smile and say, "Master Potter, Master Black, what an honor it is to see you again. Did and come with you?I smile over at the House-elves, they are always so nice and kind and helpful."Unfortunately Remus and Peter were unable to make it today although they wanted to tell all of you hi and they will be down to visit soon." Sirius answers smiling at the house-elves.The House-elves all smiled and jumped up and down excited at the chance to see Moony and Wormtail again. I walk over to the two house-elves we know best. Candy a House-elf whose eyes look like pieces of candy and Peely, whose skin looks like it is peeling off. "Hey Candy, Hey Peely, I was wondering if you would be willing to help us out with something?" I ask, I think they will say yes but I don't want to force them, they already have a lot of work."We would be honored to help and his friends. What is it he needs from Candy and Peely?" They ask while bowing."So tomorrow is Peter's Birthday and we are throwing a party for him. We were wondering if you could make some food for the party. We would need a cake, some of your canary creams, ginger newts, chocolate eclairs, pumpkin pasties, and maybe a treacle tart. You see you guys make the best food that we know of and we wanted to make Peters Birthday special, so we were hoping you would help." I say seriously because there isn't a single person I know who can cook better than the House-elves."We would be delighted to cook for Peter's party sir. We shall bring everything to your dorm as soon as we are done, sir." They say happily as they start to get back to work."Bye guys" I wave as I head back over to Sirius who was talking to other house-elves."So, the House-elves will cook for the party. How was it on your end?" I ask"All of his favorites will be plentiful during tomorrow's meal." He says grinning."You can't help but love them, can you. So willing to help." I say because really they are awesome, they were willing to help right away. Besides, we always have a good time when we visit them."Darn right you can't, I love some of those House-elves they are always so cheery and happy. We owe them so much." He says thinking the same thing I as I am."So now invitations, who do you think we should invite." I ask him as it is important we only invite people who won't report or get us in trouble. If we invite the wrong person it could be over before it begins.We decide to head to the common room so we can write down who we want to invite and decide how we are going to invite people."So we do it by going house by house naming which students in each year we want to invite and when we are finished, you write them down." Sirius says.I begin to make the list, writing down each house giving enough space for several names from each house."Okay, so we should start with Slytherin. I think we can start by eliminating all those Pureblood nutjobs. I also think the prefects from that house can all be eliminated. Now also eliminating my brother, Rowin Leonard and Adrian as they are all not the partying type. I think Winnie Paterson, Lucinda Talkalot, Talia Thunder, Hannah Hanson, Elizabeth Ekholm, Garrett Beck, and Alexander Webb should be the Slytherins." He finishes, I can't help but agree with him it is a good list and I don't think a single one of them will tell on us. Although, if it wasn't for Sirius's family situation I would've invited Regulus. But I guess it is best to keep those two apart. So I write down the names of the Slytherins he wants to attend."Next I say Hufflepuffs, we should eliminate Cattermole's group as they would be the first one to tell someone about the party. Travis Pieters and Chris Gonzales who are friends of Frank should come, along with Holly Brown and Aaron Lockwood. I don't like the other 7th year girls they gossip too much." I say as the group of girls in Hufflepuff are responsible for three-quarters of the school's gossip."In the sixth year, Edgar, Ruby, Greta, and Thomas should be invited. I don't think the rest of the group will let him report this. Besides, he is Evans's boyfriend we don't have much of a choice." Sirius Continues, I can't really argue with him, they are good choices."In fifth year, Tim, Nick Murray, Andrew Ryan, Amy Anderson, Otto Bagman. I mean Tim and Nick are two of the most popular students and Andrew, Amy, and Otto are all somewhat popular." I add thinking about what I know about the fifth year students."Also, we should invite Cara and her friends, they might not be the partying type but remember they get along great with Tim and his friends. I nod my head in agreement and write down the names of the Hufflepuffs."From Ravenclaw, in 7th Year, Hestia, Ash Jennings, Angelle Mullins, Anton Frost, George Martin, and Reagan Adams. They are all nice and friendly and fun to party with." I say, looking over at Padfoot who is nodding his head."Benjy, Emmeline, Lawson, Vladimir, Aldon, and Katie from our year. We know most of them pretty well. I think they can be trusted." Padfoot adds and I think he is right even though I am worried by the number of prefects on our list."Ash Selwyn, Tessa, Sophie Reynolds, and Riley Green. Obvious choices, since their friends are already on our list." I add, finishing off Ravenclaw's house."Finally, the Gryffindors, I think 7th year is pretty easy, Caderac, Frank, Shirley, Britta Macmillan, Madison Mills, and Jack Hawkins. We know them pretty well, there is no way they are going to get us into trouble. Plus the Head boy and girl will be there." Sirius says while looking at me, so I roll my eyes because he is obviously right."I think we can skip the sixth years because obviously, we are all going." I say with a little humor in my voice because we are the ones throwing the party."5th-year we should just stick with the members of the groups already going. So Mason, Damon Byrne, Sammie Horvat, Hannah, Brooklyn, and Nika Daniels. They all have friends going and are not the type of people to tell." He finishes. I hope he is right, most of the groups are trustworthy, the only group that slightly concerns me is Cara's group because they aren't necessarily the partying bunch. However, I also don't think they are the type to tell on someone, so hopefully, we got it right. So, I add the remaining names to the list."So, any idea how we can contact each of them without others finding out." Sirius asks. I think about this and come up with a great idea. But we need to hurry up and get it done."I have an idea, Sirius, you remember how a golden snitch has touch memory, so it can remember who was the first to touch it." I ask, he nods his head looking confused."What if we charm chocolate frog cards so that when the person who the invitation belongs to touches it, it reveals the invitation details, and when they let it go, the card becomes blank again." I say hoping he will understand because it means that if someone steals it, they won't be able to see anything.His eyes wide with excitement nearly yells "Prongs that's an amazing idea but is going to take time, we better get to work."As marauders, we have eaten a large number of chocolate frogs in our lifetimes, and as a group, we have grouped the chocolate frog cards, since none of us actually collect them. In total, we have enough for several sets of invitations. I quickly, but quietly run up the stairs and grab them, before heading back down to Padfoot. Sirius and I make quick work of the invitations choosing a different witch or wizard for each invitation. After 30 minutes of work, we were finally done. We quickly charmed all the invitations to appear in the proper person's bed before heading up to check on Remus. When we gently woke him up because it is time to take him to the hospital wing. Luckily for Remus and us, Wormtail is the only one with classes today. When we wake him, it doesn't look good, he is really white, he's got goosebumps clearly cold, and looks exhausted. It is so hard to watch Moony, what he goes through is terrible."How's it going Moony?" Padfoot asks gently."Wonderful Padfoot, I feel like I can run a marathon. How the fuck do you think I feel." Remus replies harshly. Padfoot winces, he knows he shouldn't have asked that question, Moony is always snappish and angry on full moons. This is due to his wolfish nature roaring to life."Moony, what he means to ask is in terms of previous moons, how bad? We need to know what we are going to have in-store today." I say calmly hoping to calm him down a bit.Moony looks at me with his sad eyes and says sadly "I honestly don't know prongs, it is going to be the usual, and I said it a hundred times to you, don't come." I shake my head, Moony always feels down on the full moon and feels guilty for everything that is going on."Moony we are coming, end of the story. Padfoot wake-up Wormtail we need to bring him to the hospital wing." I say, taking control of the situation.Timeskip to dropping off Peter and Remus at the Hospital WingAfter dropping off Moony and Wormtail at the Hospital Wing, Padfoot and I quickly throw the invisibility cloak over us. It is a cloak that renders the wearer completely invisible. It is a family heirloom, passing down from generation to generation. It apparently belonged to the youngest Peverell brothers. With it, we can pass through the halls unseen. We check the Marauders map and decide which passage to take to Hogsmeade. After a quick debate, we decide to use the passage on the third floor behind the one-eyed witch, since the hallway seems to be empty. As we reach it, I take my wand out and say "Dissendium" to open the passageway. After entering the passage we quickly remove the cloak and hide it in our usual hiding place. I look at Padfoot and say "you ready Padfoot, time to go shopping.""Course, it is a big birthday, let's make sure it's memorable." Padfoot says grinning.We first stop at Dervish and Bangs, to buy Peter a pocket watch curtesy of the Marauders. See we know his parents are getting him a fancy watch as it is customary, but we wanted to make his birthday special and show that he's part of our family too. What's different about this one, is instead of tracking the time it tracks the lunar stages and the movement of the planets, to help Peter out with divination and Remus's Full moon issue. We asked the owner to put it on hold at the end of last year. Next, we went to the Hogshead where Dumbledore's brother works. If you pay well enough he is willing to sell firewhiskey and other alcohols.We enter and wave at him. The bar seems to be empty which is good. I approach him and ask "I would like a crate of firewhiskey, some of the Hogshead brew, and Dragon scale as well as a crate of butterbeer."After he gives us our alcohol, I quickly pay, and Sirius picks up our order while I make him invisible to avoid detection."Oi, James why are you not carrying these, you are the quidditch player?" Padfoot yells annoyed, I mean the box he is carrying is kinda heavy, but I still have to pay for the Honeyduke sweets. We enter Honeydukes and I tell him to start heading to the passage while I finish up. I buy large quantities of Sugar quills, peppermint toads, Ice mice, and liquorice wands for Peter. I also buy large amounts of chocolate because it will help Remus for the upcoming full moon. I quickly pretend to leave before making myself invisible and head down to the sellar to catch up with Padfoot. I look at our load and I think we did a really good job."Hey paddy, think we got enough to satisfy Peter for more than a day." I ask, jokingly, we both knew this was going to be absolutely amazing, and Peter is going to be thrilled.Timeskip to the return to the castleWe get back to the castle and quickly hide our stuff in the Room of Requirement. I check my watch quickly and we needed to hurry in order to relieve Wormtail. We learned long ago that it was best to always have someone around Remus during the Full Moons. I nudge Sirius and the two of us sprint through the halls until we arrive at the hospital wing. We enter quietly in case Moony is asleep. Which turns out to be the case. I see Wormtail glancing nervously at his watch. I walk over and pat him gently on the shoulder."Don't worry Wormtail, we're here now, you can make it to your class." I say knowing he is going to have to hurry. I discreetly hand him the Marauders map, knowing it will help him get to class on time.He grins "I'll see you guys after, thanks for this." He then runs out, hopefully, to make it to class on time.Padfoot nudges me, bringing my attention to Moony. He doesn't look good, he looks even paler than this morning, and he has 4 blankets just to keep him warm.I whisper to Padfoot "This is not going to be a good moon is it?"Padfoot looks down at Moony than back at me and whispers back "Doesn't seem that different from usual, so who knows maybe things won't be so bad.""True, but just in case we need to bring our medical supplies back to their usual place, in case of emergencies." I whisper because right now they are up in our dorm, and that would be a far walk if one of us is hurt."Yeah. We also need to hide our injuries better. You know how Moony gets when he hurts one of us. He becomes a lot sadder and blames himself way too much." Padfoot adds. He is right of course, Moony does get much worse if he injures one of us. But I also know Moony and if we lie to him, he will feel that much worse and may even lash out."Padfoot, it is better just to tell him, you know as well as I do that if he finds out we lied to him it would make things that much worse." I say hoping to convince him.He nods I think because he understands Moony as I do.Timeskip to being kicked out of the hospital wing.After being kicked out of the hospital wing, we begin to head back to the common room."So, what is our excuse going to be for Today and tonight?" I ask, knowing we are going to need a coordinated excuse because otherwise we would probably get caught in a lie."I think for today we tell the truth, although we change it so Remus was in the hospital wing with the flu." Padfoot says."I think it'll work, although maybe best not to say exactly what we did or buy from Hogsmeade." I add looking at Padfoot but thinking about the large quantity of alcohol we had bought."For tonight, why don't we say we have found a new secret passage and want to see where it leads. Since no one but us have really used the secret passages out of school, we can easily lie, and show them one we have already found." Wormtail says. That is a really good idea, Peter was always the best at lying and getting us out of the toughest situations."Wormtail that is genius, you are always the best at coming up with them. So we head back to the common room, we only need to last a couple of minutes before we head back out. We get the supplies and then we put them in their hiding spot and then we wait. It isn't going to be a short moon, like in the summer, so we have to be ready." I say picking up the pace. We reach the common room hoping that none of our friends are there. Unfortunately, they are all sitting around the fireplace and look up upon our arrival."Shit." I whisper to Padfoot, we just have the most rotten luck."So, mind telling us where you were all day?" Dorcas asks, sounding a lot like an authority figure."Yeah, and where's Remus today?" Lily asks a little too curiously."Well, for where we were during the day, Sirius and I spent the day in Hogsmeade, gathering certain things." I say while looking directly at Alice pleading for her to understand. She seems to get it and nudges the others trying to get them to understand. Most seem to which is good."Remus on the other hand has the flu, I spent the morning with him before swapping with those two as I went to class." Peter adds convincingly. Hopefully, it will be able to relax Lily's curiosity. We start to make our way to the stairs when we are called back by the girls."So, the flu is it? Is it bad? What are his symptoms? When will Remus get better?" Lily asks, again it is like she suspects or knows. I will have to lie convincingly then."Okay, so it is pretty bad but you know Poppy, it could be anywhere from 1 day to 5 days. Second, he has a fever, he has been vomiting, he is pale, and he has the shivers." I answer hoping I was convincing enough.We turn to start to head up, when suddenly "where are you guys going, you have literally spent five minutes in the common room. Don't you have homework or something?" I turn and see that it is Mary who asked."Well you see Mary, we think we might have found a new secret passageway out of the school. The only issue is we don't where it goes or the dangers it might contain. So naturally, we are going to go explore it. We were first just going to collect some supplies." Sirius answers, doing his best to sound as excited as possible, and to keep the fear about tonight down."I thought you guys knew every secret passage in the school?" Marlene asks surprised."Well, you do know the castle is very large, so we freely admit to not knowing everything about the castle." I say, which is true we haven't had the chance to explore absolutely everywhere yet."Plus, you probably misheard us, we have never said we know every secret in the castle. We have said that we know more than the rest of the students combined. Which is probably what you are referring to. Because I will freely admit we are amazing but even us, the great marauders aren't able to know everything about the school." Padfoot adds, clearly bragging, but I mean he definitely isn't wrong.I look around and most of them are laughing about Sirius's comment. However, Lily is only pretending to. She has been way too curious this entire time, she must know something is up. I can't read her true expression. It doesn't seem right, because she almost seems worried and shocked. I think we should be trying to get out of this situation as quickly as possible.Before we can try to leave she speaks up "Are you guys sure tonight is the best night for this? I mean it could be dangerous, why not try to study it a little more before doing it?" Lily asks putting as much pleading in her voice as she can. I don't know why I exchange a quick look with Padfoot to see if he noticed what I did. She knows something or at least suspects something. We have to be careful tonight."We have made plans for tonight and therefore we are going to do it okay. We are going to be fine we have been preparing for a long time." I quickly say, while nodding at the girls before heading upstairs quickly. We grab the healing potions that will help in case one of us is injured."Timeskip to Remus's arrival at the shrieking shack"We see Madam Pomphrey bring Remus to the shrieking shack minutes before the moon is about to rise.Peter quickly transforms into a rat so he can touch the notch on the tree that will freeze it in place. Once he has done that, Sirius and I follow entering the passageway that leads to the forbidden forest. When we reach Remus, he is yelling out in pain. It is the worst part of the whole thing. Listening to Remus cry and yell because of the transformation he is undergoing is awful. We listen as his screams become louder until they reach an impossibly high point and we know it is time to transform. First Peter turns into a rat, then Sirius transforms into his bear-sized black shaggy dog. Finally, it was my turn and I transform into my huge red stag. I make sure to stay slightly hunched to make sure my horns don't penetrate or break anything. We watch as the last part of Remus's transformation occurs, his eyes change from their kind form to a violent bloodthirsty yellow. The wolf is here. He looks us up and down and smells us before remembering we are his pack. With this confirmation, Sirius opens the door to the shack and we begin to explore the forbidden forest.Timeskip to the end of the full moon.I place the unconscious Remus in the cot in the shrieking shack pulling up a couple of blankets, it shouldn't be long until Poppy is here. It wasn't a terrible full moon as Remus was mostly calm. We have a couple of bruises and cuts but nothing but the bare minimum.I check myself over, before looking at the others, like me Sirius has a couple of scratches and bruises while Peter seems perfectly fine. I ask Sirius "reckon spells will be enough to heal our wounds? Save our potions for another day."He nods and we begin to heal each other with magic. Once we are as well as we can be, only a few smaller cuts and bruises that refuse to heal anymore. Together we head back to the castle, being as silent as possible.When we reach the Common Room, I immediately know we are in trouble. Lily Evans is sitting on the couch reading as if she had been waiting up for us. She suddenly closes the book and turns to face us."So it takes that long to investigate a secret passage?" she asks with a raised eyebrow. Normally, I would be laughing about this because she has absolutely no idea what she is talking about and it shows. I mean some of the passages took many nights wandering the castle to find.In unison, we say "Yes! Do you think we are lying?"She shakes her head before heading up to her dorm. Just before she is out of sight she turns and says "I see those cuts and bruises and your torn robes, don't think I missed that. You could have been investigating a secret passage but I seriously doubt it. Now, remember I have my eyes on you from this point on."I shake my head looking at Padfoot and Wormtail and say "We better be careful from now on. Let's go up and get changed, and sleep." I head upstairs and turn and say "Let's not mention that conversation to Moony, as it will make him worry."We quickly get cleaned up and change, and climb into bed. It takes 10 minutes for Peter to fall asleep, then Sirius and I get to work. It's time for Peter's birthday prank.So that is the end of the chapter. This chapter was showing what the full moon was and showing just how busy the Marauders world was. And of course how the Marauders were definitely the party throwers of Hogwarts. And I think at least in my story to always talk about the full moons and effect on Remus because they were probably the biggest parts of the Marauder's lives. I think some of you reading if there is anyone actually reading, that the chapters are going slow. That will be the case for a few more chapters, it isn't until the start of October that things really pick up speed. I do have this whole book planned at least plot and chapter wise, and September is definitely the longest month with 15 chapters planned. For the other months, it is about 9 chapters a month. I just thought I would offer this so you can an idea of the length of the story. I will promise though that this book will finish, and my update speed will remain pretty much constant. Now as before please comment, and offer feedback. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept. 9th, 1976)James POVAfter finally finishing Wormtail's birthday prank, Padfoot and I exhaustingly climb back up to our dorms and collapse, falling to sleep instantly. Unfortunately, I had to get up a mere hour after I got to sleep because otherwise, I would miss class. I force myself up and trudge to the great hall for some quick food. I smile as I sit down because it would seem the House-elves lived up to their promise. All of Peter's favorites are plentiful at the Gryffindor table. I look around and I see a few people discussing Wormtail's party later and I smile because it means the invitations had worked. I eat as quickly as possible because I want to visit Moony before going to class. Once, I am done eating I rush out, find a deserted corridor, throw on my invisibility cloak before rushing to the hospital wing. I open the doors a tiny bit and poke my head inside to see if anyone is around. Luckily, it seems empty. I rush over to Moony's bed. He looks pale and has a couple of fresh bumps and bruises. However, he looks a lot better than last night, I guess it won't be a long stay in the hospital wing this time. Poppy can really work magic. He is still asleep so instead of removing the cloak or trying to talk to him I just turn around and head to class.Timeskip to after classAfter class where I handed in my hastily scribbled homework and received another essay, I left to head to the hospital wing hoping to find Sirius and Peter there. We wanted to give Peter's gift as a group since it was from all of us and because we wanted to see his reaction. I reach the hospital wing and see they're all sitting around Moony's bed. I enter quietly, not wanting to get kicked out before pulling up a chair next to the others.I say "Hey Padfoot, Moony, Wormtail. Happy Birthday, Wormtail."Wormtail grins and replies "Thanks Prongs loved the pranks by the way."I nod before turning my attention to Moony "How are you feeling Moony, hopefully, better than yesterday right?" I ask deep down hope that he is okay."I'm better Prongs, only a couple of bumps and cuts, nothing more than the usual. Besides, I want to know how you guys are. They refused to tell me anything until you were here." He replies. I am glad he is better, he didn't seem to be lying at least. Moony is the worst liar out of all of us, so I didn't think he was going to try anyway.I look at the other two wondering why they haven't told Moony about last night. Nothing out of the ordinary happened and we have no serious injuries. I decide to ask the other two before talking to Moony. "Why haven't you guys told him?""You know as well as I do, that Moony might've thought we were lying and think that you somehow suffered injuries that were preventing you from visiting him." Sirius says like it is the most obvious thing in the world. And when it comes to Moony's guilt he is probably right."You're probably right, Moony over here is overly sensitive after full moons." I say laughing along with Sirius."Oi, I am not!." Remus shouts indignantly."Moony, you really are." Peter pipes up. Moony looks ready to try and argue some more but sees it is a lost cause.Instead, he asks "Whatever you guys say, now I want to know about last night, and don't try lying to me."Peter decides to go first since he is the one who is perfectly okay. "Okay, so like usual I am absolutely fine. No injuries whatsoever.""I have a couple of bumps and small cuts. I had a few more last night but we were able to heal them with magic, no potions needed." Padfoot adds, saying pretty much the same thing I am about to."I have the same sort of injuries as Padfoot. Nothing new and nothing that needs magic to be healed." I say looking Moony in the eyes so he knows I am telling the truth.Moony takes one last look at each of us as if checking that each of us are okay. Before nodding, accepting that we are telling the truth."Now we're done with Moony being a worry wolf, Peter we wanted to give you our main gift as a group." He pulls out the wrapped gift with wrapping paper which has tiny rats running all over. He hands it over to Peter and we wait to see his reaction to it.When he unwraps it his face breaks into a wide grin. He reveals the gold pocket watch we got him the day before. He opens it revealing the lunar calendar and the moving planets. He faces us and then tackles each one of us in a hug."Thank you guys, this is amazing. I ... I can't believe you would get something like this for me. It is perfect. Truly I love it." He says before giving each of us another hug.The three of us are smiling, thrilled that Wormtail likes the gift so much but Remus clearly wants to explain the gift a little more."Peter, we know that your parents got you your own watch, but we wanted to give you our own watch to show you that you are apart of a second family, you are apart of the Marauders. We thought that the lunar calendar and the planetary movements would be of better use to you." Remus finishes, saying exactly what the gift meant to each of them.This made Peter unable to speak. Instead, Peter walks over and hugs each of us in a harder hug. We hug him back just as fiercely because this is the only point we will get to celebrate his birthday in private. We spent the rest of the time laughing and joking just enjoying each other's company.Lily's POVI wake up late, due to being up really late last night, I don't know how the Marauders do it. They seem to rarely sleep, it is astounding. They got back to the common room so late and I was right about them not investigating a secret passageway. They had ripped clothes, mud, bumps, and cuts littering them, well at least Potter and Sirius. They must've been doing something with Remus but I don't know what. It is far too dangerous to be around a werewolf, friend or not, and those boys would not be stupid enough to risk it. I will just have to keep a closer eye on them for the upcoming full moon. Anyway, today is Peter's birthday and naturally, the marauders are throwing a party. I mean it's a Thursday night couldn't they have waited until tomorrow. It would make more sense with classes. But I guess being the Marauders that doesn't hold too much weight. Although looking at the list of people invited on my invitation it seems like it is a very fun and nice group. They seem to have invited a fair amount of people from every house which is nice. What's more, is the invitations themselves. The magic involved in them is genius. I don't know how they came up with it. You see they charmed chocolate frogs to reveal the invitations when the person the invitation belongs to, touches it. Otherwise, it remains blank. Each person got a different character. Potter definitely picked mine as my character was Queen Maeve. Course I get the card with royalty on it. Probably laughed about it. However, he did do a nice thing by inviting Thomas to the party. Normally Thomas would be the type to tell on someone having a party. But I think Potter and Sirius trusted that Edgar, Ruby, and maybe I would be able to control him. Naturally, it took all of yesterday for his friends to convince him to not report them. Even more annoyingly, I had to have an hour-long discussion with him just to get him to agree to come with me. It's like he didn't care if we would have a good time, breaking the rules in any sense is apparently too much for him. I probably would've gone without him but it will definitely be more fun to go with him. As I got dressed and leave, I wonder what pranks the Marauders have in-store today, I hope they wouldn't have had much time to prepare something. But as I pass the suits of armor, I realize I am wrong. The suits of armor are dressed up with party hats and every couple of minutes bursting into happy birthdays. As I entered the great hall, I see that every single teacher has somehow been forced into a birthday hat and in a banner above their heads reads Happy Birthday Peter! When they had the time to do this is beyond me. They truly are brilliant. I find Alice, Marlene, Dorcas, and Mary already at the table. They all greet me with various greetings. I reply likewise and sit down and I begin to load my plate and I can't help but notice all of Peter's favorites have been made in excessive amounts. Another Marauder move."So, Sleeping Beauty finally wakes up." Marlene says smirking. Damn it I had hoped she wouldn't say anything."I stayed up late reading." I say lying because really they will all just tell me I have an obsession with the Marauder's if I tell the truth.They all roll their eyes as one, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world."So everyone ready for the party tonight?" Mary asks curiously, probably wondering what we were all going to wear."Yeah, it is going to be a blast, the parties they throw are always legendary." Dorcas says, rather excitedly."Did any of you get dates?" Mary asks curiously, although I think the question was directed at the others more than me because they already know I am going with Thomas."I did, Caderac Dearborn, he asked me last night." Marlene says while squealing and bobbing up and down in her seat."Wait Franks cute friend. Grey eyes, yellow hair, tall muscular build?" Alice asks startled, looking directly at Marlene. She of course would be curious given the fact that she has this huge crush on Frank."Yeah, that's the one. I didn't know much about him before but he is hot so who cares." Marlene says as if it is the most obvious thing in the world. Which to her it probably is."I actually got asked as well. You know Lawson White from Ravenclaw. He asked me and since no one else was going to ask I said yes." Dorcas says while looking happy I think that it is because she was asked. Although I know Dorcas doesn't really know or like Lawson."Frank is going with his friend Shirley unfortunately." Alice says disappointingly, while she is looking purposefully down at her plate."Alice they might be going together as friends who actually knows." I say doing my best to cheer her up. Although I think it might be a date, I would rather see a happy Alice than a sad Alice."Did you manage to convince that goody two shoes to finally go with you lils?" Dorcas asks curiously, looking at me straight in the eyes. I don't know why, but I think Dorcas isn't the biggest fan of Thomas. I think she finds him stuck up."Yeah, I did, after a little convincing. And don't call him goody two shoes, his name is Thomas." I say correcting her because he is my boyfriend, the least she can do is call him by his name."Mary, did anyone ask you?" Marlene asks I think trying to distract us before Dorcas and I start having a full-blown argument."No, unfortunately, the only person who I think would ask me is Reginald Cattermole from Hufflepuff, but the marauders didn't invite him for good reason." Mary says, not looking Marlene in the eye, I think sad or embarrassed. She sounds almost as sad as Alice."Don't worry Mary, I am sure many people aren't going to have dates. Besides me and you can go together since we are both going alone." Alice says smiling at Mary and her voice comforting.It is at that moment that Potter comes running into the great hall alone. He takes a seat away from us for once. Which is weird, but a nice change. I think I am the only one who has noticed him.I turn back to the girls who are discussing what they are going to be wearing for the party.I should add here that I am a guy who has zero fashion sense and who just wears whatever is comfortable. So if I purposefully leave the fashion conversation and what they are going to wear to a minimum that is why. However, when the Yule Ball comes I will give a full description for that.Marlene says "I know the perfect combination that I am going to wear. It is going to blow Caderacs mind."Mary says "Do you mind if I borrow your purple shirt, Marlene, it would go great with the skirt I am planning to wear."Marlene says "Sure, I really don't mind. Just make sure not to damage it!" She did sound dead serious at the end giving Mary a partial glare. I know this is just cause Marlene loves her clothes. I look over and see Potter is already leaving the Great hall, that was quick.I turn to focus my attention back to the conversation at hand. They continue to talk about what they are going to wear until the end of breakfast. We head back to the dorm and begin to work on some of our homework. We would be out all night so we may as well get it done now.Timeskip to Lily's Alchemy classI head to my Alchemy class and take my seat next to Thomas. The professor isn't here yet. I turn to face Thomas, to see if he wants to talk but he is reading, so instead, I open up my book and do the same. Suddenly out of nowhere, I hear a voice say "I still can't believe you're making me go tonight. Parties are not my thing, I would rather be in the library or somewhere quiet." Thomas says looking straight at me. I thought we went through this last night."Thomas, we talked about this, it is one night, one night to spent time with our friends, dancing and enjoying ourselves. It is going to be fun." I say picturing it in my mind, Thomas and I dancing next to Marlene, Mary, Alice, and Dorcas. I can't help but start shaking a bit with anticipation. It is like Dorcas said, whether you like it or not the Marauders parties are legendary.Thomas fully turns to face me and says "It might be fun, but it might also be loud, drunk students packed in an extremely small room. I mean do you know anything besides the broom cupboard next to the tapestry of Barnaby the Barmy?" I honestly don't but it is probably a secret room, however, I vaguely remember other parties being thrown in that general area, although I can never remember the room. It is always a marauder letting people in."Thomas, they probably just know a secret room there, I remember vaguely other parties being thrown in a room there. I just don't remember the room exactly. Marauder's parties are always fun, and there is always enough room, food and they always offer non-alcoholic beverages." I say rolling my eyes slightly because he is being a little difficult right now. It is not like I ask him to go to parties every week I asked him to go this once. Plus, I am pretty sure the only reason the Marauders invited him was that he is dating me. So, it would look rude on my part if Thomas didn't go."Fine, if you want to go we will go, but I am telling you we would have had a better time just the two of us in the library or the astronomy tower." He finishes before turning back to his book. I clench my book tightly to avoid retorting out of anger because the last thing I need to do is to shout at him out of anger and to have him change his mind. Instead of doing that I turn my attention back to my book and wait for the teacher to show up.Timeskip to the end of the lessonJust as I suspected this lesson was so fucking boring, just like the last one. Who was right about this guy being an absolutely boring professor, me. He gave us another essay on another important figure in Alchemy. I want to learn helpful or real information about the subject. This class is becoming the history of Alchemy instead of intro to alchemy. I may just have to read ahead, instead of waiting for this guy to actually teach us. At the end of class, I rush to the common room hoping to find my friends. I find most of them, at least the ones who aren't in class sitting around the fire again. I approach them and yell "I was right about Alchemy, the professor was exactly the same."After that I throw my bag down and begin to dance excitedly, I just love being right. "Wow Lily, nice dancing." Marlene says in a teasing voice, with a grin on her face.I don't care I was right, and she can't take that away from me. I continue to dance until Dorcas asks "Are you really about to judge a teacher by two classes?"I stop in my tracks, damn Dorcas, she just has to have flawless logic. But no I was right, he was just as boring as the first time. "He was just as boring as the last time, the same teaching method, the same format for Homework. The class may as well be called history of Alchemy." I explain proudly, take that Dorcas's logic."Yes, Lily you are probably right about the teacher." Alice says, yes Alice agrees with me, I was so right. "But maybe you should at least wait a month before declaring whether he is a bad teacher or not." Alice finishes. I deflate a little. Alice is usually right. I should give the teacher at least a month.Marlene is still laughing at my dance, which makes me laugh because I don't think my dancing was that bad."Marls there was no way my dancing was that bad." I say, looking her dead in the eyes trying to be serious and not burst into a fit of giggles."Lils, if I was able to record your dance and show it to you, you would understand." She explains while continuing to laugh.I look over at Dorcas and Alice and ask "What do you guys think? There is no way my dancing is that funny!"Dorcas and Alice who both had grins the entire time suddenly, burst into fits of giggles. I took that as my answer and started to laugh as well, it was ridiculous.Once we stop laughing Dorcas says "Lily, I think the fact that you have a victory dance for being right says it all." I don't think that it is a real problem, I mean I like to be right sue me."Yeah Lils, I love you but you have an obsession with being right." Alice adds laughing a little bit as she said it."I mean you literally hurried back from class just to say you are right." Marlene finishes, but I don't care, I was right, and I am going to let people know."You might be right Marls, but I don't care. When I am right I want people to know. And when you are right as often as I am, you tend to develop certain habits." I say cheekily, grinning in Marlene's direction.She just rolls her eyes at me before shifting the conversation elsewhere.Timeskip to the DinnerOnce Mary returns from class, we hurry downstairs to get an early dinner to give us enough time to eat and then get dressed for the party.When we get to the great hall, Marlene is looking around, I think for Caderac until she asks "has anyone seen any of the Marauders today I don't think I have seen them once?"Alice says "They probably spent the day celebrating Peter's birthday and setting up the party." She is right I think, although I again wonder if I should mention what I saw last night, but again, for some reason I decide against it.Instead, I say "I saw Potter at breakfast, he rushed in grabbed a couple of pieces of toast before running right back out I say." I look at Marlene and she seems a little calmer, her posture relaxes and she unclenches her fist."Is it me, or does the food suspiciously look like all of Peter's favorites." Mary asks, surprising me because I didn't think she knew that much about Peter.She then adds "We spent time together while the rest of you are in class." Okay, that makes much more sense."Well, I noticed the same thing at breakfast." I say, remembering the dishes I saw at breakfast."Yeah, they probably went to the kitchens and talked the house-elves into doing it." Dorcas adds straight-forwardly."They are about the only students who would befriend every single house-elf in the school." Marlene says laughing causing the rest of us to laugh. "They have probably befriended at least one of each species in Hogwarts and Hogsmeade." This causes us to laugh further imagining the marauders walking into the forbidden forest to see a centaur. Or going to the bottom of the lake to have a picnic with the giant squid.Timeskip to going to the party. The five of us dressed in stylish but comfortable manners, walk down the stairs where Marlene meets her date Caderac. He looks good, dressed up slightly, but like us still in a comfortable manner. The only issue is Frank is standing there holding hands with Shirley, I look over and see Alice looking in any direction but there. She has small tears at the edge of her eyes but she quickly looks away.We leave the common room and find Lawson and Thomas waiting for me and Dorcas. They dressed similarly to Caderac, we take each of their arms before heading to the location of the party, before we can even knock at the designated location, doors open revealing a large open room. Hanging from the ceiling is what looks to be streamers and magical fairy lights. There is a large stage upfront and a large open space for dancing. There seem to be tables set up along the ends with drinks both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. There also seem to be tables littered with different types of food and a big chocolate cake that reads happy birthday Peter. There is a radio blasting music and a group of people already dancing. Finally, there is a group of chairs and couches if people want to rest and sit down. Potter who was the one to open the door says "Welcome to the party, I think you can tell what is what, Peter is set to get here in five minutes, we are going to quickly sing him a happy birthday, but other than that you guys are on your own do what you want." I notice him take a long drink of what I can only assume is alcohol."Wow, this is amazing." Lawson says, who has never actually been to a Marauders party before.Potter claps him on the shoulder and says "thanks chap, glad you like it, it took a while to prepare."Frank leads Potter away and they seem to have a quick conversation before returning to us, with Frank looking surprised but pleased. I wonder what it is about. I look over at Thomas and say "Didn't I tell you this would be awesome, I mean look around." It is truly beautiful, I have no idea where they came up with the idea but I absolutely love it."You were definitely right Lily. Thanks for making me come." He says giving me a quick kiss on the lips. I smile happy that Thomas is finally smiling and enjoying himself.I look over and see Sirius pouring himself a rather large glass of alcohol and ask "Potter, what happens if someone has had too much to drink? How are you going to make sure everyone makes it back to the common room?" I am worried because someone drunk might find it difficult to make it back to their common room.Potter who so far has been looking in my direction as little as possible, which I wonder about but choose to ignore says rather sharply "Don't worry we have designated people from each house who have promised to refrain from drinking too much and will escort people back to their room at the end of the party. Alice and I have already agreed to it for Gryffindor. And don't worry what I am drinking is small and won't have much effect. From Ravenclaw, Tessa and Sophie have agreed to it pointing to two girls in the mix of a conversation with a couple of other boys. From Hufflepuff, Ruby and Holly have agreed to do it pointing to two girls comfortably sitting in chairs. Finally, from Slytherin Alexander and Garrett have agreed to do it pointing to two tall, muscular boys."I am a little shocked by the treatment because for some reason he's mad or doesn't really want to be near me right now.He then continues "Now why don't you guys go in and get ready Peter'll be here soon."We all nod our heads and wander further into the party. Only a couple of minutes later Peter shows up and everyone at the party starts to sing happy birthday. Peter thanks everyone, they cut the cake and everyone eats. After a few chaste conversations and a few drinks, Thomas and I find ourselves dancing on the edge of the dance floor, Dorcas next to us. However, I can't help but notice in the center is Potter dancing with what seems to be all the girls who didn't have dates. I can see him twirling Alice around, putting a huge grin on Alice's face. Soon enough he is dancing with Ruby, then Lucinda. It didn't matter who he was dancing with they were always in the center calling for your attention. It didn't have anything to do with drinks or him trying super hard it was just his general magnetism. Soon enough, he was twirling Peter around causing everyone to laugh. He along with Sirius, Marlene, and Peter are the life of the party making sure that everyone was having fun and enjoying themselves. It just made the day that much more special. I suddenly see Sirius disappear with whoever his date was this year, Marlene following soon after. Instead of letting the party falter, Potter drags Dorcas on stage and summons a guitar, and begins playing a popular wizarding tune. He and Dorcas sing the lyrics causing everyone to jump up and down, raising the energy levels of the party to a new high. At around 11 some of the more studious students start to head back and I can see Potter was right about the chauffeurs. I spend the night dancing, talking, and just enjoying myself with Thomas and my friends. Thomas and I start to head out. I see Alice having a conversation with Potter so I wave goodbye.James POVLily and her boyfriend leave as I am talking to Alice. Man, it was a hard night. I mean I am trying to move on from Lily, but I definitely still have feelings. It was not fun watching her with her boyfriend all night. Specifically when the first thing she does is to question whether we are looking out for everyone's safety as if we are just going to let a bunch of people wander Hogwarts drunk. It's a low bar she has set for us."You still have feelings for her." Alice says, looking me in the eyes with an eyebrow raised as if daring me to say otherwise. Of course. Alice knows, she knows me as well as everyone, but this is not a topic I wanted to go into tonight. Especially because all I want to do is move on from her."How'd you know?" I ask, really curious if it was that obvious."You were trying to avoid them all night, the same thing I was doing with Frank." She says giving me a sympathetic look."What a pair we are. I mean even Mary and Peter danced with the people they liked tonight. And well Marlene and Sirius did a little more than talk." I say pointing out how we failed compared to the rest of our friends.She laughs and says "Right you are. How bout if we are both 40 and single, you and I get married."I laugh and reply "Sure why not, I think we would make a great pair."She nudges me and says "You're awesome, I am awesome so of course, we would."I look over at her and see her still grinning and I grin back. Even though some parts of this night weren't ideal, I still got to spend the night having fun with my best friends. And most importantly Peter was happy. So instead of complaining and feeling sorry for myself, I grab Alice's hand, and still smiling I lead her onto the dance floor to enjoy the final moments of the night.Many of you may find this chapter boring, but I think within it you find important observations about the characters and clues into what happens later on in this book. This chapter also was crucial in showing Lily's dynamic with her friends. I think I already showed the Marauders group, but this one showed Lily's group's dynamic. I also think it is important to represent Peter because he is a marauder and their friend. Finally, Alice and James in this chapter are goals. Now like always please comment, and offer feedback. Thanks again if you are reading this. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die

(Sept. 11-12, 1976)James POVThe weekend is here, it is time to start quidditch training. I head down to the pitch just before the sun rises at around 4:00 am, I told my team to meet me at the pitch at 6:00 am. That gives me ample time to run my workout before everyone gets here. I know the team is going to be cursing and complaining, but it will make a serious impact when the season comes. Plus, I have got this whole thing planned. Granted the team is going to be training 3, 4 hours, today alone, but they will thank me when the time comes. I do my usual routine and then begin to set up. I make sure all the balls are here, I check the order of my boards to show the group our strategies and formations for the season. Finally, I add the schedule which has our schedule for future sessions. We do still need a beater but tryouts can wait. I am thinking of having tryouts two weeks from now but I need to check with the team and Minnie. I also need to ask the team if they want to have a full house try out for backups and replacements. Last year our replacements graduated so if one of us isn't able to play we will be in serious trouble. It is better to have a person lined up and who knows our plays rather than scrambling. As I am setting up the first person to show up is Randall Wood, the person who I think will replace me as Captain when I leave. He is about 15 minutes early and proceeds to get changed without even a hello. I'm pretty sure he is still fast asleep.After changing he faces me and says while yawning "Hey cap, great to see you, can't wait to get started." This really doesn't surprise me, Wood is always punctual, respectful, and rather quiet. Much quieter than the rest of the team. The biggest issue I had with him last year was that he never spoke his mind. Which was a problem because he was able to see the pitch better than most people of his age. However, as the season got longer he spoke up more and more which really benefited the team."Great to see you back and as punctual as always. You are putting the other teammates to shame." I say knowing he is better with positive reinforcements."Well, you are the guy who has been down here for who knows how long. Besides, it is better to be early than late. And last year, these sessions were really helpful so there was no way I was going to miss it." He says enthusiastically with a smile on his face. The guy really doesn't have a fault and has the makings of a star. He always is on the quidditch pitch when he gets the chance and always takes things seriously.Suddenly, two people enter the room, and one of them shouts "Bloody hell James, why the fuck did we have to get up so early, surely we could've started at seven or eight. Are you trying to fucking leave us with no sleep?" I know immediately it is Marlene who shouted this. It is never a good idea to ruin her sleep but I don't really care. I can hear Dorcas who is laughing beside Marlene clearly enjoying the situation."Marlene, you can curse all you want, but not in front of the younger teammates." Dorcas scolds, always the one being proper."I am not a child. This is my second year on the team, I am not even a rookie. It is my second year on the team." Wood shouts clearly trying to sound mature. In reality, everyone on the team treats him like a baby because he is the youngest."Wood, the rule is on the list." I say pointing to the list of rules and regulations. See we have this list of rules and regulations that we make every year, adding to it throughout the season. Since wood didn't like to curse and he was in the third year, Frank added don't swear in front of wood to the list. There are also things like Don't wake up Marlene if she is napping. Don't piss me off, or I'll make you do extra laps. Or don't anger Dorcas or she'll hex you. Last year's list is still up, so it still technically applies."But that was last year's list and I am a year older." Wood complains clearly hoping not to be treated as the baby anymore."Whatever you say Wood, you are still the youngest." Dorcas says ruffling his hair just to anger him a little more. We all have a good team relationship, so I am not worried about a little teasing. Marlene who was clearly getting changed, storms back to the main room and is still grumbling about how I am being completely ridiculous making everyone wake up this early."Morning Motherfuckers." Mason calls, who despite the early hour seems wide awake. In all fairness, he is always awake. He never stops moving and is never tired."Mason remember the rules." Dorcas calls, clearly mentioning the same rule as before."Oh my bad, I forgot not to swear in front of Itty bitty Wood. How's our wittle baby brother?" He says walking over to Wood. Wood proceeds to tackle him to the ground and the two of them begin to play fight with one and another.Marlene who during this whole exchange was trying to take a nap I think, becomes disturbed by the noise. She starts shouting "WILL YOU SHUT UP SOME OF US ARE TRYING TO SLEEP." Both boys begin to pale and quickly mutter an apology.The last to arrive is Frank who is humming a cheerful tune. He greets everyone with a wide grin, and he is bold enough to walk over to Marlene and nudge her awake. He gets changed quickly and it is now time to begin our workout. I take them on a run around the Forbidden Forest making them sing an outrageously terrible song."Hey Marlene pick up the pace, I know you're faster than that. 2 laps around the quidditch pitch for whoever comes in last. COME ON FASTER GUYS." I shout trying to push them to run faster. We arrive at the pitch and I check my watch to see everyone's time. I walk over to the list of times each person ran last year at the beginning of the year. There seems to be an improvement in everyone's time so I decide against punishing anyone with extra laps.I say "Great job guys you all did better than you did last year, which is great. Now I want to go into the formations and strategies we're going to be using this year. After that, we are going to bring the balls out and head to the pitch."I hear a groan from both Marlene and then Mason, who even after the run is bouncing up and down on his feet. The rest seem to be satisfied or at least interested in what I have planned. I lead them back into the central room of our change room. I lead them through the various formations and tactics I plan to use this season. We talk it through as a group making various adjustments. After an hour of discussing plays and tactics, we have about an hour left in the session. So, I tell the team it is time to mount our brooms. I mount my Nimbus 900 after releasing the balls and the practice begins. The chasers attack the keeper, working through the formations we just went over. The beater is trying to hit us with bludgers while the seeker is trying to catch the snitch. After an hour of training, we finish up and put the balls back in their cases. We laugh and joke until I show them their schedule."So every Saturday, Tuesday, and Thursday we will be holding training. Two weeks from today I want to hold tryouts. Now, do you want to do a whole house tryout looking for a beater and the replacements in case someone gets injured or just a beater? I ask because really it is up to them."I think it might be better to have tryouts for both a beater and the replacements as it would be better for them to know our moves." Wood says, surprising me a bit that he was willing to speak up but glad he isn't returning to his old ways."Yeah Woods right, better be prepared than unprepared." Frank adds."Is anyone oppose?" I ask the group."Since no one is opposed then that's what we will do. Now we're done you are free until Tuesday. I will ask Minnie next time we see her about tryouts, does that sound good." I finish and watch as everyone but Marlene and Dorcas quickly file out. They wait as I clean up the last of everything before we walk back to the castle."Are you going to go grab breakfast or head to bed?" Dorcas asks Marlene and me. I will probably grab breakfast I am hungry and I can never sleep after Quidditch.Marlene clearly has other ideas as she says "I am going to head to bed since this monster made me wake up before 9 am." I roll my eyes, she has complained enough, and she will thank me when the extra training helps us win the cup."I am going to breakfast if you want to join." I say to Dorcas.She shrugs and says "sure."We head to the great hall.Time skip to after breakfastWe make our way back to the common room where we find Sirius and the rest of the marauders sitting doing homework."Prongs please don't tell me you were torturing your quidditch team for this long. I mean when I saw Marlene grumbling about a crazy person, I was hoping it wasn't you." Padfoot says while giving a look that says I am crazy."Please Padfoot, you know as well as I do, that I don't lose when it comes to quidditch so how about you don't question my methods. You know I am an amazing captain." I reply because my methods work and were proven last year when we went undefeated on our way to the cup.He rolls his eyes at me along with the other Marauders "I see that your confidence certainly hasn't lessened over the summer." Remus adds."Or your enthusiasm." Peter finishes, it's like everyone doesn't want to win or something. To win we need to put in the effort."Hey Wormtail, Hey Moony, just wait till after the season then you won't be so negative." I say back."How about you spend a fraction of the time you spent on Quidditch on your Homework. I mean you still have charms, DADA, and potions which is due on Monday and Tuesday." Remus says, always making sure we do our homework. I groan but go upstairs and grab my potions and charms work. I should get it done today. So that is how I spend the next couple of hours scribbling away on my homework occasionally asking Moony for some help.Timeskip to DinnerSo at dinner in the Great Hall, we sit down as a group, the nine of us together for the first time today."Today has been so boring, we haven't even done anything." Padfoot whines, always wanting to be apart of something exciting.Evans seems to roll her eyes at that and says "Sirius, you don't need to prank or throw a party every weekend.""That's where you are wrong Evans, we need to do something, otherwise the energy builds up, and then we explode." Padfoot replies whining so much that Remus decides to put him out of his misery."Don't worry Padfoot, we will come up with something to do tonight that'll make things interesting." Remus says rolling his eyes, hoping to calm Padfoot down.Seeming satisfied he returns to wolfing down his food as quickly as possible."Wow Sirius, you really have the attention span and behavior of a dog." Marlene says looking at him in disgust. Unknowingly she had just made a hilarious joke causing all us Marauders to laugh.All the girls look at us confused. "Why are you guys laughing?" Mary asks sounding completely confused."Inside joke don't worry about it." I say casually since I know Lily is already too curious about our comings and goings.They shrugged and went back to eating."Besides Marls you already know that you love me." Sirius adds winking. Marlene rolls her eyes at him."Since when, I'll have you know I have slightly better standards than you." Marlene jokes."You have standards. What is it, male mildly good-looking, because the number of guys who have matched your standards can fill most of this table? Sirius says joking as well.Marlene faked gasps pretending to be mad before bursting into laughter "Sirius Black are you really going at me about standards. When your standards are literally just human and breathing."Sirius rolls his eyes and asks with a raised eyebrow "You are forgetting to add attractive to that list. Only the best of the best can get with me. And please tell me how I don't match your standards?""Well for one, your hair isn't good enough, two you don't look good enough, three your flirtation skills suck. So I would say you definitely aren't up to my standards." She replies looking Sirius up and down with a fake disgusted look. It is a lie because everyone knows Sirius is a flirt, a good one, rather handsome, and perfect hair."HOW DARE YOU? HOW DARE YOU? I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW MY HAIR IS PERFECT! PRONGS ARE YOU HEARING THIS SHE INSULTED MY HAIR! BACK ME UP PRONGS." Padfoot shouts. I am trying to hold in my laughter because Padfoot is overreacting although everyone knows not to insult Padfoot's hair.Marlene just starts laughing and continuing to laugh. But Padfoot isn't done "And I will have you know that you definitely don't meet my standards. Not good-looking enough. Not to mention the way you dress is trashy?" Now, this is Marlene's weak point, everyone knows not to insult her fashion."OH YOU ARE SO GOING DOWN BLACK, YOU KNOW MY FASHION IS FLAWLESS. LILY TELL HIM MY FASHION IS FLAWLESS!" Marlene shouts at Sirius.At this point, all of us are laughing because this is just hilarious seeing Padfoot and Marlene riling each other up. I don't know why, but it is funny. We all know deep down they are joking with each other.Marlene looks at Sirius and says pretending to be serious "Well, I am just going to go elsewhere where my fashion is acceptable. Maybe Caderac likes what I wear." As she gets up she gives a wink to Sirius.Padfoot matching her gets up and says "While I will go find Reagan and see if she likes my hair."The two of them burst out laughing before sitting back down. They are so similar that it is kinda scary.Timeskip to after DinnerWe get back to the common room, Padfoot tells us he wants to go exploring or to play a game. I exchange a look with Remus, when Padfoot is this excited it is never good. Moony then says "Padfoot we know we have to work on that project tonight, and we have some leftover firewhiskey upstairs.""We have leftover firewhiskey, I am all in." Sirius says running up the stairs.Hopefully, the firewhiskey will calm him down because right now he is seriously energetic. We get upstairs and find Sirius already drinking a cup of Firewhiskey. We play games of wizard chess, gobstones, and exploding snap to pass the time. Sirius and Peter drinking Firewhiskey, while Remus and I work on the dreamless sleep potion, hoping to have it done after this weekend. All that is left is for the potion to simmer. So we look at the other two who aren't two drunk and ask do you guys want to explore the castle. Being the board students that we are, we decide to go explore the castle. The 9th floor is the floor we've spent the least amount of time on, so we go casting various spells to see if we can find a new passage or to just find a new secret room. We have been doing this for years, and over the years we have a system now that usually works for finding hidden secrets."Moony, Prongs I think I found something." Padfoot calls way too loudly. He is running over to get us along with Wormtail until they crash into a suit of armor. We know we are screwed now as we can hear Filch's footsteps running this way."Padfoot, are you fucking serious right now." Moony shouts angrily, I mean it was a rookie move from him.But we definitely underestimated how drunk Sirius really was because he replies "How can I fuck myself." Stopping in his tracks as if to think about it."This is really not the time." I say running back to grab Padfoot and drag him with us.Moony who is checking the map says "He'll be here soon, take the short cut behind the picture and we should be able to beat him back to the common room." After taking the short cut we make our way back to the common room without getting in trouble. We head back to our room. While we were walking Remus smacks Padfoot on the back of the head, just to let him know he is an idiot, which I can't help but agree."Did you guys really find a new passageway?" I ask unable to tone down my curiosity.Moony joins with the map and says to Wormtail "point it out on the map." Wormtail points to a part of the map that must have been a new secret passage since it wasn't on there. Moony and I exchange a nod and we begin to plan our next excursion which would mean visiting this location.Lily's POVI head down to breakfast as usual joining everyone but Marlene since she doesn't like to get up early and is still tired from yesterday. I don't have a lot to do today but my charms essay. It really won't be that difficult because it is my best subject along with Potions. The topic itself is pretty interesting, we need to talk about how casting charms non-verbally change the process. It isn't that big of a deal except it takes mental focus to perfect the spell. I still find it fun to learn about the differences. It is a really interesting topic. I will write it in the library later today. As a group, we head outside after breakfast since Mary wanted a chance to draw the forbidden forest. I pull out my book for a little bit getting lost within the pages of the muggle book. I look up and find Potter, Sirius, Marlene, Dorcas, and Peter playing in the lake. Alice is playing with the flowers looking at the different varieties. She seems lost in thought. Her posture is thick and she isn't really looking at the flowers. She is just walking aimlessly like she doesn't care where she is. She is twitching and her fingers are fiddling with the flowers. She is biting on her lower lip. She has been like this every since Friday. I think I should go over and talk to her. She is really starting to worry me. She looks seriously anxious about something. Mary on the other hand is happily humming to herself while drawing a very detailed picture of me. I smile it is a very good likeness. The picture of me looks great."This is great Mary, I can't believe you managed to draw this so well." I say because truly the drawing was perfect."Glad you liked it lils, do you want the picture." Mary says offering it to me."Course I do, it would be perfect to put in the dorm room. You are such a good artist Mary. I love this." I say taking the picture carefully hoping not to damage it too much.I walk over to Alice "Hey Ali, are you okay, you seem to have been spacing out a lot more since Friday." Which was true, she seems to be thinking about a lot of things."I am fine Lily, I was just thinking about a couple of things and some conversations I had." Alice says brushing it off as usual. She isn't one to share her feelings or even acknowledge them. She is shifting her weight from one foot to another and her fingers haven't stop twitching which is telling me she is hiding something."Are you sure, this isn't about Frank is it?" I ask questioningly because it usually is a sore spot."No, it isn't about Frank, not everything is about him you know!" She snaps angrily. Turning to glare at me, her fingers stopping for the first time in days. Why is she so mad, why won't she just tell me?"Alice please, I am not trying to anger you or push you, I am just worried about you." I say while approaching her slowly. I hope she knows that she is currently worrying me."It is just my mom, she is sick right now and my dad's not too sure about it. If he loses her I am not sure what he is going to do. It would crush him." Alice says with tears finally forming in her eyes.Oh my god, her mom, Alice, and her mom are super close and it would crush her if she died. Her dad also works a fair bit to make sure their family gets by. It would kill him to lose her, and I am not sure he would recover afterward. I don't say anything since Alice isn't the best when it comes to sharing her feelings. Instead, I just hug her tightly and just hold her until she finally calms down a little bit."You know whatever happens you are going to have all of us behind you right." I say because I know every one of her friends will be there for her.She smiles weakly before saying "I know and thank you.""If anything and I mean anything needs to be done I can help." I tell her filling my voice with seriousness, and squeezing her to tell her that I mean everything I say.She nods and says "Just can you not tell the others yet, I just don't want to deal with a million questions right now.I nod telling her I understand.Timeskip to later that dayI am heading to the library. I just need a break right now. It is terrible, a good person like Alice's Mom gets ill and can't afford the treatment. Innocent people who don't have magical parents are being killed and injured and no one seems to do anything. Why does everything have to be so dark? Why does this world have to be so cruel? Good, Innocent people are dying, and yet no one wants to do anything. This is why I want to be a healer. I wasn't completely sure heading into this year, but I want to help people like Alice's mom. Help those who can't help themselves. I grab the books I am going to need to finish my charms homework. But I can't begin to read. All the sad and dark thoughts passing through my hands. I squeeze the books hard trying to control my rising frustration. Why? Why is everything so fucked up? I am sure my face is bright red right now with anger. I am slightly shaking, I just wish I could focus on more happy thoughts. I need to get this essay done, but surely there is something I can do. But how can I? I mean with every passing day more people think I don't belong in this world. I am starting to wonder if I don't. I mean if I didn't come to Hogwarts, my parents and my sister would still understand me. I could actually speak up about something without having someone calling me a mudblood. I could walk freely without looking over my shoulders. I could feel safe every day without worrying about an attack. I wouldn't worry about my parents or my family, or be concerned about an upcoming war. Why couldn't I just be normal? I could make such a difference. I slam the book on the table in frustration receiving a glare from Madame Pince. Oh, go away you horrible woman. Focus, you need to get this done, you need to become a healer so you can help people. Come on focus damn it. I start to write my essay but I really can't focus. But then someone pulls up a chair next to me."Hey Lily, how are things going?" Remus Lupin asks while looking at my work."Not great it seems." He continues taking out his own notes."I am fine, just having trouble focusing." I say, trying to push away his curiosity."Come on Lily, don't give me that. What seriously is troubling you?" He says in a voice filled with caring and concern."I just... Do you ever feel like you don't belong?" I ask, he is a werewolf so maybe he will understand."Yes sometimes, I mean the way people look and treat me when they find out who I really am, it makes me feel horrible like I am a monster. I know you know Lily. You are too smart not too." Remus says truthfully, I am surprised he knows this when really I shouldn't be surprised he always knows everything."Oh, I didn't say anything because I didn't want things to be awkward and I didn't want things to be different between us." I say, hoping he doesn't think I didn't mention it because I think he is a monster."I know Lily, I know you would never judge me, but we were talking about you. Are you feeling like you don't belong?" Remus asks turning the conversation back to me."Yes, I mean all those Purebloods want me dead and it is becoming increasingly dangerous to be a muggleborn even just at school. There are so many people who want to see me dead. I want to stop feeling scared. To be able to do something without being called a mudblood. I wish sometimes I didn't have magic." I say avoiding his eyes, feeling ashamed of my weakness."Lily, you are forgetting the most important part of the journey. Your friends. Are you telling me, meeting Marlene, Alice, Mary, and Dorcas isn't worth all the abuse?" Remus asks."They are definitely worth it but sometimes especially with Marlene, Alice, and Dorcas that I am causing them more danger than anything else. I am making them blood traitors, aren't I?" I say, because without me Marlene, Alice, and Dorcas wouldn't be at a risk. They wouldn't be targets. They wouldn't align with the Purebloods but surely they wouldn't be looking to fight after school."You can't think like that Lily. I know if you spoke to them they don't and would never change anything. They care about you Lily. Trust me I know how you feel, I have felt like that every single day for years. But guess what, every time I feel that way, James, Sirius, and Peter, remind me just how important I am to them. Lily, you belong here, you have made friends here and you shouldn't regret it." Remus says looking me in the eyes with a ferocious and desperate look.I think about all he says and it is helpful. I trust Remus and I am calmer, but I can't help but disagree. I still think my friends would be better off without me. I want to make a difference but I don't think I can as a muggleborn. But maybe, all I can do is fight. I try to shake off all the horrible thoughts. I turn to Remus who is still giving me this hard look as if he wants me desperately to understand how important I am.I turn to face him and in an attempt to placate him say "I know I don't regret the friends I made, I really wouldn't trade them for the world. Most importantly I wouldn't trade you. You're my brother Remus and my best friend. I wouldn't give you up for everything."He nods, his body relaxing and a small smile forming on his face, and says "Now let's get this charms homework done."Okay, so another chapter is done, although again you might find it boring but I find this is an important chapter. It shows Lily's mental state and how quickly she can spiral with a single negative thought. I think it also highlights Remus and Lily's friendship which has currently been lacking in this book. Also, it starts the quidditch season and I wanted to show how a team dynamic really works because I really know what it feels like to be on a team and how close of a bound you can really form. It is also an introduction to a further quidditch storyline which will start soon. I also was able to add small hints of Blackinnon if you read the story. As always please vote, and offer feedback. (All art credit goes to original artists / photographers & all original characters to ) Disclaimer ️: includes mature language, graphic content and sexual references and Characters will die
