Trigger Warnings: language-/+Okay.This was gonna be a piece of cake.Yeah. Definitely.As a seventeen year old young man he, James Merlin Eowyn Charles Apollo Potter, was mature and capable—no eager—he was eager to be a mature, mentally healthy adult.There was nothing that made him happier than gathering up his pride, analyzing his actions, reflecting on them and rounding all that off with some corrective action.So! He had come to the lovely realization that he was an arrogant and cruel young man. Hmm, oops, that wasn't phrased correctly. The cruel actions he had taken were done in arrogance. He was not a bad person but he had done bad things that had hurt people.Ahem.It was not just people though. It was one in particular that his actions harmed the most.Severus Snape.For those that lived under a rock. Or! Or… did not know individual school grudges/public bullying.Epiphanies and therapy were fun and funny things, weren't they?They were the kind of things that had him trudging across the slushy, muddy grounds to the GreenHouse #7 in the dead of night on the coldest day under his Invisibility Cloak (which wasn't very warm in his humble opinion) with a well rehearsed speech being whispered under his breath and a scroll clutched in a death like grip.See, James had this epiphany at a pretty awkward time. Details aren't necessary but let's just say he could have had it two years ago. Maybe even last year could have been a stopping point but no, the public stripping and almost murdering with a werewolf thing… yeah, fifth year was rough.For Severus.Not him.Moving on! James heard through the grapevine that Sn—Severus was neck deep with Death Eaters. Now, James knew that S-Severus loved the Dark Arts. His big nose (an objective fact, not an insult) was always in a book about a curse or a poison or a hex.But.There was a but.James was observant. It was how he knew he would be a great Auror. Through amazing deduction and slight stalking, he knew that Severus spent double the time studying a counter for the Darkest of Arts. Severus believed the best way to fight darkness was to understand it. And, that was not wrong. It was not evil.Which.Which meant… that Severus Snape was… not… evil.Severus Snape was not evil.Whew!James wiped his brow, finally at the doorway. He heard through the same grapevine that Severus spent the full moon tinkering in Greenhouse #7. Technically against school rules but the dead, cold look on Severus's face stopped anyone from speaking against it.Now one might think: hmm, didn't Severus always have a dead, cold look? The thought would then lead to why? Severus was a human child so why, even on his first day, did he have such a look? It wasn't Slytherin evil, it was—"AHHHH!" The floor disappeared from under him quite suddenly and he fell quite the distance only to land on something Not Right. It flailed wildly under him, thick ropes that were way too warm and soft and way too slimy for him to find purchase."ACK!" James clawed uselessly at the tendril choking him, his nails making zero traction on the slippery surface. Still, the tendril didn't appreciate his attempt and tightened in warning but James didn't know what the warning was because the other tendrils were alternating between beating the wind out his lungs or yanking much too hard on his limbs.Normally, James would have spelled his way and absolutely decimated this violent plant but this wasn't a normal night. This was a night where he wanted Severus to feel as safe as possible.What's the best way to make someone feel safe? Come unarmed, duh! So he left his wand on his pillow. He was sure that Severus wouldn't beat him into the dirt if he was unarmed. Most likely.Peter insisted he was insane to trust Snape—well, he said something much nastier but James refused to repeat it even in his private thoughts. Some part of him was concerned about not just Peter, but all the Marauders. Currently, James was making conscious, hard steps towards the light but some of his friends were staying stubbornly in the grey or slowly, slowly stepping backwards into the shadows.Bloody Hell, therapy had him thinking about the most foolish foolishness right before he died! Choked to death by a plant. Without graduating.Without becoming an Auror.Without even apologizing."Regulus?"Ooh, thank Merlin! James renewed his struggles, the sound of Severus's voice like a muggle angel—harp and all despite sounding raspy with lack of use. James managed to slip a hand just barely under the tendril around his throat and pulled it away just enough to draw in a deep, deep breath but as soon as he opened his mouth, a tendril gagged him. He yelled around it, quite ineffective if he did say so himself."What on Earth are you doing over there? I—oh." Okay, maybe the sweet note soured completely but despite the change, Severus jumped down into the ditch with him. The plant surprisingly didn't attack him as well which gave him the luxury of standing above him, arms crossed over his chest and head tilted to give him the maximum height to look down on him. At first there was anger, red, hot and familiar and it screamed accusations.James was here to ruin his projects.James was here to play a prank.James was here to make his life a living Hell in whatever way he could.But he wasn't.James never shook his head so fast and so hard. He knew Severus wouldn't leave him there forever but there was no doubt that the vengeful boy would wait for him to, say, pass out so he could move him to safety silently. Not that he was speaking from experience. Because that would be extremely embarrassing.More than that, though, he denied the silent accusations because he didn't want Severus to think he was there out of bad faith.The fire stayed in Severus's eyes for a second more before dying out and it was replaced with the empty look James had recently become accustomed to. He didn't even sneer before flicking his wand to summon light. Nothing too bright, just a simple 'lumos' but the tendrils dashed away as though it were a fiery torch."I, erm, I don't… have my wand?" James grinned as confidentially as he could, still sitting on the now mostly cleared ground. This area was a bit small and he'd tower over Severus if he stood and he was sure that wouldn't help the boy feel comfortable around him.Once again, Severus's face stayed blank as he waved his wand, gently levitating James out the hole and he soon followed, a silent ghost making his escape.Or rather, he attempted to make his escape. Attempted because James lurched to his feet and snatched him by the wrist.Well, James tried to snatch him by the wrist.Tried because James remembered that he wasn't supposed to use brute strength and, apparently at the exact same time, Severus decided brute strength was the answer, whirling on his boot and shoving James as hard as he could in the chest. Now, normally Severus had zero (read: 0) chance of physically moving him but James was already off balance and taking a step back and Severus had actually planted his feet and practically used his whole body to repel him.For a moment he thought he was lucky.After all, he wasn't careening down the ditch again. He wouldn't be breaking his neck and leaving Severus with a corpse on this cold winter's day. No, no, he was just going to fall against a bench. No, no, he was just going to knock down the top shelf, a pot would break against his head (but he was quite hard headed so it wouldn't do much damage) and maybe he'd mess up the plants on the bench.And he did.But he didn't take into consideration what plants Severus would be working on and of course, of course he wasn't working on harmless muggle daisies or some useful wolfsbane or even mandrake.Anything.Just anything but Mimbulus Mimbletonia!For those who skipped Herbology—or maybe didn't take it past fourth year!—mimbulus mimbletonia was a boiled covered plant that didn't like to be touched. Now, it wasn't sentient enough to say this but when poked (or elbowed as James just did) it shot out a disgusting, stinking sap rightfully called stinksap. Stinksap was… disgusting. It smelled like when Moony found the chocolate in his bag and devoured it (the whole bag) and spent the rest of the night uncontrollably, projectile vomiting and pooping. It was a horrible, traumatic experience. And now he was absolutely soaked in that smell. The sap was thick and cold and Merlin, why?James groaned as the cold, thick sap easily sank through his clothes and slid across his flesh to join the slime from the vines in the ditch. Disgusting, disgusting, disgusting! He looked over to Severus annnnndddd he was running out the door."Wait! Come back!" James took off after the smaller boy. Was Severus always so fast? Or had James gotten slower after quitting Quidditch? Severus suddenly took a sharp left, ducking into the snowy Forbidden Forest.It was cold.Freezing really.The wind was blowing."H-how ar-are you not… out of breath?" James demanded with all the force his rasping voice could manage when he finally cornered Severus. He didn't want to corner him but he couldn't let opportunity slip through his fingers! Severus had his wand out and leveled right at James but the Gryfindor found himself more concerned with his own lungs.They ran for nearly two hours!And most of it was slipping and sliding!So it makes sense that James was bent in half, nearly dead and the anomaly was Severus with his back to a rock wall and standing straight as a pole."Listen, I," James licked his lips, his entire speech suddenly gone. He had Severus right here. Unable to hide from him, unwilling to attack him. It was perfect. He. Just. He just had to say it. Say anything. Severus was beginning to look to his left and right, planning his escape."I'm sorry!" James bellowed. Severus jumped, obviously startled but James gave him no time. Hebowed low from the waist, his face nearly to his knees. "I'm sorry, Severus! I'm so, so, so sorry." James straightened, unable to not look Severus in the eye as he apologized. He had to see his face. He had to see him hear his apology."I'm sorry that I bullied you, Severus. Even though we received the same punishments, every interaction, every fight, every argument—all of it I instigated and escalated. I was a dark cloud that drove away any friends you could have had, destroyed any shred of happiness you could have found and publicly humiliated you. Again and again and again and again and no one stopped me. I didn't stop me! And I'm sorry. I'm sorry I did all those cruel things to you. I'm sorry I was too stupid to stop until it was almost too late," James wasn't sure when he started crying, his tears feeling like lava against his frozen cheeks. He wiped harshly at his face, breath coming heavily through his lungs for a different reason now. He held out the scroll he'd been clutching so hard, feet sounding like muggle cannons as he closed the distance."My uncle is on the Panel of Poisons, Perfumes and Potions." Maybe the teary, snotty speech broke something in Severus because the boy's facade finally cracked, his dark eyes as wide as dinner plates. James nodded with a small, crooked grin, wiping at his face again. "They technically only accept potioneers who have mentors because of—well, you're into this stuff so you know why—but I also know a lot of mentors charge a lot and I thought you wouldn't accept money so I talked to my uncle and, well, if you accept, you can start on your mastery straight out of Hogwarts.""No.""Yeah, all you—wait, what?" James gaped then gaped again. Was Severus crying? James and Sirius had made the cruel nickname after he had (at first) accidentally jinxed Severus into tears. Never, no matter what he did could he make the boy actually, organically cry. What had he done wrong?"I said no!" Severus surged forward and pushed him as hard as he could. James didn't budge but Severus tried again and again. His words came out thick and wet and sad. "You don't get to make my life miserable for so long, take everything from me and then swoop in with this apology and, and charity!""It's not charity! It's a… it's a debt I'm paying towards you, towards a future as bright as you," James grabbed the other's slim hand and pressed the scroll into his palm. "Please, take it Severus.""No," Severus dropped the scroll. He wiped aggressively at his eyes as though to wipe away any tears that wanted to come. He shook his head harshly, nearly falling to get away. "I won't be used to absolve whatever guilt you're suddenly consumed by.""This isn't about me," James sighed. He knew this wasn't going to be easy. He was prepared for this. He'd stay out here until the sun stood high in the sky. "Not really. You don't have to forgive me. You don't even have to see me after. Accepting this opportunity doesn't come with any attachments. Just please, please do this.""I… why?" Severus whispered, arms wrapped around himself. His face was an open book, showing all his fear and hope and hesitation. It twisted James' heart."If I hadn't bullied you, if I had not been such a lil berk, there wouldn't be a reason for someone to chase you into the Forbidden Forest in the first place," James hoped that made sense."Could…" Severus looked away, "Could you say it again?"James nodded almost eagerly. He knew immediately what Severus wanted and he'd say it until his throat went dry then a hundred times after that, "I'm sorry.""Again?""I'm sorry.""Apology accepted.""I'm sor—huh?" James was sure the boy was catching him off guard on purpose. But he couldn't help the warmth that filled him from heart to belly seeing Severus pick up the scroll and dust it off."Thank you, James," Severus gave him a small nod and the first smile he's ever seen on the boy. It was a little awkward and unsure but it looked nice on Severus.It suited him.-/+THE ENDI like to believe that most peeps just need a little push towards the light.I hope it was enjoyed!Stay safe y'all!
