Forbidden
to LoveSummary:
 Juliet grew up at Malfoy Manor. They told how to dress, act, who to
be friends with, and who she was. They even told her she was
forbidden to love unless they said other wise, but when Juliet
attends Hogwarts can all of that change?Juliet
sat on her bed in Malfoy Manor reading and re-reading the envelope on
her hand. It had just come and she hadn't opened it because it was
weird to her. She never received letters and whenever she did Lucius
would take them. She turned the envelope over and started to open it
when another owl flew in her window. It made a crash landing on her
bed then stood up."And
who are you from?" Juliet asked.The
owl just looked at her and dropped the letter. Juliet picked it up
and looked at the address."I'm
afraid this isn't for me," Juliet said but before she could give
the owl back the letter there was a knock on her door."Just
a moment," Juliet shouted shoving the the letter under her pillow.
"Fly on top of the dresser," she whispered to the owl and the owl
flew straight to the top."Enter,"
she shouted."Hello,
Juliet," a voice said."What
do you want, Malfoy?" She asked with a sneer."Is
that anyway to treat your brother and fellow classmate?" he asked
smirking.Juliet
turned and walked up to him."First
of all you are not my brother. Second if I was your classmate I would
treat you with the respect you deserve. Which incidentally is none!"
She replied angrily before walking over to her window."You
should really learn to control your temper, Juliet. Whats that?" he
asked walking over to her bed."What's
what, Draco?" she asked turning around."That,"
He said pointing to the letter on her bed."Nothing,"
Juliet said running over to her bed to grab it but Draco already had
it and opened it."Dear
Miss Juliet Vanessa Black,We
are please to inform you that you have been excepted into Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," Draco read. "Juliet this is
wonderful. I got a letter today too. Juliet, are you ok?" Draco
asked when he noticed that Juliet had slid down the wall by the
window."My
name," She said."What
about your name? They have it on here wrong. Your full name is Juliet
Narcissa Malfoy," Draco said."No,
Draco. They have it right," Juliet said."No
they don't," He argued back."Yes
they do. I was adopted. Thats why we look nothing alike," Juliet
replied as she got up and walked over to her mirror and looked at her
reflection."She's
right you know," said a voice."You're
a mirror what would you know?" Draco asked angrily."I
see almost everything that happens in this room, and I see what
everyone looks like. Juliet is a petite and has light brown curly
hair with a tint of red. Your have bleach blond straight hair. The
only similarity thing between you two is your eyes. Icy blue," the
mirror said."We
get the hint mirror. That's enough," Juliet said walking away from
the mirror. "Now what was the original reason for coming up here?""O,
I had forgotten. Mother wanted me to tell you that dinner is almost
ready and that you should dress appropriately because we have guests
over. We will settle this at dinner," Draco said before walking out
the door.Juliet
walked over to her wardrobe and pulled out one of her dresses. This
one was light blue. It was full length with a low neckline and
cropped sleeves. Juliet put it on and then went to her mirror. She
pinned her curls up and left some loose around her face."You
look beautiful. You should wear your one drop blue diamond necklace
and matching earrings," the mirror said."Thank
you mirror. You are quite right about that," Juliet said putting
the jewelry on."Marvelous!"
mirror exclaimed."I
will see you later," Juliet said rushing from her room.As
she reached the bottom step she heard Lucius entertaining the guests
in the parlor. She walked in and saw a small family briefly before
Lucius hugged her."You
look beautiful, my dear," Lucius said."Thank
you," Lily said."Everyone
this is my daughter, Juliet. Juliet this is Matthew Flint, his wife
Marietta, and his son Marcus," Lucius said with his hands on her
shoulders."It's
a pleasure to meat you all," Juliet said with a curtsy."She's
charming, Lucius," Mr. Flint said."Thank
you, Flint," Lucius replied."Lucius,
Dinner is ready," Narcissa called from the dinning room."We'll
discuss business after dinner then," Lucius said walking out of the
room.Juliet
waited till everyone had left the room or so she thought. When she
looked up, she saw Marcus standing there smirking at her."Can
I help you?" Juliet asked, standing by the doorway."No.
Well not yet anyway," He said walking by with a smirk."I
wonder what that was about" Juliet thought to herself before
exiting.As
she entered the dining room, Lucius looked at her and said, " Why
don't you sit by Marcus, my dear?" Juliet knew it was more of an
order than a suggestion. She walked over and sat at the seat next to
Marcus, who looked too pleased."So,
Juliet, Draco tells me you two received your Hogwarts letters today,"
Lucius said."He
did, did he?" asked Juliet giving Draco an evil glare."Yes
he did. He also said something about an argument about whether or not
you are a real Malfoy," Lucius said placing his goblet down. 
Juliet said nothing. She only looked down at her plate. She could
feel his icy blue eyes staring at her. She didn't look up to face
him, she just stared at her hands in her lap."Are
you going to look at me and answer or are you going to just sit
there?" Lucius asked."May
I be excused?" Juliet asked looking at Narcissa."That
is up to your father," Narcissa replied looking at Lucius."May
I be excused?" Juliet asked again looking above Lucius's head."No
you may not, not until you look at me and talk about what happened
today," Lucius replied."Lucius, not right now. We
have guests," Narcissa said politely."You're right, Cissy. We will
discuss this after dinner, Juliet," Lucius said turning back to
entertain his guests."Yes,
sir," Juliet said looking down and finishing her food. "May I be
excused now?""Yes
you may. Your Father will call you down when he is ready to talk to
you," Narcissa said.Juliet stood up, curtsied to the
Flints then walked up stairs to her room. She walked into her room
and slammed the door."I'm
guessing dinner didn't go well," said Mirror."No
it didn't, Mirror. Thanks to Draco I'm in trouble," Juliet said
walking over to her balcony doors and throwing them open."What
did he do know?" Mirror asked."He
told Lucius about the letter and the argument we got in and now
Lucius is furious with me because I argued with him about it,"
Juliet answered looking out at the land that surrounded Malfoy Manor.
"I'm sick of being here, Mirror. I want to be able to go outside
Manor walls and go were I want, whenever I want.""You
know that isn't possible, dear. At least, not until you have someone
or marry," Mirror said."I'm
not ready for that, Mirror. I mean I've never been outside the walls
of the Manor. I want to know what the world looks like outside of
here and outside of stories," Juliet said."That
won't happen just yet, dear. Not unless you runaway or something,
which you won't right?" Mirror asked."No,
Mirror. I won't run away," She answered walking out onto her
balcony. "At least not yet," she added under her breath.Juliet stood on her balcony,
looking out on the land of Malfoy Manor. She was lost in her own
world. She was so lost in it that she didn't notice a house elf
appear beside her until it tugged on her dress."Miss," it said tugging
again."Yes,
Dobby," Juliet said after recovering from the scare she had just
received."Master Lucius asks that you
come down stairs now," Dobby said."Thank
you, Dobby. I will be down in a moment," she replied as the house
elf nodded then disappeared.She
walked over and looked in the mirror."You look fine dear. Just go
before he gets more mad," Mirror said.Juliet nodded and walked out of
her room. She walked down the steps and ran into Draco at the bottom."Watch
were your going, Draco," Juliet said gripping the railing to
prevent herself from falling. "Why are you smiling? We both just
almost fell down the stairs.""You'll see," He said
walking up the stairs still smiling.Juliet walked down the last
steps and walked towards Lucius' study. She knocked on the door and
waited to hear someone say enter."Enter," a voice came.Juliet
cautiously opened the door and walked in. She turned to close the
door and saw Marcus out of the corner of her eye. She said nothing
and closed the door. She turned around and looked down at her feet."Dear
there is no reason to look down. You are not a servant and you are
not in trouble," Lucius said."But
dinner," Juliet started."Do
you want punishment?" Lucius asked."No
sir. If you didn't want me down here for that then why am I down
here?" Juliet asked looking up."I
have some rather good news," Lucius said smiling."What
is that," Juliet asked having a bad feeling that the answer would
involve Marcus."Marcus here has agreed to
marry you in 2 years time," Lucius said with a smile."WHAT!?" Juliet screamed."Don't
sound so excited my dear. He is perfect for you. You will love him
from now till you die," Lucius said."What
if I don't want to love him? What if I want to find love on my own?"
Juliet said half yelled."You
have no say in this matter, Juliet. You are forbidden to love anyone
but Marcus. That is the end of it," Lucius said raising his voice."Who
are you to tell me that I can love no one but him? I will no marry
him I refuse," Juliet said trying to keep her temper."I
am your father.."Lucius started."You
are NOT my father and you have no right to give me away to someone I
will not and cannot love," Juliet said her temper showing."I
am your Father and you will love Marcus and you will marry him. End
of discussion," Lucius said slamming his hands down on his desk."No
I will not," Juliet yelled before running out of the room. She ran
up the stairs and into her room, slamming her door. She collapsed on
her bed crying."What
happened?" she heard Mirror ask."He
told me that I was to marry Marcus in 2 years time," Juliet said
crying even more."O
dear. I'm guessing that didn't go well," Mirror said."No
it didn't I said I would not then stormed out of the room," Juliet
said."O
well good for you, dear. Try to tell someone who to love. Its messed
up if you ask me," Mirror said."Thank
you, Mirror but it isn't up to you. He will force me to marry him
unless I do something," she said."Run,"
Mirror said after a few moments of silence."What?" Juliet asked."Run.
Runaway, far away. He can't force you to marry someone if your not
here," Mirror said."Yes
but what about school?" Juliet asked."Go
to school. Malfoy can't come remove you. You have a vault key so you
can get money for supplies and while you're there find love then he
can't do anything," Mirror said."You're right, Mirror. I will
run. I'll get the stray owl to show me where it came from. I'll go
there. They won't even know until I show up at school. I'll go
tonight," Juliet said wiping her tears."Good
girl. Wait till everyone is asleep then take some of your clothes,
your horse and follow the owl to freedom," Mirror said."I
will, but for now let me get some sleep that way I can be there by
morning," Juliet said."Of
course, Dear," Mirror said."Thanks, Mirror," Juliet
said before laying down and falling asleep.

Forbidden
to LoveAuthor's
Note: This is not a Mary Sue and no she doesn't fall in love with
harry. This story will probably have sequels and go through all seven
years. I don't know yet. I'm still trying to decide.Juliet
left that night. She threw her bag over the balcony then sneaked down
the stairs. She was almost to the door when she heard something
behind her. She turned around to see none other then Marcus Flint."Were
are you going?" he asked with a grin."I
was about to go for a ride," Juliet replied taking a step
backwards."All
by yourself? In the middle of the night? While everyone is asleep?"
he asked walking towards her."I
couldn't sleep. Besides I like taking rides by myself," She
answered continuing to back up towards the door."Well
why don't I come with you?" he asked."No
thank you," she said as she reached the door. She was traped and
they both knew it."Well
then, I guess I'll let you go for ride," He said as he reached her."Thank
you," Juliet said curtsying then turning and opening the door.
However before she could walk out, Marcus grabbed her arm and spun
her around. He pushed her up against the door and kissed her. Juliet
used all her strength no to push him away and slap him across the
face. When they broke apart, Juliet forced a smile then turned and
walked out the door. As soon as the door closed behind her, she ran
to the bushes her bag had landed in. She grabbed her bag and ran
towards the stable. She saddled up her horse, released the owl, and
followed it. She rode all night. It was almost dawn and Juliet could
barely keep her eyes open. She felt herself falling sideways off her
horse. The last thing she saw before she hit the ground was a house
in the distance.FORBIDDEN
TO LOVE...Juliet
woke up to the sound of voices. When she finally realized that she
was in a house, she bolted upward and looked around. She definitely
wasn't in Malfoy Manor, the decor told her that. She got up and
silently walked towards the voices. She reached a doorway and peaked
her head into what looked like a kitchen and saw a group of redheads
sitting around a table."She
can't be dangerous, Percy. She looks too young to know spells like
that," one said."She
could be older than she looks, George. Besides how could she have
found us without magic?" the one called Percy asked me."Does
it matter? She's here and I'm going to watching over her," said a
women."Mum,"
a little girl yelled running into the kitchen, "She's gone. She's
not on the couch.""She
couldn't have gone far, dear. We'll find her," the women said."No
need. I've already found her," a voice said from behind her causing
her to jump. Juliet tried to run but he grabbed her by the wrist."Let
me go!" Juliet cried struggling."Why
should I?" he asked."Percival Weasley! You will let her go right now!"
the women screamed.Percy
released her on his mothers orders. Juliet ran forward then turned
around to look at them all."Where
am I? How did I get here?" Juliet blurted out."Calm
down dear. Why don't you sit down and have some breakfast. While you
eat we will explain," the women said with a smile.Juliet
didn't know why but her smile comforted her and made her feel safe. 
She sat down at the table and relaxed some but stayed on her guard.Juliet
sat and at in silence for a moment then asked, " So how did I get
here?""The
boys found you this morning when they went out to play Quidditch on
the hill," The women said."On
a hill?" Juliet asked."Yea
its the only place we can play around he. We got up there and saw you
so Ron ran back here and told Mum that we had found a girl and were
bringing her back to the house, then ran back and helped us bring you
and your horse here," George said."Yea
well it wasn't like we needed him. We could've angeled it," a boy
that looked exactly like George said."Sure,
Fred. Says the boy who couldn't control your horse," George said to
Juliet."You
couldn't control Scarlette? She's one of the most tamed horses in the
Manor's stables," Juliet said in disbelief."That
thing is tamed?" Fred asked in shock."Yes.
That thing is my horse and I should go check on her," Juliet said
standing up. She went to take a step then collapsed but was caught
by Percy before she hit the floor."Thank
you," She said as she stood up and regained her balance." No
problem," he replied before turning around and walking out of the
room."Why
don't you go check on your horse then go up to Ginny's room and rest
till dinner," The mother said."Thank
you ma'am but I really should be going," Juliet said."I
insist you stay with us until the boys go to school," The mother
said."I
really shouldn't I need to go get my school supplies then make sure
I'm at the train station by 11 the day after tomorrow," Juliet
said."Well
the boys need school supplies and have to go to the train station
too. So why don't you just stay here," she said."I
don't know," Juliet said."Please
I insist," she said."I
don't know. Maybe...I could. Sure why not," Juliet said."Great,"
she said."I'm
just going to go check on my horse," Juliet said walking out the
door and into the back. Juliet walked out back and saw Scarlette tied
to the fence. She had been unsaddled and groomed. Juliet walked over
to Scarlette and petted her knose."Hey
girl. Are you ok after all that riding last night?" Juliet said
petting her.Scarlette just neighed in reply."Good
girl. I see they have you taken care of. I need rest so I'm going to
come check up on you later. Ok?" Juliet said.Scarlette just winned in agreement."Ok,
be a good for them," Juliet said before walking into the house."Ginny
will show you to her room, Dear," the mother said."Ok,"
Juliet said following a little girl up a set of stairs."This
is my room. The boys brought in the extra bed. Have a good rest,"
Ginny said walking out of the room."Thank you," Juliet said as the door closed behind
Ginny. "What an odd girl," Juliet thought before laying down and
falling asleep.Authors
note:I'm
back. Ok so I went from writer's block to grounded to heart broken to
writer's block again. Then I had exams and a bunch of stuff. But I'm
back now. All is good. This is not a Mary Sue and no she doesn't fall
in love with Harry. And this is the real chapter. I uploaded the
beginning of another chapter for a different story.

Forbidden to
LoveAuthors note:
I was going to wait for reviews to put up the next chapter but here
it goes.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N
T-O L-O-V-EJuliet fell
to sleep very fast. At first it was a dreamless sleep but it soon
changed to a sleep full of nightmares.DreamJuliet
ran through set of trees after set of trees, trying to escape what
was behind her. No matter how fast she ran the forest seems to never
end. After running for what seemed like hours, Juliet finally saw a
light lite in a window. She ran straight up to the door and started
banging her fist on it and screaming for help. No one answered so she
walked to a window and looked in. She saw a man and his wife sitting
playing with two little babies. One was a baby boy with black hair
and blue eyes the other was a baby girl who had light brown curly
hair that looked red in the light and icy blue eyes. The couple
seemed unaware of any outside surroundings. They seemed just happy.
Juliet smiled for a moment, then remember the danger behind her. She
watched the husband walk out towards the door. Juliet ran to it. As
he opened the door, Juliet started to ramble on about the danger
behind but it seemed like he didn't hear her. She walked by him into
the house and towards the living room. She stepped in the room and no
one was there. She ran upstairs and found the nursery. Sure enough
thats where the woman had gone. Juliet started to yell at her telling
her, somethings coming, run get the kids out, but just like her
husband she acted like she couldn't hear Juliet. Juliet went towards
the crib to grab the kids and leave when the womans husband ran in
saying, "He's here. I'll distract him, you take Juliet and.." but
his voice faded away. The woman turned and wrapped the baby girl in a
blanket then reached for the baby boy. She had him in her arms when
the door was blasted in. The women pleaded with whoever it was to
kill her and not the child. Juliet saw a green flash of light and the
women was dead. The man turned to the baby boy, Juliet screamed and
dove forward in front of the boy. She felt like she was being shaken
and bolted upward with a scream."He killed
them," Juliet said with tears in her eyes."What are
you talking about?" A male voice asked."The man
in all black killed the little family in that cottage in the wood,"
Juliet said."It was
just a dream, Juliet," said a voice she now recognized as George."It was a
nightmare not a dream. I don't have dreams I grew up at Malfoy
Manor," she replied."Everyone
has dreams, Juliet. You've had one once. I'm sure of it. Anyway, Mum
sent me up here to tell you dinner is ready and if you want you can
come downstairs or stay up here. Your choice," George said before
getting up to leave.Juliet sat
there, wondering how he new her name she hadn't mentioned it earlier
had she? She started to contemplated actually going back to sleep but
she couldn't endure another round of nightmares so she got up and
changed into one of her simple dresses which was just a plain red
cotton dress. She took a quick in the mirror before exiting the room
and walking down the stairs. As she reached the bottom step she heard
some whispered talking coming from the kitchen. She tried to listen
but could not make out what they were saying. She stood straight up
brushed the wrinkles out of her dress and walked into the kitchen."Well hello
dear. Did you sleep well?" Mrs. Weasley asked."Yes, Thank
you," Juliet replied with a smile."Well sit
down and eat something," Mrs. Weasley said kindly."I should
really go feed Scarlett," Juliet said."She can
wait for you to eat. You've eaten nothing but breakfast today and
your skinny as bones. You need some meat on your bones," Mrs.
Weasley said piling food on a plate for Juliet."Yes,
ma'am," Juliet said sitting down next to Ginny."Here we
go. I wonder where you father is. He should be home from work
already," Mrs. Weasley said looking at a clock.Juliet
looked at the clock more carefully and saw that it had nine hands
instead of two. As she looked more closely she notice that each hand
had a one of the Wesley's faces on it and around the clock named
different places like school, work, traveling, etc. When she finished
looking at it she turned to her food and ate quietly."Thats a
nice dress," Ginny said trying to make conversation."Thank you.
I made it. I can make you one if you wish. I love making clothing,"
Juliet said."I'd love
that," Ginny said smiling."Great. I'll
buy some materials tomorrow at Diagon Ally," Juliet said before
finishing her food.As she was
finishing her food a tall red haired man, she guessed to be Mr.
Weasley, walked into the kitchen complain about work."Dad work in
the Ministry in the misuse of muggle artifacts," Fred said to
Juliet in a whisper."O,"
Juliet whispered back."And who are
you?" Mr. Weasley asked finally realizing Juliet's presence."This is
Juliet Black Aurthur," Mrs. Weasley said before Juliet could answer
him."Black? As
in..." Mr. Weasley started but Mrs. Weasley cut him off."Yes
Aurthur," She said giving him a look."I think
I'm going to go check on Scarlett," Juliet said suddenly feeling
quite uncomfortable."I'll come
with you," Percy said as Juliet stood up."If you
want," Juliet said walking out the back door with Percy in pursuit.Forbidden-To-LoveAuthor's
Note. Lon story short a lot of stuff has been happening in my life. I
went around Maryland preforming with a tour group this summer, got
few roles in plays, starting college stuff, etc. I'm trying to update
as much as possible.

Forbidden To LoveAuthor's Note: Reviews would be
very much appreciated with this story. This story you all can try to
guess how it will go but it goes all 7 books and the ending for each
story of the series will not end the way you think. On with the next
chapter, sorry it took so long.FORBIDDEN-TO-LOVEJuliet walked to the barn with
Percy behind her. The walk was silent, but not like a regular
silence, an awkward silence. Juliet felt as if Percy was watching her
every mood as if expecting her to freak out or make a wrong move."So how did you end up at the top
of the hill?" Percy asked when they had reached the barn."It is a very long story,"
Juliet answered, petting her horse."I have time," Percy said
leaning against the door to the stall."I was running away. I road all
night from where I was running from, The last thing I remember was
seeing a house and then sliding off my horse," Juliet said petting
Scarlett."Why were you running? You don't
have to answer that if you don't want to. I mean I don't want to
impose," Percy said."It's fine. I was being forced
to marry a guy I barely know and don't like in the least," Juliet
answered."Why would your parents make you
marry someone you don't love?" Percy asked."They aren't my parents, and
its how they are. They run my life. I spent my whole inside the walls
they built around me. Their son got everything he wanted and got to
do everything I couldn't. They told me how to dress, act and who my
friends should be," Juliet said walking out of the stall and
sitting on the last step of the ladder."That's horrible," Percy said
walking over to her."Yes it was, but I ran away from
that. It is all in the past. For now at least," Juliet said looking
down."Why won't you look at me when
I talk to you? Or any of the boys actually?" Percy asked lifting
her chin with his hand."It is how I was raised. I was
taught to never look a pure blood man or boy in the eye. It is
considered rude and disrespectful," Juliet answered."Well do not worry about that
here. In this house you are as equal as I am," Percy answered with
a smirk."That is nice to know," Juliet
said with a smile. "Can I ask you a question?""Yes you can," Percy answered,"Your parents, what do they know
of my last name? Your father was going to say something but your
mother told him to be quiet with her eyes," Juliet asked looking at
Percy."You noticed that?" Percy
asked."Yes, I did. I'm very good at
reading people. Like right now you are trying to avoid the question
and the question makes you feel uncomfortable," Juliet said
scanning his eyes."It's a long story," Percy
said."I have time," Juliet said."Well it started…" Percy
started to say before he was cut off by someone screaming Juliet."O no!" Juliet said jumping up."What's wrong? Who is
screaming?" Percy asked."It's Lucius Malfoy and the
second voice I'm guessing is your father's," Juliet said with a
panicked look."What does Lucius want with you?"
Percy asked,"It's a long story. One I will
explain later but now I need to hide. Scarlett lay down girl,"
Juliet said and Scarlett obeyed. Juliet quickly covered Scarlett with
a blanket and some hay. "Be quiet girl. Don't move or make a
sound." Juliet ran up the ladder and hit under a pile of hay.
Just then she heard the barn door open and heard Lucius' voice
talking to Percy."Where is she, Weasley?" Lucius
asked Percy."I have no idea what you are
talking about, Mr. Malfoy," Percy said politely."If I found out you hid her from
me you will regret it," Lucius said before apparating out of the
barn. Juliet lay still until she felt someone's hand on her
shoulder. She looked up to see Percy."He's gone," Percy said
before helping her out of the hay."He'll be back. I know he
will," Juliet said brushing hay off her dress."Well by the time he returns, we
will be in Hogwarts safe and sound, and Dumbledore will not let him
touch you. But now you have explaining to do and not just to me,"
Percy said walking towards the ladder."I know," Juliet said following
him back to the house.FORBIDDEN-TO-LOVEJuliet spent almost an hour telling
the Weasley's everything that she could remember."Wow. You've had some life,
Juliet," Ron said."Wealth isn't as grand as
people think it is. You have to keep up an image and be friends with
certain people. It's an awful life to have to live. I wouldn't
wish is on my worst enemy," Juliet said."Well you don't have to worry
about Malfoy while we are in school," George said."Yea, we won't let him lay a
hand on you," Fred said agreeing with his brother."That is very kind, but what if
I'm not in your house? What if I'm in Slytherin?" Juliet asked
looking at the twins worried."With the bravery you've
displayed, I highly doubt that you won't be in Gryffindor," Mr.
Weasley said."Thank you, Mr. Weasley,"
Juliet said with a weak smile."Well that is enough talking for
one night. You all have to be up early to catch the train," Mrs.
Weasley said standing up. "Off to bed all of you." Mrs. Weasley
ushered the kids upstairs to their rooms and mad sure they were all
in bed before going back downstairs."Juliet, can I ask you
something?" Ginny whispered from her bed."Sure," Juliet answered."Will you write me and tell me
how Hogwarts is?" Ginny asked."Of course I will. And your dress
should be finished before Christmas. But for now let's get some
sleep. Goodnight Ginny," Juliet said before turning over."Goodnight Juliet," Ginny said.FORBIDDEN-TO-LOVEWell that's the end of the next
chapter. Next one will be up soon hopefully; I'm trying to update
all my stories so bare with me.

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: Hey guys I'm back. For any new readers…(I have encountered issues on other stories of mine.) Most, if not all, of my stories I started writing while I was in middle school. I'm now in college and I am learning to write better. As easy as it would be to pull every chapter and fix the mistakes it takes more time and I would probably change things, which would then cause my other readers to have to re-read.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EThe next morning, Juliet woke up to Ginny shaking her."It's time for breakfast," Ginny said before running out the door.Juliet got up and looked in her bag for a dress. She grabbed one of her simple blue ones and put it on. She sat in front of the mirror and braided half her hair up."Everything is going to be ok. Today will be a good day," she lied to herself looking in the mirror, before getting up and heading downstairs."Good morning, Mrs. Weasley," Juliet said reaching the bottom landing."Good morning, Juliet. Glad to see you on your feet again, with no issues or dizziness," Mrs. Weasley said smirking at her. "Sit, eat some food, then it is off to Diagon Alley for school supplies we all go.""Thank you Mrs. Weasley," Juliet said sitting down next to Ginny."I wish I was going to Hogwarts this year," Ginny said just pushing food around her plate."It will be your turn soon enough," Mrs. Weasley said patting her on her head. "Now everyone hurry up."As soon as everyone was done eating, they all grabbed their cloaks met in the living room."I assume you have used flu powder before?" Mrs. Weasley asked looking at Juliet."Yes ma'am, I have," Juliet responded with a smile."Very good, why don't you go first dear?" Mrs. Weasley said holding out a small pot to Juliet."Do think that is wise Mum?" George asked, looking at his mother."Well why wouldn't it be?" She asked looking at him questioningly."What if Malfoy is on the other side just waiting for her?" Fred asked."I suppose you have a point. Alright one of you boys go first," she said holding out the pot."I'll go first. That way if need be I can distract him," came a voice that Juliet didn't expect to hear."Alright, Percy. We will see you in a little bit," Mrs. Weasley smiled at him as he stepped into the fire place."Diagon Alley!" Percy exclaimed before disappearing in green flames."Alright. You next Juliet," Mrs. Weasley said.Juliet walked up and grabbed some floo powder from the pot in Mrs. Weasley's hand; and then, stepped carefully into the fire place. Before Juliet could speak the words, Mrs. Weasley looked at her and said, "If you get there and Lucius is there, you are to run. Run to Flourish & Blotts and hide. We will come find you." Juliet swiftly nodded her head and spoke clearly, "Diagon Alley!" Juliet jerked upwards. She knew the feeling would only last for a few moments, but she hated it. In a matter of moments, Juliet was staring at the inside of a store. She stepped out of the fire place only to here, "JULIET NARCISSA MALFOY!" She snapped her head around to see Draco. "Go away Draco," Juliet snapped turning to run towards Percy. "I am going to tell father you are here," Draco said before running out the door.Juliet ran to Percy. "Percy! Draco saw me and ran to get my father," Juliet said breathlessly when she reached him."He can't get to you if he can't find you," said a voice from behind her. She turned to see Fred behind her with George coming out of the fireplace behind him."I'll take Juliet out the back door and meet you at Flourish and Blotts," Percy said."Who put you in charge?" George asked walking up."I am the oldest and," Percy started before being cut off by a man screaming as he entered the store."JULIET NARCISSA MALFOY!" Juliet heard as she spun around and to face none other than Lucius Malfoy."I'm sorry sir. I think you have me confused with someone else. That is not my name," Juliet responded before turning around. She would regret that."Why you ungrateful little," Lucius started to say as he grabbed her arm and spun her to face him. "You will regret that you said that." Lucius pulled his arm back and Juliet braced herself to be hit. It wouldn't have been the first time that Lucius had hit her, but the hit never came. Juliet opened her eyes only to see that Percy had placed himself between her and Malfoy."Stand aside. She is my daughter," Lucius said staring at Percy."I believe she said she didn't want to go with you," Percy said not budging from in front of Juliet. "Fred and George, take Juliet the store. We will meet you there.""She isn't going anywhere," Lucius said reaching around Percy and grabbing Juliet."Let me go," Juliet screamed, while kicking and wailing around."Stop and stand still!" Lucius exclaimed trying to hold her still. "Marcus, come contain your future wife."As if on cue Marcus Flint walked in and wrapped Juliet in his arms and restrained her. "Are you going to calm down?" Juliet shook her head yes. Marcus let her go and Juliet spun on her heels and spit in his face. She went to run but Marcus grabbed her arm and smacked her so hard she fell to the ground. She laid there for a few moments before she felt someone pick her up. She braced herself for another hit, but it never came."I'm not going to hit you," came a soft voice. Juliet opened her eyes to see a boy about Fred and George's age. He held out his hand to help her up. "I'm Oliver Wood.""Juliet," Juliet said taking his hand and getting up. She looked behind him and saw Mrs. Weasley yelling at Lucius and Marcus."So is what Mr. Malfoy said true?" he asked looking at her."Which part? The being my father part? Unfortunately, he did raise me," Juliet replied brushing herself off."I meant you being engaged to Flint," he said staring at her."O," Juliet said looking at her feet. "That was my father's doing. I want nothing to do with it."Just then Percy came back over. "Are you alright?""Yes I am fine," Juliet replied holding her hand over where Marcus's hand had hit her skin."Well now that you are in more than capable hands. I'll see you at school Percy. Nice meeting you Juliet," Oliver said before leaving."Is your face alright?" Percy asked, lifting Juliet's head."It's fine. I feel like we should leave before they come back in," Juliet answered glancing outside."Everything is fine. Mum told Lucius that you are shopping with us and then we will go to the train. I don't know how well that is going," Percy said smirking.Juliet looked around Percy and out the window. Sure enough, it didn't look like the conversation was going well. Both were yelling at the other. Flint on the other hand was staring through the window at Juliet, smirking."I despise him," Juliet said glaring at Marcus."He isn't exactly the best man to be around," Fred said appearing behind Juliet."You obviously haven't met Draco," Juliet said, watching Mrs. Weasley and her father closely."If he is anything like his father, I don't want to," George said."Who is to say I am not worse?" came a voice from behind."Hello, Draco," Juliet said without turning around."Father is beyond mad at you. If I were you, I would go out there and apologize and leave with us now; and then, maybe, he won't punish you as severely," Draco said walking around to the front of Juliet."And if I don't?" Juliet asked crossing her arms."You know how father is. Do you really want to test him?"Juliet frowned at this statement. She knew exactly how her father was. If she didn't go with him, he would make her life hell and treat her worse than the house elves."Ignore him Juliet," she heard George's voice."No he is right. I better just go with them now. If I don't, things will only be worse for me later on. I will see you all on the train," Juliet said before exiting the store."No young man should lay his hand on a child. I don't care if they are to be married," Mrs. Weasley was yelling at Lucius."I don't care what you say. She is my daughter and I will say what can and cannot happen to her," Lucius retaliated."Excuse me?" Juliet piped in trying to make her presence known."What child?! Can you not see we are talking?" Lucius asked glaring at her."I just came out to thank Mrs. Weasley for her kindness to me and to tell you that I will be going with you and Draco until we leave for Hogwarts," Juliet said with a mute expression."Well then, I am glad you see reason my child. I will go inside and fetch your brother, and then we will be off," Lucius said before glaring at Mrs. Weasley and walking inside."Do you know what you are doing my child?" Mrs. Weasley asked, looking concerned."I do. I thank you from the depths of my heart, for everything you have done for me. If I don't go with him now, things will be much worse later. I do; however, have a favor to ask. Can you take care of Scarlett for me? I fear for her safety while I am away." Juliet said with a pleading look."Of course I will dear. The door of the Burrow is always open to you," Mrs. Weasley said before pulling Juliet into a hug."JULIET!" A voice hollered."COMING!" She shouted back. "Thank you so much Mrs. Weasley," she said before turning and running to where Lucius and Draco stood."Smart choice my child," Lucius said squeezing Juliet's shoulder so hard that she had to hold back a cry of pain. "Now, most of your school supplies have been bought. The only thing left is your wands.""Yes, Sir," Juliet answered just looking at her feet.Soon they entered Ollivander's. It took about ten minutes, and Draco had his wand. It was 10" precisely, Hawthorn wood and with a unicorn hair core. Juliet's wand; however, took some more time."Try this one Miss Malfoy," Ollivander said handing Juliet another wand. Juliet waived it and the glass vase across the room exploded. "Not that one." Mr. Ollivander walked into the back of the store and paused staring at a shelf of wands. He slowly pulled one out and brought it up to the front. He walked around the counter and handed Juliet a wand. "Ashburn wood with a Phoenix feather core." At her touch, the wand began to glow. "Seems we have found you a wand, Miss Malfoy. I thought this wand would never find an owner, but now it has. Take good care of it Miss Malfoy. It will take very good care of you.""Thank You, Mr. Ollivander," Juliet said with a curtsy. She handed him some money and then walked out the door to meet Lucius and Draco."We have one more stop to make," Lucius said as they walked down Diagon Alley. "Here we are. You both will choose one pet to take with you to school."Juliet looked up to see a pet store. Draco was already inside looking at a black owl. Juliet walked around looking at the array of animals. According to her school list, she could only take an owl, a cat, or a toad. She walked over to the kittens when she saw it. There was a black kitten with white paws. The kitten looked at Juliet and started meowing. Juliet walked over to the cage and stuck her fingers through the bar. The kitten walked right up to the edge and started to lick her fingers."She has taken a liking to you. I didn't think she would ever like anyone," A female voice said from behind her.Juliet turned to see a middle aged woman; someone who she assumed was the owner of the store."How much is she?" Juliet asked."Free. No one else wants her," The woman said politely."Father," Juliet called. "Father, come see. I have found my pet."Lucius was there in moments to see what Juliet had found. "A kitten?" He said. "Why a kitten? Why not something you can actually use?" came Draco's voice from behind her."Father said we can have a pet of our choice," Juliet said glaring at him. "Father, may I please get her?" Juliet said holding the kitten close to her."I don't see why not. You are allowed a cat at school. How much is she," Lucius asked looking at the woman."She is free. I have had issues trying to sell her. She likes your daughter. Your daughter can keep her," the woman said before walking away."Alright then, Go pick out a collar then, Juliet. Maybe a cage as well," Lucius said looking down at her."Yes, Father," Juliet said with a curtsy before running to the collars. She picked out a pale blue collar that had a small matching leash. She then went over to the cages and grabbed a plain black one and a small blue pillow for inside of it."All set, Father," Juliet said returning to Lucius."Looks like we are ready, Draco, where is your owl?" Lucius asked looking for Draco."Right here, Father," Draco said, walking up to the counter.They paid the woman and left the store. Juliet held on to her kitten tight so she wouldn't lose her. "I'll call you Nightshade," Juliet whispered in the kitten's ear. The kitten just purred contentedly in her arms and fell asleep. In a matter of moments they were at the platform barrier."Now you have to run at the wall to get to the train," Lucius said."You must be joking?" Juliet said. She knew he wasn't."No, I am not. I will go with Draco. You follow directly behind us. And I mean directly. If you are more than 5 seconds behind us, then I will punish you," Lucius said."Yes, sir," Juliet said, staring at her feet. She knew he would; and the punishment wouldn't be as simple as no horseback riding for a week. It would be something far worse.Lucius and Draco took off running at the barrier and Juliet followed on their heels. As she approached the wall she closed her eyes, afraid that she might just smack into the wall. After a few seconds, she opened her eyes and saw the Hogwarts Express. This magnificent train would take her away from the Malfoys, minus Draco, for a whole school year. She couldn't wait. She walked over to where Draco and Lucius stood waiting for her."Good girl," Lucius said looking down at her. "Now, let us get your stuff on the train."They walked over to a compartment and loaded it with her and Draco's things. The conductor blew his whistle to cue everyone to get aboard."Now, Draco take care of your sister," Lucius said looking at Draco. Juliet knew he meant, make sure she does nothing stupid. "Juliet, you will listen to your brother and those above you. You will respect Marcus, and do whatever he tells you to. He is your fiancé, act like it.""Yes, sir," Juliet said curtsying. "Goodbye, Father," She said without looking up. She boarded the train and heard Draco mutter a goodbye and board behind her. She know that Lucius had given him strict instructions on how she was supposed to act."So who will I be sitting with?" Juliet said after the train took off."I don't care what you do; as long as, you stay away from me. I can't make friends with my baby sister around," Draco said before walking away."You, Draco Lucius Malfoy, are a jerk," Juliet called after him.Juliet walked the train looking for a peaceful place to sit, but found none. She looked in the compartment windows and saw older kids, maybe third or fourth years. She wondered aimlessly for about ten minutes before she saw familiar red hair. It was Fred or George, she wasn't too sure. She glanced in the window and saw many people in the compartment, including the one that had helped her after Marcus hit her. She was about to walk away when Oliver Wood turned his head and spotted her."HEY," He called after her opening the compartment door."O, Hello Oliver," Juliet said with a curtsy and looking down at her feet."Why don't you sit with us?" He asked walking up to her."It is not my place, sir," She replied still starring at her feet."Says who? And I wish you would look at me," He said, lifting her chin up to look her in the eyes. "There now I can actually see you.""I was taught that it is not my place to sit with all men; and that, I should never look a man in the eyes," Juliet said looking now at his shirt."Yes, but if you look down, then no one will ever see those beautiful eyes of yours. Now please come sit with us," He said holding out his hand.Juliet was to shocked to speak. Did she just receive a compliment? One that wasn't from someone Lucius wanted her to be with. She simply nodded and took his hand. They walked into the compartment together and took a seat."Oi, Oliver! You have only known the girl for half a day and you are holding her hand?" Fred asked. The whole compartment started to laugh; as, Oliver threw a book at Fred.Juliet looked down and blushed. Sure enough, she still had her hand in his. She quickly released it when the door threw open."Hey Wood! What are you doing with my girl?" Juliet looked up and saw that the voice belonged to Marcus Flint. She looked away quickly and hid her tears."Get out of here Flint, before," Oliver started."Before what, Wood? You won't do anything. Now I am taking my lovely, fiancée over there back to my compartment," Marcus said before stepping the compartment and holding out his hand.Juliet kept her gaze on the floor and took his hand. Lucius's warning ringing in her ear."That's a good girl," Marcus said with a smirk.They had only exited the compartment when Juliet was knocked to the ground. She felt the sting of where she was sure there was a hand print. She felt herself yanked up and slammed against the wall."If you ever pull that again, You will regret the day you were born. Got it?" Marcus sneered.But before Juliet could answer, Marcus was pulled away and slammed against a wall. Juliet slid down the wall and drew her knees to her. She didn't even look up at what was happening. She knew, that either the Weasley twins or Oliver Wood was putting the fear of God into Marcus Flint. She tuned in at the end of the conversation."If you ever, lay a harming hand on her again, I will beat you to the pulp you are. Now get out of here and leave her alone," a voice sneered.Juliet heard footsteps running away from where she was curled up. She felt a gentle hand on her shoulder and looked up to see Oliver Wood."Are you alright?" He asked helping her up."I am fine. I have experienced far worse than that before," She said standing."Well, not at Hogwarts you won't. Flint has been warned. I won't let anyone lay a hand on you," Oliver said helping her back into the compartment."And neither will we," The twins said in unison."You barely know me, yet you are all willing to protect me."You bet we are," Fred said."It is never right for a man to lay his hand on a female," George said."Plus it is Flint. He deserves what is coming to him," Fred said with a laugh."How did you end up in a mess like this," Oliver asked looking at her."It is a rather long story," she replied staring at the floor."Well, we have time," George said."We definitely do. We have about four more hours till we need to change," Fred said laying back on one of the benches."Well, alright then," Juliet said. She told them everything, from her childhood to the present."So Lucius promised you to Marcus, even though he knows he has no right?" Oliver asked"Yes. I don't want that. I want to fall in love and meet the person that can make me happy forever, but I have been forbidden to do so," Juliet replied."That is horrible," Oliver said."It is, but it is my life. I believe we should go change into robs now," Juliet said looking out the window."We will accompany you, just in case. The boys are right across the hall. One of us could stand guard, in case Flint tries something," Oliver stammered."Alright," Juliet said with a smile.The rest of the ride was uneventful. They changed and made it back to their compartment safely, without any Marcus sightings and without seeing Draco. They train came to the station and they all started to exit."Juliet, you will be going with the rest of the first years. We will meet you at school. I really do hope you are in Gryffindor," Oliver said before turning and leaving.Juliet smiled and walked over to where the rest of the first years were. They were to take boats over across the lake. Juliet hurried into a boat to avoid Draco. She ended up sitting with a girl with brown, frizzy hair, who she found out was a know-it-all named Hermione, Ron and a boy who she realized was Harry Potter."O my, you are.." Juliet started but Ron cut her off. "Yes Juliet it is.""Juliet. I am very glad to meet you. I'm just glad I got to before my brother," Juliet said holding out her hand."Who is your brother?" Harry asked."You'll have the displeasure, I'm sure, of meeting him later," Juliet said, glancing over at the boat her brother occupied.The boats reached shore not too long after. They all carefully got out of their boats and walked up the hill to the castle. Hagrid, who Juliet learned is the gamekeeper, opened the large doors and told them all to go on in. "You will meet your first professor very shortly," he said before closing the doors behind them. They all looked around at entrance way."Good Evening," a female voice came.They all looked up on the stairs. There stood an older woman with spectacles."I am Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor house and Professor of Transfiguration. In just a few moments you will be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. While you are here, your house is like your family. Do well and you will earn points, any rule breaking and you will lose points," She said before walking through a door behind you."It's true then, what they are saying on the train, Harry Potter has returned to Hogwarts," Draco's voice came. "I'm Draco, Draco Malfoy."Ron snickered.'Think my name is funny do you? No need to ask yours. Red-hair and a hand-me-down robe, you must be a Weasley," Draco said glaring at Ron. "You'll soon find out that some wizarding families are better than other, Potter. I can help you there," Draco said extending his hand."I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself, thanks," Harry said just staring at him.At this point McGonagall had returned. "They are ready for you follow me."The doors opened wide into a great hall. Juliet's looked around in amazement, and then she heard Hermione muttering something about it wasn't the real night sky. They walked up to the front where there was a stool sitting with an old hat on it."When I call your name, you will come forward and I will place the hat on your head," McGonagall said holding the hat.Juliet was too busy looking around for the twins and Oliver that she almost missed her name being called. She snapped to just to hear that Draco had been sorted into Slytherin."Juliet Malfoy," McGonagall called.Juliet walked carefully up to the stool and sat on it. McGonagall sat the hate on her head and Juliet heard whispering in her hear."A Black? O how I always wandered when I would sort another one. Should I place you in Slytherin like the rest of your ancestors?" The hat questioned."No!" Juliet screamed in her mind."No? Why not? Your whole line but your father was in Slytherin. Want to follow in his footsteps then? Alright then, GRYFFINDOR!" The hat screamed.Juliet stepped down off the platform and ran right to Fred, George and Oliver, who made a spot for her between them. Juliet stole a look at Draco, who looked rather mad. Juliet looked at him inquisitively and he mouthed back at her, "Father is going to be very mad at you." Juliet wondered why. She didn't pick her house. The hat did. The sorting did. So why would her father be mad at her?The rest of the feast went pretty uneventful. Harry, Ron and Hermione were all sorted into Gryffindor as well. As soon as they all were sorted, Dumbledore laid down a few ground rules, like forbidden woods, etc. Food appeared over in front of them all, and students began to dig in. Juliet took a little bit of food, so she would not over eat. Everyone made conversation and got a laugh when the house ghost, Sir Nicholas, scared Ron.When all the food was gone, the Prefects, led the first years to the common room and their dormitories. Apparently during the feast, their stuff was brought up. Juliet bid the boys goodnight. She was so exhausted from the day that she went upstairs, changed into her pajamas and fell asleep on top of her covers.

Author's Note: Between Work, School, and rehearsals I am stretched very thin. Work is not busy so I am going to try and write a few chapters during my work day and post them. And hopefully I will be able to write this weekend while I am gone on Vacation. I do not own Harry Potter.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N -T-O- L-O-V-EJuliet woke up early the next day; she wanted to look her absolute best. She knew that with in time, she would be able to use magic to help her get ready, but for now she had to get ready without the use of magic. At home she would have had the house elves at her disposal, which she would only use when it was something too difficult to get ready for alone. She grabbed a towel and her uniform out of her trunk and walked into the bathroom. She was not the only one who thought it would be wise to get an early start."Oh, Good Morning Hermione," Juliet said with a little bit of shock in her voice."Good Morning Juliet," Hermione said. "I figured it would be wise to get an early start. This is a huge place and I am sure it will take some time to find all of our classes.""My thoughts exactly," Juliet smiled.Both Girls continued to talk as they continued to get ready."Juliet, can I ask you a question," Hermione asked as they both emerged from the bathroom ready for their first day of class."Of course you can," Juliet smiled back."You don't have to answer if you think I am prying," Hermione started."Hermione, you can ask me anything you want. I won't hide anything. Lying is not a good base for a friendship," Juliet said placing her hand on Hermione's shoulder."Why did your brother tell you your father was going to be mad at you after you were sorted into Gryffindor?" Hermione asked look at her shoes."It is a complicated story Hermione. Why don't we grab out books and talk about it over breakfast?" Juliet asked, walking over to her trunk and opening it."I like that idea. I suddenly realized I am rather hungry, Hermione responded while grabbing her backpack of books off her bed."Well let's go then," Juliet started as she walked over to the door and opened it. "We have a lot to talk about."Juliet and Hermione walked down to the great hall, talking and laughing the entire way. When they reached the Great Hall, there were a few students sitting and eating breakfast. Juliet stole a glance at the Slytherin's table to see if Draco or Marcus were anywhere in site and then sighed in relief when she saw that the whole table was empty."I guess not many people like to get up early," Hermione stated sitting down."Or they all stayed up really late catching up with their friends," Juliet said sitting across from Hermione. "Do you want the short version or the long version?""Considering the time we have, why don't you give me the short version and then later you can fill in details," Hermione said grabbing a piece of toast."Sounds like a plan to me, "Juliet said grabbing herself some eggs and a piece of toast.Juliet sat there and explained for her life for what seemed hours, only stopping to say good morning or to answer one of Hermione's questions, which there were many of. As if right on cue, the Twins and Oliver Wood appeared when she was talking about the train and sat on either side of her."So apparently, I now have three body guards," Juliet finished jokingly."Yes, you do, and us three would not have it any other way. Right George? Fred said putting a protective arm around Juliet."Exactly, Fred," George said with a grin."And now that you are in Gryffindor, we can keep an eye on you even better," Oliver said. "I mean Marcus is not allowed in our common room," he finished as Juliet gave him a confused look."I hadn't thought about th.." Juliet started,but she was cut off by someone screaming her name."JULIET NARCISSA MALFOY!" She recognized that voice anywhere."O no," Juliet muttered as she paled. She just sat there staring at her plate praying that it was a bad dream but she knew it was not.Within moments she was yanked to her feet and spun around to face none other but Lucius Malfoy, who glared down at her with his cold eyes."Good Morning, Father," Juliet said curtsying and staring down at her feet, avoiding looking him in the eyes. She knew that Draco had wrote their father and told him that she had not been sorted into Slytherin, and there was no doubt in her mind that he had been told what had happen on the train. She could see the boys' feet out of the corners of her eyes and saw that they had come to stand on either side of her."Boys, this is a matter between my daughter and I. This does not concern you," Lucius said grabbing Juliet's arm and pulling her towards the entrance hall. Juliet knew she was in trouble and continued to stare at the ground as she braced herself to be hit. "Gryffindor! Of all the houses for you to be placed in Gryffindor!""I don't understand, Father. We do not pick our houses. The hat does," Juliet said softly."You know full well that you have some say in where the hat puts you. Don't try and play me for a fool child I went to school here," Lucius said coming to a halt. "And what happened on the train? You know I already know so you might as well tell me.""I don't know what you are talk…," Juliet started, but before she could finish she felt a hit across her cheek and fell to the ground with tears burning in her eyes. She pressed her hand against her cheek and instantly knew she had a cut and was bleeding. She looked up at her father, with fire in her eyes, and saw that he had his cane poised to strike again."Again, what happened on the train and do not lie to me," Lucius said."I told you.." but her words were cut off by another smack. She did not know how much more she could take before she broke down. She saw Lucius raise his cane and closed her eyes and braced for another hit but it never came. She risked a look and saw that someone was in front of her, a woman."I do not care what you do in your own house Mr. Malfoy, but in this school you will not harm students. Especially a member of my house," her voice came. Juliet recognized it at Professor McGonagall."She is my daughter, Minerva, and I will do as I see fit, Lucius snarled back."Wood!" McGonagall called, and on cue Oliver was at her side. "Please take Miss Malfoy to the hospital wing so that Madam Pomfry can patch up that scratch and then please escort her to my class.""Yes Professor," Wood said before offering his hand to Juliet and helping her up."We will finish this later girl," Lucius sneered. "And as for a member of the Gryffindor house, Minerva, we will see if that lasts.""The hat placed her in Gryffindor, Lucius," Juliet heard Professor McGonagall start, but could not hear the rest of what she said as they were out of range to hear."Are you alright?" Wood asked gently leading her to the Hospital Wing."I am use to it," Juliet said looking down."I really wish you would not look down so much. It is not a crime for you to look at someone in the eyes," Wood said turning to face her."It is how I raised," Juliet said lifting her head to look at him."You are home, Juliet. No one will allow harm to come to you here," He said placing his hand on her cheek where she had been hit. "How is it that one so young has suffered so much and is so strong?""I am not strong, Oliver," Juliet said looking down trying to hide her tears."Yes, you are. It is not a crime to cry, Juliet. You do not need to look away just because of it. Even the strongest people need to cry sometimes," Oliver said pulling her into a hug. After a few moments he released her. "Now let us get you fixed up and off to class. You don't want to be late o your first class do you?"Juliet just shook her head no and then continued to follow Oliver to the Hospital Wing.It took Madame Pomfry a matter of seconds to patch up her cheek and she was off to class. Oliver walked her to class and they talked about different things, she knew he was trying to distract her from the morning's events. Soon they were at the Transfiguration Class room."I guess you will be safe now. Professor McGonagall is your teacher, she will watch over you. She is the head of or house. Just travel in packs. Fred, George and I are right down the hall in our class and they let out at the same time. See you later?" Wood Said with a smile."Of Course. Goodbye," Juliet said before entering the classroom. She quickly spotted Hermione and walked over and sat down next to her."Are you alright?" Hermione whispered."I am fine. I would rather not talk about it," Juliet whispered pulling out her book and turning to look at the board. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Draco Staring at her. She turned and looked at him."I am sorry," He mouthed."No you are not," Juliet mouthed back before returning to her work before her. The rest of the class went without a hitch, minus Harry and Ron storming in about ten minutes after she got there."Miss Malfoy," Professor McGonagall called as she began to exit the room."Go ahead, Hermione. I will catch up," Juliet said before turning around. "Yes Professor?""Professor Dumbledore has asked me to please ask you if you would prefer to be moved to Slytherin house," She said looking at her over her spectacles."I would very much like to stay in Gryffindor, Professor," Juliet said looking at her."So be it. Welcome to Gryffindor. Should you need anything or anyone to talk to, do not hesitate to come to me. You are dismissed," she said, sitting in her chair."Thank you Professor," Juliet said with a curtsy, before turning around to leave. She paused at the door and turned back around. "Professor, I wanted to thank you for earlier. Not many people would ever stand up to my father like that.""My Child, you are in my house. I protect those in my house as if they were my own. And no man should ever raise his hand against a woman, especially a child. I am just glad that Wood came and fetched me," McGonagall said with a smile.Juliet smiled one last time at McGonagall and exited the classroom. She looked around and made sure that there was no one there and walked to her next class. The rest of her classes went on without any issues, well any issues involving her that is. Draco decided to be, well Draco and show off. He almost got Harry Potter in trouble, when all he really did was get Harry added to the quidditch team.During Dinner, Juliet was sitting at the Gryffindor table, with Hermione Across from her and the boys on either side of her, when Marcus Flint made an appearance for the first time since the train."What do you want, Flint?" Oliver sneered."I do actually think that is none of your concern, Wood. As you might want to remember you are sitting next to my fiancé (Juliet flinched at the sound of him saying that), or have you forgotten already?" He asked glaring down at Oliver. "Juliet, I thought we would eat dinner together and then go for a walk afterwards.""No, thank you. I just ate and Hermione and I would like to get a start on our homework from the today," Juliet said politely staring down at her plate. "Best to always have things completed early, so you are not rushing to get them all done.""Well, fine then. Another night perhaps," Marcus said before storming off."Why do you let him make you feel inferior?" Fred asked."It is the way I was raised, Fred. Women are all inferior to men. They are property and are to do as they are told. I will probably get in trouble for that," Juliet said glancing over to the Slytherin table."Can I have a word?" a voice came behind her."Draco, I do not want to look at you let alone speak to you. Let's go do our homework, Hermione. Boys, we will see you in the common room," Juliet said standing up and walking out of the Great Hall with Hermione behind her."Come on Juliet. We are family," Draco said chasing after her."No Draco, we are not. You are supposed to be my brother but yet you never pass up an opportunity to have me beaten, "Juliet said continuing to walk."I am sorry," Draco replied, running to keep up."You are never sorry, Draco. You say it all the time yet you continue to do the same thing over and over again," Juliet retorted."I am really sorry this time. I did not know Father would show up here," Draco responded stopping his stride."How could you have not known, Draco? Father always reacts this way when it comes to me doing something I am not supposed to. He asked for me to be moved to Slytherin house with you and Marcus. Luckily, I am allowed to stay in the house I was sorted into. I want to be able to make my own friends and make my own decisions without my brother spying and reporting on every little thing I do, "Juliet said turning to face him. "How is it that people in my house can't even sit and listen to how I have been treated and hit, when they barely know me, yet my own brother, who has seen it every day of our lives, will hand me over to the wolves just because he can?""I am sorry Juliet. I really am. Please, forgive me. I will never do it again. I won't tell father anything. I will lie and say that you have been doing everything you should," Draco pleaded."I cannot believe you this time, Draco. You will have to prove it to me. Maybe in time, you will see as I see and understand everything," Juliet said before turning and walking in the portrait hole."Are you ok?" Hermione's voice came."Yes, I am. I should have done that a long time ago," Juliet said sitting down at a table that their books were on."Well, let's…." Hermione started but she was cut off by three boys running into the common room."Juliet, are you ok, we saw Malfoy running away from the portrait?" all three managed to breathe."I am perfectly capable of handling my brother," Juliet snapped, standing up. "I am sorry, I don't know why I just said that," she stammered when she saw the boys hurt expressions. "Excuse me," she said hiding her face and then running up to her room."What did you three do to her?" she heard Percy's voice come before she closed the door and jumped on her bed burying her face in her pillow, letting tears stream down her face.She could not understand why everyone thought she was so strong. Yes, she could stand up for herself and yes, she was outspoken; but, she was just a child. She couldn't protect herself against her Father and she can't always be strong. Juliet laid in her bed just crying thinking about everything that had happened that day and drifted into, what she hoped to be, a dreamless sleep.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N-T-O-L-O-V-EOk so here is a lovely Chapter for all of you to read. I am going on Vacation this weekend and Hopefully will be able to write a chapter and then type it up on Monday

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: Hey guys I'm back. For any new readers…(I have encountered issues on other stories of mine.) Most, if not all, of my stories I started writing while I was in middle school. I'm now in college and I am learning to write better. As easy as it would be to pull every chapter and fix the mistakes it takes more time and I would probably change things, which would then cause my other readers to have to re-read.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EJuliet was walking down the street, of what she thought was Diagon Alley, peering in shops and down alley ways for anyone she might know. It was getting increasingly dark and not only did she not know exactly where she was, but she was alone and had no idea how to get home. At the end of the road, Juliet saw a woman caring a small child while holding the hand of a small little boy. The woman had red hair, the little boy at her side had dark brown hair, while the little girl she was carrying had light brown hair with a tint of red to it."Excuse me?" Juliet said walking towards the woman. The woman glanced over her shoulder, as if she heard Juliet, but continued to walk on."Please! Can you help me? I don't know how to get home," Juliet said running after her. "Can't you hear me?" Juliet asked as she reached the woman. "Hello?" But the woman kept walking on, glancing behind her every few seconds, as if she thought she was being followed. Juliet followed her to a house that was in the town but a little away from the street that Juliet thought was Diagon Alley. The woman walked into the house and shut the door quickly. Juliet slid in the door just before she closed it."James, we are back," the woman called."Lily, what took so long? You know it is dangerous to be out so long," A man with black hair and glasses said as he walked into the foyer."I know dear, but it isn't fair to keep them locked up all the time in here. They are children they need to play outside sometimes," Lily responded, placing the little girl down."I know dear," James said before kissing her forehead. "I just wish it was safer.""So do I," Lily said as she watched the children play on the floor. They stood there for a moment in silence before Lily spoke, "I guess I should get the children ready for bed. Come children it is bath time." Lily walked over the children and picked up the boy."Mummy, no," the little boy cried."You can play with her tomorrow. She is not going anyway. Remember, Juliet is staying with us for a while."Juliet almost fainted at the sound of her name. It couldn't be her could it? Juliet walked over to the little girl and looked at her. She had the same hair color, and her eyes were the same icy blue as hers. Juliet exhaled a breath of shock. She was staring at herself as a baby, but were these her parents? Where were her real ones?"Come, Juliet, it is your turn to take a bath," James said as he picked Juliet up."Unky James," little Juliet said, pointing out the window behind them."Yes darling?" James said look wear she was pointing."Bad man," little Juliet said over and over again."Lily!" James screamed. "Lily he has found us!"Lily ran into the room. "How? How did he find us," She asked panicked and taking Juliet from James."I don't know. Take the kids Lily. I will try to fight him off," James said drawing his wand."James, you can't fight him. Let's just grab the kids and run," Lily said grabbing his arm."Lily, we can't run he will follow us and he may have the house surrounded. Go. Hide the Children," James said giving her a kiss. "I love you Lily Potter.""And I love you James Potter," Lily said before running up the stairs.She ran up the stairs and hid Juliet in the closet of her and James' room and then ran to the nursery. Juliet followed her into the nursery. She could hear the sounds of James fighting someone downstairs. Then she heard it, the sound of a body hitting the stairs and someone walking up them. Lily slammed the nursery door shut and licked it, knowing that it would do no good. She ran over to the crib and started talking to the little boy. "Harry, you are so loved. Mama loves you, dada loves you. Be strong, Harry. And remember you are loved." At that point the door flew open and there stood a man. Lily stood between the man and the little boy not moving."Move aside and I will let you live," He demanded."No!" Lily said standing her ground, "I will not let you murder my son." Lily reached for her wand, but was too late; in a flash of green light she was dead. Harry was screaming, and Juliet could hear her child-self screaming as well. The man turned his wand on the little boy and Juliet began to scream. She ran from the room, not wanting to witness what was about to happen. She found little her on the stairs crying over James Potter's body.'Unky James, wake up," She cried but to no avail. James laid there his eyes wide open and his body was ridged. The Potters were Juliet's family. She had lived with them, and she was there the night everything happened. She was just in another room.Juliet jumped up in bed, crying for the nightmare she just had. "Was it a nightmare? Or was it a memory?" She thought to herself. She looked out the window and noticed that the sun was slowly rising. She decided to get up and get herself ready for the school day ahead of her.She got out of bed and grabbed her school uniform and her shower things and ran into the bathroom. She tried and tried to put the nightmare she had from her mind but to no avail. Slowly, tears slid down her face. She had been there the night that Harry's parent's had died. Worse than that, she was part of his family and she didn't know if she should tell him. Could she trust the twins and Oliver with this or should she keep it to herself? She continued to fight with herself in her mind on what she should do until she was ready for school. The sun had finished rising and her roommates were starting to wake up and get ready themselves."You are up early, Juliet," Hermione said getting out of her bed."I woke up and just decided to get dressed," Juliet said not looking at her. She did not want Hermione to see that she had been crying. "I am just going to go down and get some breakfast," She said as she grabbed her backpack and walked out of the room. She prayed that she wouldn't see Harry except for in class that day. She knew if she saw him she would start crying.She walked into the Great Hall and saw that there were maybe about four students awake at this hour and ready to eat breakfast before school. Juliet looked down and started to walk toward the middle of the Gryffindor table when she walked into someone."Watch where you are going," She heard a stern voice. "O, I am sorry Juliet I didn't realize it was you." Juliet recognized the voice as Percy's and continued to look down at her feet."I am sorry Percy," Juliet said staring down at her feet."What's wrong, Juliet? Did my brothers do something," Percy asked. Juliet just shook her head. "Did Marcus or Malfoy do something?""No Percy, I'm just not having a good morning," Juliet said before walking around him."If you need someone to talk to I am here," Percy whispered as she walked by him."Thank you," Juliet responded before finding herself a seat in the middle of the table.She grabbed a piece of toast and put a little bit of butter on it. She knew she wasn't hungry but she had to force herself to eat something or she would collapse before lunch. She bit into her toast and then began to read one of her school books. She was sitting there for what seemed like hours when the hall began to get louder. She looked around and realized that a lot of students had begun to come in and it was only a matter of time before someone would arrive and ask her what was wrong. She stole a glance over at the Slytherin table and saw Draco looking at her, his face showing concern."Are you ok," he mouthed to her. She forced a weak smile and then turned back to her empty plate. She needed to at least look like she is eating but before she could even grab the spoon to put a little bit of eggs on her plate she heard a voice from behind her."You need to eat something," the voice came. Juliet turned and saw the concerned face of her brother."I am not hungry, Draco. Besides I ate a piece of toast," Juliet responded before returning to her book."Something is wrong. What happened, Juls? You are pale your eyes are puffy and you are not eating?" Draco said sitting next to her."I am fine, Draco. I just had a bad dream again that is all," Juliet said not turning her attention from her book."Again? I thought they had stopped?" Draco asked concerned."Nightmares can happen at any time, Draco. Besides, this was a different one and I do not feel like talking about it," Juliet said staring at her book trying not to cry."Juliet, I am your brother you can speak to me," Draco said placing his hand on her shoulder."I don't want to talk to anyone right now, Draco," she said shrugging his hand off her shoulder."I was just trying to be nice," Draco said looking angry."Just go away!" Juliet said raising her voice."What is wrong?" Draco said not budging."I believe the lady asked you to leave," a voice said from behind her."This doesn't concern you, Wood," Draco said glaring over her shoulder."Actually, seeing you are at my house table and not your own, Malfoy, and seeing that your sister is a Gryffindor, it does make it my concern," Wood responded coming to stand next to her."Seeing as she is his sister and she is my fiancée, I think it concerns both of us," came the voice of Marcus Flint."She is not tied to you yet, Flint. She is still her own person," Wood came."She is still mine," Flint came. Juliet tried to hold her temper but she knew that she could barely hold her anger. The boys continued to go back and forth until she finally lost control."I belong to no one," Juliet said standing up."What did you say?" Flint said staring at her."I belong to no one! I belong to myself that is it, and another thing Flint. I will never marry you," Juliet said before grabbing her books and storming out of the Great Hall.

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: I don't own Harry Potter; I so wish I did though.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EJuliet walked out of the Great Hall as quickly as she could. She heard Flint say something about her father as she walked out, but she didn't care. They were all standing there arguing over her like she was a piece of property. She was a human being not property to be bought or sold. She was so lost in her thoughts that she walked right into someone as she turned the corner."I'm so sorry. I wasn't looking where I was going," Juliet said bending over to pick up her books."You are fine. Here let me help," The voice came. Juliet saw a hand and decided to at least see who she bumped into."Harry!" Juliet exclaimed looking back down as she stood up."Yes that is me," Harry said handing her the last book she had dropped. She wanted to tell him everything, she wanted to let him know that he wasn't alone, but before she could open her mouth she was cut off."Miss Malfoy," A voice came. Juliet turned to see Professor Dumbledore."Yes, Professor," Juliet said curtsying and looking at the ground."Would please be so kind and come with me," Dumbledore said before turning and walking away."Yes, Professor," Juliet responded with another curtsy."O, Miss Malfoy, please do not curtsy, I do not think it is necessary here," Dumbledore said peering over his shoulder."See you later Harry," Juliet said not looking at him and walking after Dumbledore.Within minutes they had arrived at the Headmaster's office. He quietly said the password and entered the office with Juliet following closely behind her."I bet you are wondering why I have asked to talk to you," Dumbledore said as he sat at his desk. "Please be seated," he said has he motioned to the chair across from him."Does it have something to do with my father?" Juliet asked sitting on the chair across from him."Actually, no. It has something to do with you. I hear a great deal of things that happen in this castle, especially, from my staff. I had a nice conversation with Minerva last night and I overheard the argument in the Great Hall this morning," Dumbledore said staring at her over his spectacles."I am sorry about that, sir. I lost my temper and I should not have," Juliet started with tears welling in her eyes."These dreams you have been having, they wouldn't have anything to do with you and a certain other Gryffindor would they?" He asked but Juliet knew he already knew the answer."Yes, sir. They do," Juliet said quietly holding back the tears in her eyes."I know what the dreams are my dear. They are of the night everything happened," Dumbledore said glancing out the window. Juliet just nodded her head. "I have no doubt that you have plenty of questions.""I do, sir. How did I end up at the Malfoys? Who are my real parents?" Juliet said looking at him."All in due time my dear. For now, I think you need to have a conversation with young Mr. Potter," He started. "But you do not have to tell him everything, just tell him what you would like," He added seeing the pain on her face. "Maybe this is something you two could grieve together. After all you did just find out, that as a child you watched your Godparents die.""Sir, can I ask you something?" Juliet said looking at her feet."By all means dear," Dumbledore responded with a twinkle in his eye."I wish to stay in Gryffindor and stay in the castle as much as possible. Is there a problem with that?" Juliet said looking at him."No, there isn't. If your father has any issue with it, I will tell him that I feel Gryffindor is the perfect place for you. You have many friends in Gryffindor. They will take very good care of you and protect you. Now, off to class," He responded before sending her out the door.Juliet walked out of the Headmaster's office without another word. She was stunned. How had he known of her dream? How did he know that she did not know if she should tell Harry? Juliet's thoughts distracted her the entire way to her first class, Defense Against the Dark Arts."Ah, Miss Malfoy," Professor Quirrell said as she entered."Sorry Professor, I was," She started to explain."In the Headmaster's office. I am aware. He sent me a message," he responded when he saw her confused look. "Take your seat." Juliet walked over and sat down next to Hermione as Professor Quirrell returned to his lesson. Juliet only half listened, as Hermione had promised her that she could copy her notes later that evening. Juliet knew she more than likely knew most of it considering who her parents were.Her minds wondered through most of her classes. She kept glancing over at Harry and then out the window wondering when she would ever be able to actually talk to Harry in private. He was always surrounded by the other boys, and even though Wood and the Twins had backed off somewhat as her "bodyguards" they still did not like her out of there sight much. She knew she would have to pull him aside in the common room and she needed to do it soon.The day seemed to fly by; before Juliet knew it she was entering the Great Hall for dinner. She looked around and saw that Flint was watching her with his eyes as she moved through the hall. She spotted the Twins and Oliver but sat away from them. She still upset about how Oliver had acted. She was glad he stood up for her, but she could stand up for herself, she wasn't helpless. She sat down and put a little bit of food on her plate and picked at it."Are you alright, Juliet?" A voice came from next to her. She looked over to see Harry."I am fine, Harry. Why do you ask?" Juliet said looking down at her plate."Because you have barely eaten all day and look highly upset," Harry said.Juliet knew she was busted. He had been watching her throughout the day and noticed her odd behavior."I have just had a lot on my mind," She said, She wasn't lying, she just wasn't being truthful."Well, I am here if you want to talk," Harry said with a small smile."Thank you, Harry. I have to go. I need to find Hermione and borrow her notes from class today," she said getting up rather quickly and walking out of the Great Hall."See you in the common room," Harry called after her.She walked quickly from the Great Hall and headed towards the common room. When she was clear of the Great Hall, she ran as fast as she could. She knew in a matter of moments she was going to cry, and she hated people seeing her cry. She could see the portrait in the distance when she heard someone running after her calling her name. She saw a small alcove nearby and ducked in it to hide. She was in no mood to talk to anyone. She steadied her breath as the footsteps drew closer. Finally, she could see that Wood had followed her."I know you didn't go in the common room, Juliet. I just want to apologies for what happened at breakfast. I know you are no one's property. Flint just knows how to get under my skin. I know that doesn't give me a right to act how I did, but you make me feel like I am obligated to protect you. It is not your fault I feel like that at all, but," Wood rambled on. Juliet smirked from her spot and walked out from hiding."I forgive you," Juliet said trying to force a smile."I…. I didn't expect you to actually be out here," Wood stammered."I didn't know who was following me, and there are few people that I want to speak to right now," Juliet said looking at her feet."Am I on that list?" Wood asked."You weren't," Juliet said looking up and seeing hurt on his face. "That is until you apologized.""What is wrong today? You have hardly eaten and Ron said you didn't pay attention in any of your classes," Wood asked, concern covered his face."I just have a lot on my mind today," Juliet said. She heard laughing and footsteps and looked behind her. She could see Harry and Ron approaching them. Fear etched her face."Why don't we go change out of our uniforms and go for a walk?" Wood asked seeing the fear on her face. "We can talk.""Sure," Juliet said glancing at him. She stole one more glance at Harry and then walked with Oliver into the common room."Meet you back here in ten minutes?" he asked.Juliet nodded her head and smiled as they split ways to go to their dorms. Juliet heard the portrait open and ran upstairs to her room. She was about to close the door when she heard her name."Ron, have you noticed anything odd about Juliet today?" She heard Harry ask."She didn't eat today, but that isn't odd. When I first met her over the summer she hardly ate. I assumed it was just because of where she is from," Ron stated."What do you mean, where she is from?" Harry asked with confusion in his voice."She's a Malfoy. She is rich and probably is trying to stay small to fit in her expensive clothes. I don't understand why she is in Gryffindor," Ron said nonchalantly."I don't think that has anything to do with it. You heard how she talked to her brother this morning. He said something about nightmares returning. She is in Gryffindor because the hat placed her here and Dumbledore saw it fit to keep her in this house. I don't think we should double guess him," Harry stated."I am not sure, but something about that girl isn't right," Ron started.Juliet quietly closed the door and walked over to her trunk. She took a deep breath and then looked for her cloak and a change of clothes. She grabbed her simple blue dress and put it on. She grabbed her cloak and walked down into the common room."Juliet, can I talk to you?" Harry's voice came as she stepped off the last step."I was about to take a walk with Oliver around the grounds," Juliet stated not looking up. She did not want him to see the hurt in her eyes from his and Ron's previous conversation that she had been listening in on."It will only take a moment. Do you mind Wood?" Harry asked glancing over at Oliver, who was pulling his cloak on."Not at all, Harry," He responded. "Juliet, I will meet you right outside the portrait." And with a smile he was gone."What is it Harry?" Juliet said still looking at her feet."I listened to part of the conversation between you and your brother this morning and I just wanted to apologize," Harry mumbled."Oh, thank for your apology Harry," Juliet said with a small smile. "My brother should have known not to have a private conversation in public. It is our fault; no need to apologize.""There is something oddly familiar about you that I cannot place my finger on. No matter, Wood is waiting for you. I promised I would only keep you for a few minutes," Harry said with a smile before walking away."We're cousins!" Juliet blurted out, tears spilling down her face."What?" Harry said turning back around."We are cousins, Harry. I was in hiding with you and your parents. I was there the night they were killed," Juliet said looking him in the eyes."But the Dursleys are my only living relative," Harry started."I don't understand either Harry, but we are related," Juliet said taking a step forward."But you are a Malfoy, wait so am I related to the Malfoys?" Harry asked."No, the Malfoys adopted me when I was a child. I don't know my real parents. All I have are these nightmares and I don't think they are that. I think they are memories in the back of mind of everything that happened. Harry, your parents were my Godparents. You are the only family I truly have, that is alive anyway. I don't know anything about my parents," Juliet said tears streaming down her face."Then we have a lot to catch up on, and all the time in the world to get to know each other," Harry said placing his hand on her shoulder. Juliet hugged Harry and calmed herself. She had family that was alive, not adopted family, but actual true family. "Now go, before Wood makes me do extra laps at practice for keeping you.""Talk about everything later?" Juliet asked wiping her tears."Yes, we have a lot to catch up on," Harry said before hugging her.Juliet walked out of the common room with a huge grin on her face."I hope that grin is you thinking of me?" A voice said. Juliet looked up and saw Flint standing in front of her. His goons were holding Oliver who was fighting to break free."Flint, I told you I will never marry you. If you want to win my love then you can start by releasing my friend," Juliet said looking him directly in the eyes."How dare you speak to me like that!" Flint exclaimed."I will speak to you in whatever manner I wish. Did you ever think that the reason I cannot stand you is because you are nothing but a bully?" Juliet said straightening herself up. "You are far away from the dungeons Marcus, and with a single scream all of Gryffindor will be in this hall ready to take you down. Do you really want to mess with us?" Marcus glared at her."So your brother is the Slytherin Prince and you are the Gryffindor's Princess? I find it hard to believe that all the Gryffindor's are very accepting of a Malfoy being in Gryffindor. Come to Slytherin where you belong," Marcus said holding out his hand."I may be adopted with the name Malfoy, but there is Gryffindor blood running through my veins. You do not scare me Flint. Now release Oliver, or I will scream," She said taking a step towards him."Gryffindor blood? That would require you knowing who your parents are, and I know you don't," Flint said taking one step forward."I may not know who my parents are, Flint. I do, however, know who my aunt and uncle were. So unless you wish to find out exactly how many Gryffindors do care, I would leave," Juliet said, stepping forward not taking her eyes off of Flint."Fine, but this is not over. You will belong to me," Flint said before waiving his goonies off of Oliver and stalking away.Juliet ran over to him. "Are you alright?""I am fine. Juliet?" Oliver said looking at her."Yes""Who were your aunt and uncle?" Oliver asked."Lily and James Potter," Juliet answered looking him in the eyes.

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: Hey! So I have come to the realization that I really hate cliffhangers. I will try my hardest to not end a chapter on a cliffhanger, unless you want me to. Let me know.I don't own Harry Potter, but I do own this story line and Juliet.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-E"You are related to Potter?" Oliver stammered."I believe so. His parents were my Godparents and I called them Uncle James and Aunt Lily," Juliet said walking towards the stairs. "But let us not have this conversation here, even the walls have ears. We don't know who may be listening." Juliet extended her hand and Oliver took it rather quickly.They walked quietly down the stairs and out in to the court yard. They received a few odd glances from students and professors alike. Juliet couldn't help but wonder why, and then she realized her hand was still entangled in Oliver's. She quickly released his hand, praying that no Slytherin saw them or word would certainly make its way back to her brother and Marcus or worse her father. She frowned at the thought of this."What is wrong?" Oliver asked seeing her face."I am worried this evening will come back to haunt me," Juliet said walking down to the bridge."What do you mean?" Wood said following her."My Father," she started, "Well, adopted father, Lucius Malfoy is not the most understanding man. I am sure I will be reprimanded for what happened this evening when I return home for the holidays, that is if he doesn't just show up again," Juliet said looking over the side of the bridge."I don't think your father would dare show up here again. I think Dumbledore and McGonagall told him that while you are here they are responsible for anything that happens to you," Oliver said looking at her."That still won't fully protect me here," Juliet said continuing down the bridge."What do you mean?" Oliver asked his face wrenched in concern."My brother and Flint are still here. They can do anything to me and my Father would let them," Juliet said tears forming in her eyes."But I won't let them," Wood said placing his hands on her shoulders and turning her to face him. "As long as I am here, I will protect you, and the moment it comes out that you are Potter's cousin, so will the others. You really will be Gryffindor's Princess," he said lifting her chin and wiping her tears away."I guess that is something I will have to see to believe. For now I don't think the other Gryffindors think I belong there. I am a Malfoy to them, therefore I belong in Slytherin. Some may also say that I am making it up to get close to Harry. I want to find out about my family so much, and he is the only link I have right now," she responded looking away."Well then those Gryffindors will not have the satisfaction of knowing a charming young girl like yourself," he said, making her blush."Thank you, Oliver. It is getting dark. We should head back to the common room. We do not want to get caught out after hours," Juliet said looking at the sky."Of course," Oliver said glancing up, "Filch or Snape would just love to ban me from the first game of the season.""I am sure they would, considering it is against Slytherin," Juliet smirked, "Come lets go." Juliet began to walk towards the castle."Juliet, wait a second," Oliver called from behind her."What is it?" Juliet said looking at him."About earlier," He started."Don't worry about it. It is something we can talk about at a later time," Juliet said with a smile."I have never met a girl quite like you, Juliet. You are one of a kind," Oliver said walking over to her."You are very sweet Oliver. It is something I am not use to," Juliet said as they began walking back to the castle."You might want to get used to it. I am sure many others will be just as sweet, if not sweeter," Wood smirked."I am not so sure. We really should hurry back. I am sure Filch is just standing by the door ready to bust us for being out after hours," she said with a smirk."You are right. We have just enough time to get back to the common room," Oliver said looking toward the clock. "I am sure Harry wants to talk to you as well. You two have a lot to catch up on.""We have seven years to do so. It's kind of odd to me," Juliet said, as they were walking in the double doors."What is?" he asked."That," but she was cut off by Filch."Out of the school after hours are we?" He started with a grin."Actually, M. Filch, we have exactly enough time to get back to our common room before we are disobeying any rules," Oliver responded.Filch looked at the clock. "So you do. You best hurry. If you are even one second late, I will be giving you detention," he sneered."Yes sir," Juliet responded as her and Oliver walked speedily up the stairway. They both knew he was telling the truth. He loved getting students in trouble for any and everything he could. They reached the portrait within minutes. Oliver muttered the password and climbed through the portrait hole just as the bell was ringing."Perfect timing," Juliet said with a smirk. She heard footsteps on the other side of the portrait and she knew it was Filch. "Not this time Filch," She murmured as her and Oliver started laughing."He really likes to get student in trouble doesn't he?" Juliet asked still laughing."It is his only joy in life," Oliver responded laughing as well."Well you two look like you had fun," a voice came from the couch."We certainly did," Juliet said turning and smiling when she saw Harry."I think I will go work on homework and let you two catch up," Wood said with a smile. "Juliet, if you need me you know where to find me. Good night, Juliet," Oliver said placing his hand on her should before heading to his dorm.Juliet's stomach did a flip and she rested her hand where his had been. It was odd to her. He was different. She was used to be commanded and being forced to listen to someone speaks and not being able to have her say. He was kind and gentle. The kind of man she had only read about in books but never met."Well, Cousin, I guess we have a lot to catch up on," Harry said smiling."Yes, Cousin, we do," Juliet smiled but her eyes never left where Oliver had just disappeared.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EThis is a Very short chapter for me. I wanted to get it up though. I have about 7 papers due within the next few weeks. So cross your fingers and pray I can update.

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: Hey! The semester is almost over, thank God! So as soon as it is over I should be able to update more.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EOver the next few weeks, Harry and Juliet became almost inseparable. They did everything that they could together. Juliet was present at all of his Quidditch practices and he was always with her in the library. There were a very few people who knew that they were related and just trying to catch up on their lives, while others thought that something had to be something going on between them. Marcus would usually just glare across the room at her in the Great Hall as she sat between Harry and Oliver. Draco, surprisingly, had yet to say something to her or ask her why she was spending so much time with Harry. Once or twice she would catch him staring at her in class or in the Great Hall. He would give her a questioning look and she would just smirk and turn back to what she was doing. It was only a matter of time before he would tell their, well his, father, that she is up to something with Potter and she would face the consequences.She continued to grow closer to Oliver. He helped her with her homework and they took nightly walks around the grounds, when he didn't have Quidditch practice that is. She had yet to have another confrontation with Flint, or receive anything regarding a punishment for anything she had done. As weeks past, some Gryffindors started accepting her as one of them, seeing how different she was from her family. One night, she was alone in the library late, as Harry and Oliver were in practice. Madame Pince came around and told her it was time to close up and that she needed to head to her house's common room. She quickly cleaned up and checked out the books she was using for her paper and started to head up. Filch tried to get her for being out after hours but Madame Pince had given her a note stating that she had been given permission by her to be late because she was helping in the library. After a begrudging Filch let her go, she ran up the steps with her books in her arms and her bookbag. When she reached the hall where the Old Lady's portrait was hung, she slowed her pace some and stared out the windows as she walked. She was almost to the portrait when she heard a voice behind her."A Gryffindor out of the common room, alone and after hours," a male voice stated."I have a note from Madame Pince," she stated turning around, seeing Marcus."I don't care about a note from the stuffy librarian," he scoffed walking towards her."Flint, we have been in this situation before. It all still stands the same," she responded."I have a few questions I want to ask you. Some things I have been wondering," he smirked."There is no question of yours that I would wish to answer. Now if you excuse me," she responded turning from him towards the portrait."I didn't dismiss you," he growled grabbing her harm and spinning her around, knocking her books out of her hands."Flint, you are hurting me," she said trying to break free."I don't care. Since you stepped foot in this school, you have done nothing but embarrass me. You are supposed to be my future bride and instead you are running around with Potter and Wood. So what are you with both of them," he said gripping her wrists tighter."How dare you!" she exclaimed wrenching one of her hands free to slap him."You little, you will regret that," he said squeezing her wrist even tighter. He pulled his hand back and back-handed her; she fell to the ground with a scream and placed her hands over her face, crying."Get up," Flint snarled. She didn't budge."Get up!" he yelled, grabbing her arm and yanking her up."Let me go, please," she pleaded with tears rolling down her face."No! Not until you learn your place," He said raising his hand again."What is going on here," another voice came from behind Flint."Percy!" Juliet cried."Go away Weasel, this doesn't concern you," Flint sneered."Seeing that you are holding a Gryffindor first year and I am the Prefect for Gryffindor house, I think it does concern me," Percy said walking forward slowly."Seeing as she is my fiancée, it does not concern you," Flint stated."Juliet, are you hurt?" Percy asked"I," she started but Flint smacked her again."Let me go Flint or I will scream," Juliet responded with fire in her eyes."I dare you to try," he responded chuckling, Juliet watched as Percy ran around the corner of the hall, undoubtedly fetching Professor McGonagall.Juliet opened her mouth and began to scream as loud as she could. Marcus through her against the wall and wrapped his hands around her throat and applied pressure."Go ahead and try to scream again," Marcus said choking her."Can't….breathe…," she gasped out trying to pull his hands away."I will teach you your place," Flint said. Her vision started to blur and everything became fuzzy and dark."Please..help," she squeaked before the world went dark around her.In the Gryffindor Common room Moments before."Harry, have you seen Juliet?" Wood asked walking into the common room from the dormitory."Not since before practice. Maybe she fell asleep in the library," he responded with a laugh."Maybe, I am going to go look for her," Wood responded walking towards the portrait hole."It is after hours! You will get in trouble and then banned from games!" Fred said from across the room."Since when do you care about rules?" Ron said plopping beside Harry on the couch."Since we are this close to," Fred started but was cut off by a scream outside the portrait."That sounded like Juliet," Harry said jumping off the sofa and running towards the portrait hole. Oliver beat him there and pushed the painting open. The rest of the house must have heard it because everyone was trying to file out of the common room and see what was happening. The boys all stopped dead in horror of the scene in front of them. They could hear whispers and screams behind them but all it took was them hearing her whimper "Please…Help" to spring them into action. Oliver ran at Flint and punched him knocking him backwards as Harry caught Juliet and slowly laid her to the ground. Fred, George and Ron ran after them. Ron was helping Harry and Fred had Flint holding him back and George was holding Oliver back from killing him."Let me go George!" Oliver cried fighting against him."It's no use, Oliver! He isn't worth it!" George said to him. He felt Oliver stop fighting and relax some. "But she is," Oliver whispered back to him."Wood! She isn't breathing," Harry yelled through tearing up."Don't leave me, Juliet. You are the only family I have left that cares about me. I just found you, don't leave me," Harry said with tears in his eyes."Watch out, Harry," Oliver said. He tilted Juliet's head back and began CPR, careful to not break any ribs."Family?" Flint scoffed. "She has no family she knows of.""That is where you are wrong Flint," Harry said staring at her."She found out we were related the first day of term. And I swear this Flint; if she pulls through this you will never touch her again! And if she doesn't you will regret the day you were born," Harry said standing tall."HA!" Flint laughed. "And what is a tiny first year going to do? You don't know enough magic to even defend yourself, let alone another person.""He may not, but I do," Lee Jordan said standing behind Harry."And me," Fred and George said together. There were yells of agreement from the Gryffindors in the corridor."What is going on here?" a female voice came from behind Fred. "Mr. Weasley, you may release Mr. Flint. Professor Snape will be here," McGonagall began."I am here, Minerva," Snape responded reaching the top of the steps. "Flint, I supposed there is an explanation for this?""Yes sir there is. I was doing my rounds and I found a first year out after hours and I went to bring her to Professor McGonagall and she hit me and started screaming. Then all the Gryffindors appeared from their common room," Flint said smirking."He is lying, Professor," Percy stated."Let me ask the questions," Snape snapped. "Where is this first year?""Professor, I can't get her to breathe," Oliver called from behind the crowd.Snape frowned. "Everyone move!" They all moved to the side as quickly as they could."Mr. Weasley, kindly restraint Mr. Flint until someone can fetch the headmaster. Percy run and fetch Madame Pomfrey immediately. Is she going to survive, Severus?" McGonagall asked striding over the wear Juliet laid with Harry and Oliver beside her."I hope so," he responded taking out his wand and muttering spells. In a few moments Juliet gasped for air and sat up."Stay laying," McGonagall said conjuring a pillow and laying her back down."Minerva, what is going on?" Dumbledore asked surveying the scene."Albus," she started but stopped when she saw Madame Pomfrey. "Over here Poppy," she said pointing behind her. She pulled Dumbeldore to the side and had a hushed conversation with him. Their conversation lasted a few moments before Dumbledore spoke. "Gryffindors, please return to your house." They all protested. "Please," Dumbledore said raising his hands. "There is nothing that you can do for Miss Malfoy tonight. She needs to be taken to the hospital wing and receive rest." They all murmured and slowly returned to the common room. "Poppy, can she be moved?""Yes, sir, but slowly and gently," she responded to him. "Shall I conjure..""That will not be necessary, Poppy. Mr. Wood, would you be so kind as to gently carry Miss Malfoy to the hospital wing?" he stated."Yes, sir," he responded bending over to pick her up. "Juliet, I need you to wrap your arms around my neck," he whispered. She did so and curled her head into his chest crying. Flint growled at this."Quiet you! I will summoning your Father as soon as we are done here," Snape said glaring at him."Mr. Potter," Dumbledore said looking at Harry, "You may follow if you would like.""Thank you sir," Harry said before running to catch up to them."Severus, if you could be so kind as to go to the Slytherin house and notify Mr. Malfoy that his sister is in the hospital wing and he may see her tomorrow," he said looking at Snape."Yes, sir," Snape said before disappearing down the steps."Mr. Weasley, you may release Mr. Flint and return to your common room," Dumbledore stated. Fred nodded his head and then disappeared into the common room."Percy, if you would be so kind, I would like you to accompany me to my office, along with Minerva and Mr. Flint; but first, I would like for you to stop in the Hopsital Wing and ask Poppy to please send me a report of Miss Malfoy's injuries. I will need to write her parents."Percy nodded and then went off in the direction of the hospital wing."Minerva, could you please dispatch and owl to Mr. Flint's parents and request that they arrive as soon as they are able?""I will directly," she said before walking towards her office."Mr. Flint I do believe you know where my office is. Shall we head there now?""Yes sir," Flint said walking away from Dumbledore towards his office.In the Hospital Wing"Where is she?" Draco yelled storming in."I told you to come see her in the morning!" Snape sneered chasing after him."You turn white as a ghost when you tell me that my sister is in the Hospital Wing and expect me to wait until morning?" Draco sneered back."She's over here Malfoy, but she is asleep. Madame Pomfry just gave her a sleeping potion to make her sleep," Oliver said standing next to her curtain."How did I know you would have something to do with this?" Draco said lunging for him."Mr. Malfoy!" Snape bellowed. Draco turned to glare at him. "If it wasn't for Mr. Wood, I would have been telling you that your sister dead and murdered by one of your housemates. He saved her life. He administered resuscitative measures when she was rendered unconscious. Your parents will be here tomorrow to discuss things and I suggest you wait for them," Snape said staring at him."FINE!" Draco yelled. "Can I at least see her?""Yes, but you must remain calm."Draco walked past the curtain and let out a sharp exhale. "O Jules, who did this to you?" He said sitting on her bed and grabbing her bandaged hand."Marcus Flint," Harry's voice came from the corner."What are you doing here?" Draco snarled."She's my family Malfoy, where else would I be?" Harry said from his chair."Your family?" Draco scoffed."She found out first day of term that we were cousins. Her nightmares are memories of the bad times. Times we both have locked up in the back of our minds," Harry said."Draco, that's enough. Back to your house before I give you detention," Snape said. "We will discuss everything with your parents in the morning. Draco kissed his sister's forehead, and walked back to the dungeon."I hope you understand, Mr. Potter, that the whole wizarding world is about to know that you two are related. And it won't be a pretty sight," Snape said before exiting.AN: sorry its short. I wanted to get something up.

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: Hey!it has been forever, literally. I got married, so that took up half my life, plus rehearsals for Into the Woods. Which I am actually now late for. Oops. So I really don't know how many people read this story, or even if they like it…so here is another chapter.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EJuliet woke with a fright and jumped up. She looked around confused and scared. It was pitch black, so it must have been night. She couldn't see around her and had no idea where her wand was. Her breath quickened. Had Marcus kidnapped her and trapped her somewhere. She sat back on her bed and pulled her knees to her chest and began to cry."Juls?" a male voice came."Who's there?" she cried backing up to the headboard."It's me. Here, Lumos," the voice said."Oliver!" She cried jumping off the bed and crossing to him. She wrapped her arms around him and hugged him. "Where are we?""We are in the hospital wing. You have been unconscious for a few days," He said leading her back to the bed."A few days, but classes," she began."They will still be there when you are released from Madame Pomfrey's care," Wood smirked cutting her off. "Do you remember what happened?""Flint, he almost killed me. Please tell me he is expelled and in Azkaban?" she said with tears in her eyes."I wish I could," Oliver said pulling her into a hug."Why isn't he?""Your Father, He refused to press charges.""But he could've killed me. Does Draco know?""Yes, he is rather ticked off. He has been here a little every day. He is the only Slytherin we have let see you.""What do you mean let see me? And who is we?" She asked looking up at him."The Gryffindors, we have been taking turns watching over you. Reporters have been trying to come in and other Slytherins. We were afraid Marcus would sneak in and try to do something. Once we found out he was just receiving detention we all started watching over you, taking turns when we didn't have class and at night. I better get Madame Pomfrey and let her know you are awake," He said standing up. "I will be right down the hall. Shout if someone comes in," he said kissing her forehead, and leaving out the door. Her heart fluttered as she reached up and touched where he had just kissed her. He was different than any guy she had ever met. He treated her like she was an actual person instead of property to be traded. She walked over and sat back down on the bed and covered herself up with the blanket, for the hospital wing it was rather cold. She sat there for a few minutes until she heard footsteps."Oliver?" She called but she received no response. "Oliver?" she called louder, her heart starting to pound. "Oliver!" called even louder. She didn't know how far Madame Pomfrey's office was from where her bed was but she wasn't about to sit there and be attacked. She grabbed the glass that was sitting on her table and hid behind the curtain as the steps drew closer. When they drew close to the curtain, she heard Madame Pomfrey's voice in the distances. Whoever was coming near her bed must have heard them as well. They had stopped walking and retreated back the way they came. As Juliet heard them walk away, she slid down the curtain and pulled her legs up to her chest and started crying. Why was all this happening to her? What had she ever done to deserve this? She was a good daughter, a loving daughter in fact, even when her father was cruel to her or Draco. The glass must have slipped out of her hand because she was startled by it crashing to the floor."Juliet," she heard Oliver scream as he ran towards her."Miss Malfoy, why are you out of bed?" Madame Pomfrey said as she reached the curtain shortly behind Oliver."There was someone, someone was in here. I don't know who it was. When they heard you coming, they ran," she managed to get out before losing herself to the tears."Oliver, will you be a dear and fetch Professor McGonagall and the Headmaster, please inform them that Miss Malfoy is awake?" Madame Pomfrey asked looking at Juliet's weeping form, trying to hide her growing concern."Right away," Oliver said before looking at Juliet one more time and running out of the Hospital Wing."Come dear, back into bed," Madame Pomfrey said, gently helping her up and walking her over to the bed. "You gave us quite a fright my dear. You have been out for a few days," she said as she pulled the blankets over Juliet and sat on the edge of the bed."I didn't mean to," Juliet said sitting up some, wincing."Easy dear, take it slow. You will be sore and bruised for a while. I was able to heal some but not all," she responded helping Juliet sit up against the pillows. "I can give you something to dull some of the pain if you would like.""No thank you, Madame Pomfrey. It doesn't hurt too much right now," she responded smiling up at the kind nurse. They sat in silence for a little bit until they could hear footprints approaching. Juliet took a deep breath of relief when Professor Dumbledore came into view."Thank you for sending for me, Poppy. We will have a few more visitors in a little bit. I have owled Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy, Severus is waking young Mr. Malfoy and I sent Oliver to fetch Harry," he said with a kind smile. "Could you give us a moment alone?""Of course, Headmaster," she responded kindly before exiting the small area."You gave us quite a scare. Now, Miss Malfoy, I need you to tell me what happened. I know others will want you to tell them as well; however, Mr. Flint has a completely different story than Mr. Weasley and I would like your side," he said sitting in the chair next to her bed."I was working late in the library, sir. Madame Pince gave me a note because I helped her clean up, you can ask her and Mr. Filch about that. Mr. Filch tried to get me in trouble for being out late but I showed him the note. He wasn't too happy with that. I reached the common room when I heard something from behind me. Marcus tried to start a fight and I tried to turn away from him, but he grabbed me by my wrists and squeezed really hard," she said as tears started forming in her eyes as she glanced down at her wrists. Marcus' hand prints was bruised into her skin around her wrists."I know this is hard, Juliet, but you are doing great," he said giving her a gentle smile."He accused me of being with both Harry and Oliver, so I pulled my wrist free from him and slapped him. He slapped me and I screamed and fell down. He told me to get up and when I didn't comply he yanked me up by my arm. Percy showed up and tried to help but Flint hit me again. I could see Percy running towards Professor McGonagall's office. I told Marcus I would scream if he did not release me. I figured since I was outside the common room that it would get people to come out into the hall to help me. I started to scream and he threw me against the wall and started choking me. I blacked out soon after that sir and I do not remember much after that. Please Sir, do not make me go near him again. I fear what he might do," she said sitting straight up, tears steadily rolling down her face."Fear not, Miss Malfoy, you are in Gryffindor, and that is where you will stay," he said laying his hand on hers. "I should warn you though; the entire wizarding world has found out that you and Harry are related. Your father has managed to keep whit happened with Mr. Flint out of the paper; however, there are many people that wish to speak with you and Harry. We have banned all reporters from the grounds in hope that all this will simply blow over. It will only raise more questions as to what happened in the Potters' Home that evening.""I understand sir," she said with a weak smile."Now over the next few hours you will retell what you told me a countless number of times, maybe even over the next few days," he said giving her a sympathetic glance."I will be ok, sir. I promise," she said taking a deep breath."I don't doubt it. Poppy," he called."Yes, Sir?" she said popping her head around the corner, her eyes were moist with tears, Juliet knew she had been listening. Who wouldn't listen after seeing her in what she can only think was a horrendous sight."When can Miss Malfoy return to the Gryffindor common room?""I think she will be strong enough to go back to the common room tomorrow evening, but I do want her to check in and she shouldn't return to classes until after the weekend," she said with a soft smile."I am sure she will have no problem with that. Will you, Miss Malfoy?""No, sir. It will be nice to be surrounded by friends.""Ah, here is Mr. Malfoy," he said as the sound of quick footprints approached."Juliet!" Draco said running over and hugging her."I am ok Draco, just sore," she said returning his hug lightly."I could kill him. I could literally kill him!" Draco cried looking his sister over."Keep your cool Mr. Malfoy or I will escort you back to your common room," Snape's cool voice came."Really, I will be ok Draco. I cannot believe father is letting him get away with this," she said looking down at her hands."All he did was teach you a lesson," a voice sneered."Father!" Juliet said jumping out of bed and curtsying deep, wincing in pain as she did so."O my baby! You shouldn't be out of bed," Narcissa's voice came before pulling her into a hug and moving her back to the bed."Quiet Narcissa. She was raised to know her place. A few months in Gryffindor house and now all of a sudden she is acting out. I knew I should've had you moved to Slytherin house the moment we heard you were in Gryffindor," He said towering over her."I am sorry Father," je mumbled not looking up."Lucius! This is your child! Your daughter! How can you be sold cold?" Narcissa bit back."This is no child of mine. My daughter would not disobey me in such a manner and she certainly wouldn't be handing around with this Gryffindor lot," he said motioning to Harry and Oliver, who had quietly entered trying not to draw attention."Mr. Malfoy, I would prefer if you did not address my students as you have in my company and the company of my staff," Dumbledore said from the corner."You will transfer her into Slytherin, immediately!" he bellowed."Mr. Malfoy, you forget, your daughter was not sorted into Slytherin. She does not belong there and I will not move her there," Dumbledore responded calmly."Fine! I will see you at break," he said harshly to Juliet."Be safe my darling," Narcissa said kissing her head. Juliet didn't respond she was biting her lip and trying to contain tears. She had been gripping Draco's hand so tight, she was sure he had nail marks."I will come visit you tomorrow," Draco said calmly as he let go of her hand."Goodnight, Draco," she said softly."Get some rest. We can catch up tomorrow," Harry said softly next to her."Thank you, Harry," she said with a soft smile. "Goodnight, Oliver.""Goodnight, Juliet," Oliver Responded."Mr. Wood, May I speak with you?" Dumbledore asked motioning him across the room. Juliet couldn't hear their conversation but she knew it was about what happened earlier with the person trying to get to her while Oliver was getting Madame Pomfrey. She saw Oliver shake his head in agreement and Professor Dumbledore gave her a kind smile before leaving. Oliver gave her a weak smile and then followed after Dumbledore closing the door tight behind him. She listened to see if Madame Pomfrey was still in the room. When she heard no noise, she sunk down into her bed and began to cry. She let the tears flow freely until she was fast asleep.

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: Hey!!It has been forever, literally. Sorry lost track of time. I am going to try and update more.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EThe next few days for Juliet were a total blur. She was able to return to the Gryffindor common room but was pretty much on lock down from the rest of the castle. If she wanted to leave the common room, she needed at least 3 people with her as a precaution. Draco was given special permission to come and go in the Gryffindor common room to see her, but that was the extent of her contact with other houses. Oliver had been distant since the night in Hospital Wing. He would give her a weak smile while walking to his dorm or walking out to the quidditch pitch. She was starting to fear that she had done something wrong. She sat on the couch in front of the fire wondering about what her father had said before he left the other evening."Penny for your thoughts?" a voice came."Just thinking, Harry. Off to quidditch practice?" she asked looking over at him."Yes. Need anything before I go?" He asked."No, thank you," she responded with a gentle smile. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Oliver walk out of the portrait. "Actually, Can I go to practice with you?""I'm not sure that is a great idea," Harry said hesitantly."Please? The fresh air will do me some good," She pleaded."Alright but let me grab some of the boys," he responded after a few seconds, before disappearing. He returned a few moments later with an extra cloak; as well as, Fred, George, and Ron."Ready to go Princess?" George grinned offering his hand."As ready as I will ever be," she responded taking his hand and getting up from the couch."Are you sure you are ready for this?" Oliver asked."I need to leave this room sooner or later," She responded with a frown."Just making sure you are ready, in case we run into Flint," he said back."I know Oliver. Besides, I have almost the entire Gryffindor team around me. Is he really that unintelligent that he would attempt something with all these people around?" She said as she walked out of the portrait hole and took her place in the center of the boys."Well, he did attack you right outside the portrait with all of us simply in the other room," George said from behind her."He isn't exactly intelligent," Fred responded from her other side."I understand that, but I am sure that he won't attempt something," she responded as they started down the stairs."Are you alright?" Oliver asked after he saw her wince on on of the steps and pause for a moment."Just a bit unsteady," she responded with a smile. "I haven't walked the stairs in a little bit.""Here," Oliver said offering his arm with a smile."Thank you Oliver," she said taking his arm quickly and steadying herself for a second on the steps. "It is going to feel fantastic to be outside again," she said as they reached the entry way."Juliet! Where are you going?" A voice called from behind her. In the Great Hall.She turned quickly to see who it was and lost her balance, but was caught by two arms before she hit the ground. She looked up and saw panic in Oliver's eyes as he looked down at her in his arms."Are you alright?" He asked looking down at her."I am. Just turned to quickly and lost my footing," she said looking up at him as she held on to his arms. "Can you pull me up now?" She asked after a few seconds."Sorry," he said as he pulled her up quickly."Juliet, are you alright?" Draco asked as he ran up to her."I am fine. I just turned to quickly and lost my footing," she responded with a smile."Good. Now where are you going?" He said sternly."I am going to the practice pitch to watch them practice. I need out of the common room and out of the building. I have been cooped up here for weeks," she snapped back."Well I will come with you. I don't trust Flint at all to try and pull something," Draco said putting his cloak on."What is he going to do with the entire quidditch team there?" She asked."He did quite a lot with them all in the other room," Draco responded. "I am coming.""Fine, but no fussing over me to slow down or put another cloak on. Understood?" She said."Understood," he said as they headed out the front door.As they started their way to the pitch, Juliet took Oliver's arm again for balance. She was sure the boys wanted to just run straight to the pitch, but that all let her make the pace and soak up the sun and the autumn air. When they had almost reached the pitch, everyone around her stopped dead and she ran into Ron who was in front of her."What's wrong?" She asked looking forward."Harry, Ron and Draco, Please take Juliet to the Gryffindor changing room," Oliver said as he stiffened up."What is it Oliver?" She asked as she gripped his arm and tried to cover her eyes to see the pitch."Come Juliet," Draco said tugging her arm."Go now!" He yelled causing her to jump. "I am sorry but please go. I will explain I promise," he said gently as he faced her. And gave her hands a squeeze."Ok," she said quietly as Draco grabbed her hand and pulled her.As she turned to walk with Draco she saw why Oliver had sent her to the changing room. On the pitch was the entire Slytherin Quidditch Team was on the pitch standing behind Flint as if they were waiting for them to arrive. She stopped dead in her tracks as Oliver and the boys neared the other team. She could feel her heart beating in her chest and feared that it might beat out of her chest. She could feel people tugging at her arm, trying to get her to move but she stood still and stared out into the middle of the field."Juliet, Wood said to take you into the Gryffindor Changing Room," Harry's voice said pulling at her arm."Juliet, come one. We have to move," Draco pleaded, but she wasn't listening, She was listening to the conversation as best she could that was happening across from her."What are you doing here, Flint? Gryffindor has the pitch today," Oliver said."I am aware, Wood. We were finishing up. Just happens to be luck that my bride would be with you. However; I cannot imagine why she would be rushed away the moment you saw us here," he said with a sickening grin."Leave, Flint. We don't need any issues here," George said stepping up to Oliver's side."Or what?" Flint said stepping towards them. Juliet took a few steps toward them. If need be she wanted to be ready to place herself between the two teams. The last thing she needed was the entire Gryffindor team suspended because of her."As much as I would like to make you pay for what you did to Juliet, that is not my place. Now leave." Wood said forcefully. Marcus just smirked at him."Whatever you say, Wood. Let's go guys," Flint said as he pushed past him to walk off the pitch. He had walked a few steps past Oliver when he looked up and locked eyes with Juliet. He gave her a nasty grin and then turned back towards Oliver, who was facing the other direction."OLIVER!" Juliet screamed as she took off in their direction, drawing her wand as she ran.Oliver spun around to face her with a look of confusion when he saw her wand."Duck!" She shouted but she was too late. Oliver went flying when the spell Flint cast hit him."Expelliarmus!" She screamed with her wand pointed at Flint. She hit her target and his wand went flying."You will regret that little miss princess," she heard Flint yell as she reached Oliver."You no longer scare me Flint!" She said as she started to cross to him. "I have already felt your worst. You will never lay a harmful hand on me again. I promise you that," She said as she reached him."You forget your place!" Flint said angrily."My place is in the Gryffindor Common room with my friends or at home with my family. I am not your wife, nor will I ever be. So please, stop calling me your bride or anything similar to the term. I am not frightened of you," she said standing tall with her cloak and dress flapping around her in the wind."Why you insolent little," he started while raising is hand. In the blink of an eye, he was on the ground rolling in pain and the other Gryffindor team members were cheering as Draco laughed. In the second Flint had raised his hand, Juliet stepped on his foot with her boot and kneed him hard in between his legs, causing him to collapse to the ground."I hope you will forgive me, Sir. I felt it was necessary to teach you your place," She said as she curtseyed and walked away towards the cheering Gryffindors. She smiled at the sight till she remembered that Oliver was on the ground and she ran over to him."Oliver! Oliver, wake up!" She said as she kneeled next to him on the grass."I think he has been stunned, Juliet. We need to get him to the hospital wing," George said with his hand on her shoulder."I will take him,"she said pulling out her wand "Mobilicorpus!" She said as Oliver began to levitate."I will go with you!" Draco said walking next to her."Thank you, Draco," She said with a smile. "You must practice. Oliver will be very upset if you don't," she said looking at the rest of the team."She is right," Fred said after a few seconds. "Let's practice. She can handle this.""Thank you Fred. I will see you all after practice in the common room," she said calmly before her and Draco started to move quickly towards the castle."How did you know the spell to levitate him?" Draco asked after a few moments."I have heard Mother use it before. I also read it in one of our school books. I had plenty of downtime, so I believe I am ahead of most of our class," she replied."Draco, could you please run and fetch Professor McGonagall or Madame Pomfrey?""Why? Are you alright? Are you feeling weak?" He asked." I am fine. It might be better if they meet us in the Entrance Hall and take over this spell," she responded with a smile."As you wish little sister," Draco responded before running to the castle.Juliet slowed her pace and continued to walk as best she could. The adrenaline in her body was almost gone and she was beginning to feel the pain from running and from casting spells. She was exhausted and she knew she would never make it to the hospital wing. At this point she didn't know if she would make it to the Entrance Hall. She began to stumble after a few minutes but kept moving as quick as she could. She could see the entrance hall and could see Draco running out with Professor McGonagall. Juliet's vision started to get blurry so she stopped and set Oliver down before sinking to the ground. She could see Draco and Professor McGonagall running towards her as she passed out.F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EAuthor's Note: Please excuse any grammar and spelling errors. I typed this whole chapter on my IPad.

Forbidden to LoveAuthors note: I'm back!F-O-R-B-I-D-D-E-N T-O L-O-V-EWhen Juliet opened her eyes, she saw the familiar ceiling of the Hospital Wing. She gently lifted herself to sit on her elbows and looked around. Draco was hunched over on her bed fast asleep. She looked further around the room, Harry was resting in a chair that was settled between her and Oliver's beds. Juliet gently moved the covers and quietly got out of bed, as not to disturb Harry or Draco. She walked quietly across the floor to Oliver's bed and sat on the edge."I am so sorry I put you through this. If it wasn't for me, you would have had quite a quiet school year," she said moving his hair out of his face. "Maybe I should just fulfil my Father's wishes and switch to Slytherin. It would make all our lives so much easier," she continued as a tear slid down her face."But it would make you miserable," Oliver's voice came."Oliver!" she exclaimed hugging him."Ouch, gentle," he said placing his arm around her."Sorry! I'm just glad you are ok," she said backing up."Why are you crying?" he asked gently."This is all my fault!" she said, as tears slid down her face more frequently."Don't say such things. Flint and I have always fought like this. He would do anything to make sure Gryffindor lost at Quidditch," he responded pull her hands away from her face."But," she said looking down at her hands."No but. Juliet do not blame yourself for the workings of Marcus Flint. He is a vial person who has no regard for anyone but himself," Oliver said, gently lifting her chin."I could not have said that any better myself, Mr. Wood," a male voice came, causing both to jump and turn towards the door."Headmaster!" Juliet exclaimed jumping to her feet and curtsying."Please, Miss Malfoy. No need to curtsy," he said holding up his hand. "It seems that you have been quite a constant resident of the Hospital Wing this year.""I am sorry Professor. I seem to be quite clumsy this term," she responded quietly."Miss Malfoy do not worry. I do not blame you for anything that has happened so far this term. The responsible parties will be held accountable and strict rules will be enforced. My first and foremost responsibility is the safety of all students, even those whose parents wish for us to do nothing," Dumbledore said peering over his spectacles at her."Professor, do you mean to say, Marcus Flint will be punished?" Draco's voice came from behind them."Yes Mr. Malfoy. He has now injured two students under my care on multiple occasions. If I continue to stand on the sidelines then things will only get worse," he responded looking past Juliet at Draco."When will he be punished sir?" Oliver asked from his bed."We have sent word to his parents that they are to come to Hogwarts for a meeting. They should be here sometime tomorrow evening," he responded."Professor has Marcus been told?" Juliet asked holding on to the end of the bed for support. She had a sinking feeling in her gut that something was about to happen."No. He will be none the wiser until he is called into my office when his parents arrive. And do not worry Miss Malfoy. Your name will not be brought up. He attacked Mr. Wood with no provocation and continues to bully other students as well," he responded gently."Professor does that mean he will be playing in the game tomorrow?" Oliver asked."Yes, Mr. Wood, it does indeed. We must pretend tomorrow is a normal day, otherwise, he will suspect something. Now, get some rest, all of you. Mr. Malfoy, please return to your dorm. You too, Mr. Potter. Let Miss Malfoy and Mr. Wood get some rest as tomorrow is the first Quidditch match of the season," Dumbledore said opening the door to let them out."Goodnight sister," Draco said as he walked past her towards the door."Goodnight Juliet, Wood," Harry said following behind Draco."Get rest Harry, big game tomorrow," Oliver called with a smile."Goodnight Mr. Wood, Miss Malfoy, Dumbledore said as he walked outside and closed the doors.Juliet remained standing, facing the door in disbelief. Marcus Flint was going to pay for what he had done. As relieved as she was about that, she had a sinking pit in her stomach that something bad was about to happen."I see the worry on your face, Juliet. Do not worry everything will work out fine," Oliver said from his bed."I have this very bad feeling in the pit of my stomach," she responded, gripping the end of the bed for stability."Hey," Oliver said getting up from his bed and crossing to her. He placed his hands one her arms and continued, "Everything is going to be ok. I promise.""I hope you are right," she said looking him in the eyes. "I truly hope you are right."THE NEXT MORNING:The whole school was talking about the Gryffindor vs. Slytherin Quidditch match. As Juliet and Oliver entered the Great Hall, Oliver was going on about Quidditch and Juliet just quietly made remarks in agreement or to show she was listening, other students were They took seats by with the Gryffindor team. Juliet looked at the food around them. She didn't really want to eat but she knew that multiple people in the hall were watching her. So, if she didn't eat, she would more than likely get a lecture from multiple people. She grabbed some toast and a few eggs and potatoes. She was picking at her food and barely paying attention when she heard Ron and Hermione telling Harry to eat, then something about Snape and a three headed dog. She was only paying partial attention, until Hedwig landed on the table with a package for Harry."Bit early for mail, isn't it?" Hermione asked."But, I, I never get mail," Harry said."Let's open it," Ron said and all three unwrapped the package."It's a broomstick," Harry said amazed."That's not just a broomstick, Harry. It's a Nimbus 2000," Ron exclaimed."But who?" Harry asked before looking up to the head table to see Hedwig with Professor McGonagall as the rest of the Quidditch teams looked on in disbelief.Everyone looked on in disbelief for a few moments before Oliver spoke up."Team, it is time to head to the locker room," he said standing up. "I will see you at the game?" He asked leaning down to whisper to Juliet. She smiled at him and nodded her head yes."Be safe today," he said softly with a smile before giving her back a quick rub and then walking away."I do believe, that Oliver Wood has a crush on you," one of the girls nearby said loudly."Don't be ridiculous, we are only friends," Juliet responded back, as she glanced to the Slytherin table. The Slytherin team had not yet left and Marcus was staring at her rather angrily."Don't worry about him, Juliet. You know everyone in this house will protect you," Hermione said from beside her."I am not worried about what will happen while I am on school property, Hermione. Rather, what will happen once I am not," Juliet responded picking at the food on her plate."Why don't you stay here or I could ask my parents if you could come stay with me?" Hermione offered."That is a kind offer Hermione," Juliet started but was cut off."But fortunately, she will be at my house this Christmas," Flint's voice came. "For the Christmas Ball." Juliet flinch and turned to face Flint."I was unaware that I would be in attendance," She said looking him in the eyes.Marcus bent over and grabbed Juliet's arm, "You will be in attendance and you will be by my side all evening. In fact, let us make this interesting. When Slytherin wins today, I will even pick out your dress and you will wear it.""And should Gryffindor win?" Hermione asked."Then she shall wear whatever she chooses," he said with a smirk before whispering in her ear, "Who knows maybe I will steal a kiss or two that night." He released her arm with a laugh and then walked away taking the Slytherin team with him.The moment he left the Great Hall, the girls around her started talking about how she needed to report him to Professor McGonagall or go straight to the Headmaster."I promise. I am alright. I will not let him ruin this day. The worst thing I could do it report him. That would put a damper on the first Quidditch game after all, I don't think the boys would be to happy with me then," she said with a small smile."I suppose you are right," Hermione said."Come, let us go grab out capes and head to the field. I want to get a good seat," Juliet responded with a soft smile before standing up. "Maybe I will grab and extra blanket, just to be on the safe side.Later at the Quidditch Match:The match was going horribly. Slytherin was wining and every time they scored, Marcus would flash her a twisted smile. In the beginning of the match, Madame Hooch had told both teams that she wanted a clean match. That speech obviously wasn't working. Gryffindor was winning at first due to Oliver being able to block all of their attempts to score, but that did not last long as Marcus had taken a beater's bat and aimed a bludger straight for Oliver, knocking him unconscious and off his broom. Juliet wanted to run to him, but Hagrid made her stay. He told her that Dumbledore wanted her to stay at the game should anything happen to Oliver or Harry.So she stayed in the stands wrapped in her blanket replaying that horrible scene in her head. About half the Gryffindor team was out injured by now and things were looking grim when it seamed that Harry had spotted the snitch. But without warning, Harry's broom started to act strange, almost as if it had been cursed. Juliet watched in horror as Harry's broomstick attempted to throw him off. She was so focused on Harry that she never noticed Hermione had left. But as suddenly as his broomstick had acted up, just as suddenly it was back to normal. Harry pulled himself back up on to his broom and was back to chasing the snitch. After a few minutes and one daring nose dive, Harry was standing on his broom, attempting to reach the snitch. He mist have stepped to close to the end of the handle because he fell off and looked as if he was going to be ill. After a few moments of what seamed like almost choking, Harry spit out the golden snitch and Madame Hooch blew her whistle."Gryffindor Wins!" She exclaimed. And they all began to scream. Juliet jumped up and down for joy until she saw the look on Flint's face. She knew in the pit of her stomach that she was going to pay for her reaction; but she honestly didn't care. She continues to celebrate with her house mates until she remembered that Oliver was in the Hospital Wing. She had to go and tell him the good news.She ran down the stairs from the stands and across the lawn back to the castle. She ran all the way to the Hospital Wing. When she got there, Oliver was sitting up in a bed, drinking some water."Oliver!" she exclaimed when she saw him. "We won! Harry caught the snitch!" She ran over and hopped on the side of his bed."Easy there Juls. Don't go breaking me," he said with a laugh."You don't understand! Marcus tried to tell me that Slytherin was going to win and that when they did, I would have to wear whatever he chose to his family's Christmas Ball, but since they lost, I might be able to get out of it entirely," she said excitedly from her spot on his bed."Whoever said you could get out of it?" a cold voice asked.

Forbidden to LoveJuliet turned to see Marcus standing in the doorway, still dressed in his quidditch robes."What do you want Flint?" Oliver said sitting up in bed to block Juliet slightly."I was looking for my young bride. It seems she has forgotten her place again. Being as she is mine, she has brought up many questions running to you after the quidditch game," he said walking towards them. "She also seems to forget that I have control of what she does when she is not here.""You do not control me," Juliet responded sharply as she jumped to her feet."I have already picked out your dress for the Christmas ball and your father has approved of it. It will be waiting for you when you return home for break," he said crossing to her quickly. She closed her eyes preparing to be struck when she felt someone in front of her. She opened her eyes and saw the back of Oliver's robes."Don't think I will not hit you, Wood," Marcus sneered."As long as I am around, you will not harm her," Oliver angrily said."Is that a threat?" Marcus said stepping towards him. Juliet instinctively grabbed the back of Oliver's robes and pulled him back gently."Marcus Flint!" a voice came from the hallway, forcing him to stop and turn."Professor Snape, what can I do for you?" Marcus asked with feigned respect."First, you should not be in here. I told you to stay away from the Gryffindors," Snape stated as he entered the hospital wing. "Secondly, your presence has been requested in the headmaster's office," he finished looking down at him. "I will accompany you.""Yes, professor," Marcus said looking up at him. "I will see you later Juliet. Wood," he sneered before following Professor Snape from the room."Juliet, are you alright?" Oliver asked as he turned to face her. But she didn't answer. She grabbed the front of his robes and buried her face in his shirt as she began to cry."Juliet.." Oliver said softly before wrapping his arms around her. "I won't let him harm you.""Oliver, you are so sweet. I am afraid you won't always be able to protect me. I will have to return home for the holidays and my parents," she started but trailed off looking at her hands."Juliet, did you know that the Flints invite most pure-bloods to their Christmas Ball every year?" Oliver said sitting on the edge of the bed and grabbing her hands."I did," she answered softly."Juliet, did you know that each year, my family receive an invite and I ask my parents to turn it down?" he asked leaning down to look in her eyes."Oliver, what are you trying to tell me?" she asked as her light returned to her eyes."I will write my parents and tell them to accept this year. I will be able to watch over you at the ball," Oliver said before gently pulling her into a hug."Thank you, Oliver," she said hugging him back."Miss Malfoy," a woman's voice came, causing them to jump a part."Mrs. Flint," Juliet answered with a small curtsey."Unexpected to see you in here, alone with a boy," she said looking down on Juliet."Oliver is a friend in my house. He was injured in today's game. I was merely checking on him," Juliet answered as she looked at her feet."Is he now?" Mrs. Flint said coldly. "I assumed you would have been placed in Slytherin since you are a Malfoy, but it would seem that assumption is mislaid," she said looking at the Gryffindor cloak around Juliet's shoulders."I was sorted into Gryffindor, ma'am. I look forward to the Christmas Ball," Juliet responded glancing up at her."As do I," Oliver chimed in."I did not think you and your parents would attend, Mr. Wood. They have declined all previous invitations," Mrs. Flint said, shock written on her face."Juliet has convinced me how much fun they can be," he said with a smirk. "If you will excuse us ma'am. Juliet was about to help me back to our common room.""That is alright, I need to be heading to the headmaster's office. My husband and son are already there. I wanted to say hello to Juliet prior to entering the office," she said calmly."Have a good day ma'am," Juliet said with a curtsy to her. "Oliver, shall we head back?" she asked offering her arm to him."Yes! Let us get back so I can write my parents about the Christmas Ball," Oliver said taking her arm and walking slowly from the Hospital Wing."I will see you soon, Miss Malfoy?" Mrs. Flint called after them."Yes, ma'am," she said quickly, before helping Oliver back to the common room."Are we out of sight?" she asked quietly."Yes, we are nearing the common room. You can stop holding on so tight," Oliver said softly."O," she said quickly releasing his arm. "I did not realize I was holding on so tight.""It is ok. You were frightened. I would rather you hold on to me than face fears alone," he told her gently."Oliver, thank you for treating me with such kindness. You school year has been so much harder because of me," She said glancing down at her hands."Quite the opposite," he started causing her to look up. "My school year has been full of more adventure then before," he said before hesitantly giving her a kiss on the cheek. Juliet blushed and smile softly at him."Let us return to the common room. I am sure the other boys are wondering how you are," Juliet said before taking his arm again.As they stepped through the portrait, they heard many of the members of the quidditch team cheering. Some just because Oliver was ok. Fred and George; however, began to chant something about Oliver having a crush and Juliet released his arm quickly, much to her dismay."I will see you later Oliver. I am glad you are ok," she said quickly before running up the stairs to the girls' dormitory."Juliet?" Hermione's voice came as she closed the door to their room."Yes?" she answered quietly."Do you like Oliver Wood?" Hermione asked abruptly after a moment.Juliet froze where she stood. She knew Hermione was asking for her own knowledge, but she truly did not know the answer. Wood had paid her attention, good attention, but she was too young to have anything but a school girl crush on the boy."I don't know. I mean we are still young children. How can we know anything about that sort of thing at this moment?" Juliet responded before crossing to her bed. "All I know is he treats me kindly and it's a change from what I am used to.""Well, your cheeks are about as red as the bed curtains," Hermione giggled."Hermione?" Juliet asked looking over at her. "I have an odd question.""What is it?" Hermione asked."It is strange, but can we be friends? You are the only girl in our year who doesn't run the other way when you see me. Or just wants to be my friend because of my closeness with Harry or my brother.""Well your brother hates me, so no problem there. I am muggleborn so I only know about Harry because I read up on as much as I could when I found out I was a witch. I would love to be your friend," Hermione said excitedly before running over to Juliet and giving her a hug."Well if my brother is ever mean to you, tell me and I will beat him up for you," Juliet responded with a laugh as she hugged Hermione back. "I can't promise you will ever be allowed at my home, but you will always have a friend in me.""Please tell me what it was like growing up in a wizarding family?" Hermione said as she sat on the edge of Juliet's bed."O that is far too depressing to tell you about growing up in Malfoy Manor. Why don't we head down to dinner and you can tell me all about your family?" Juliet said offering her arm."That sounds wonderful," Hermione said jumping up and grabbing her arm. "Should we grab the boys?""Absolutely not! I want some girl time!" Juliet said with a laugh as they walked down the steps and almost right into Professor McGonagall."Professor!" Hermione exclaimed."Hello Miss Granger," she said quickly. "Miss Malfoy, you are needed in Professor Dumbledore's office." Juliet turned felt as the color drained from her face and her heartbeat quickened."Is everything ok Professor?" Hermione asked quietly to not draw attention to them."The Headmaster needs Miss Malfoy. Please stay here Miss Granger," she responded with a solemn smile."Professor McGonagall," Oliver's voice came from nearby, but Juliet didn't look up. She felt as if her heart would beat right out of her chest."O good. I need you as well Wood. Your presence is requested in the Headmaster's office," she responded quickly. Juliet looked up quickly to meet his eyes. He too looked worried, but she wondered if he could see the fear burning in her eyes. It was not long ago that Mrs. Flint was in the Hospital Wing. They should still be in Dumbledore's office."Professor, I thought that Professor Dumbledore was going to keep our names quiet during today's meeting?" Oliver asked quietly."He tried to. Marcus brought up your names and Mr. Malfoy has decided that Marcus should get to face his accusers. Since he is on the Board of Governors, Professor Dumbledore must do as he says in that regard. The final decision will rest with the headmaster as all twelve Governors are not on the property." She answered before she turned to see Juliet's face. "It will be fine, Miss Malfoy," McGonagall said quietly trying to calm her. "I will be in the room the whole time. So will Professor Snape and Professor Dumbledore. No harm can come to either of you.""Yes Professor," she responded quietly looking down at her feet."Good. Let us move quickly," McGonagall said as she led them out of the portrait hole.They moved silently. Juliet watched the bottom of McGonagall's robes as they move quickly towards the Headmaster's office. Out of the corner of her eye she could have swore she saw Oliver's hand reach out to grab hers but she thought she was seeing things.As the neared the office, Professor McGonagall uttered the password and the staircase began to ascend. McGonagall stepped on first followed by Juliet and then Oliver. As the stood there in silence, Juliet held her breath fearing what was to come. As they neared the door, Oliver brushed his hand against hers, causing her to look at him. His eyes were like fire. She could not tell if it was fear or if he wanted to protect her from everything that was about to happen. She was so busy looking at his eyes that she almost did not see him mouth 'Let me go in first' to her. She slowly shook her head yes and he quickly gave her hand a squeeze before following McGonagall through the door."Ah, Mr. Wood and Miss Malfoy. Thank you, Minerva. If you would please stay as well," Dumbledore said as they entered."Yes Sir," McGonagall said before moving off to the side."Please sit," Dumbledore said motioning to the two chairs that were to his right. Without a word they both crossed to sit down in the chairs."My daughter will come stand by me," Lucius' voice came abruptly, causing her to jump. She froze and kept her eyes fixed on the ground, but she could feel her father's gaze burning a hole in her."Miss Malfoy," Professor McGonagall started quickly stepping forward but was shushed by Dumbledore's hand."I am aware, Minerva. Your daughter is still recovering Lucius. I have strict instructions from Madame Pomfrey that she is to sit as much as possible. She has even been excused from flying lessons for the time being." Dumbledore said looking at him. "You would not want your daughter to have a relapse and up back in Hospital, would you?""Very Well," Lucius said staring harshly at her. "You may sit.""Thank you, Father," she said curtsying. She could see Oliver on her left side. He had a look of absolute horror on his face. As she turned to find the chair and sit down, she quickly told him it was ok and to breath."Very Well, now that all of that is settled. Let us have a conversation about how our Young Mr. Flint here as been behaving this fall," Dumbledore started.Juliet looked up quickly to survey the room. Dumbledore stood by his desk where a very angry Mr. and Mrs. Flint sat along with Marcus and her father. All of them were staring at her and Oliver angrily. Professor Snape was standing off to the side but somewhat between them, as if he was to stop them from attacking them. Professor McGonagall was standing directly across from Snape.As Juliet looked over at Snape, he briefly gave her a sad look and motioned for her to breath. She gave him a small nod; he was her and Draco's godfather after all. It was only polite to acknowledge his presence."I am not sure what you are referring to," her father sneered finally turning his gaze to Dumbledore. "I told you before, what happened with Juliet was no more than a misunderstanding. Marcus was not to be reprimanded for it.""A misunderstanding!?" Oliver blurted out as he jumped out of his seat. "He almost killed her!""Mr. Wood," McGonagall warned."Sit down Oliver," Juliet said calmly, wrapping her hand around his arm and pulling him gently back down beside her. He quickly placed his hand over hers so that she could not pull it away and gave it a silent squeeze."I see what is going on here," Mrs. Flint said calmly, causing everyone to look at her. "Am I the only one?""Please explain my dear," Mr. Flint responded."It seems young Mr. Wood holds some feelings for Juliet. And since she is engaged to Marcus, what better way to get rid of the competition then to make up false allegations," she said with a twisted smirk.Oliver's grip on Juliet's hand tightened and she flinched slightly at the added pressure."He is obviously poisoning Juliet's mind against Marcus. I mean why else would the child you raised say such things Lucius?" She added.Juliet could see the anger rising in McGonagall and Snape, but she also saw the humor in Dumbledore's eyes."That was a very interesting tale, Mrs. Flint. However, many witnesses have come forward to tell me how young Mr. Flint has been treating not only Miss Malfoy and Mr. Wood but other students in the school. Miss Malfoy and Mr. Wood didn't report the behavior towards themselves but, ironically, they reported on what was happening to the other. Also, many of the staff have seen it and reported it to me," he said with a small smile. "Now that being said. Miss Malfoy and Mr. Wood are in this room for this conversation, but they will not be taking part in it. I have already spoken to them both and I do not wish to put them on the spot and feel threatened to change their story."Juliet quietly let out a sigh of relief as Dumbledore finished his statement. She knew if she had to retell anything, it would change because they were in the room staring her down. She did not dare to look up. She could feel her father's cold stare and she knew she was in trouble."Now, on with how we shall handle the issue at hand. Marcus, you are suspended from school for two weeks. Upon your return to Hogwarts, you will be on probation. You will not be allowed to play Quidditch and you will have a month long of detention. If during that time nothing happens, you may be able to begin playing Quidditch again. Should things continue to happen, and the next punishment will not be as kind," He said sternly."But sir! Slytherin will forfeit every game," Marcus said loudly looking over at Snape for help, but the look Snape gave him told him to expect none."Then you have an incentive to get back on the team do you not?" Dumbledore said quickly."Yes Sir," Marcus responded through gritted teeth."Good. Now, Professor Snape will escort the three of you to the Slytherin Common Room so that Marcus may retrieve some of his items. Lucius, I believe we are done. You may return to the Governors and let them know the issue has been handled. Minerva, you may return to your office, I would like a word with these two," Dumbledore said dismissing everyone.Everyone left quickly and quietly, leaving the pair rooted in their chairs."You can look up Miss Malfoy, they are gone," Dumbledore's voice said calmly. When she looked up, she noticed he walked closer to them. "I wanted to apologize to the two of you. I tried to keep you out of this, but I am afraid Mr. Malfoy left me with no choice.""He tends to do that," Juliet responded softly."It is alright Professor. I am just glad he will be punished," Oliver responded with a small smile."Mr. Wood, can you escort out young Miss Malfoy to the Great Hall. I believe she was heading there with Miss Granger before I summoned her," he said as he crossed over to his desk."Yes, sir," Oliver responded as he stood up. He turned and offered to help Juliet stand and she graciously took his hand. "Let us get you something to eat," he said as he directed her to the door."I think I should be saying that to you. You haven't eaten since morning," she said with a small laugh. They continued their conversation as they carefully descended the staircase. They were so deep in conversation that Juliet did not realize her father was waiting at the bottom."Juliet!" he called abruptly causing her to jump as she reached the last step."Father!" Juliet exclaimed surprisingly. She turned quickly in his direction, averting her eyes and curtsying low."Leave us Mr. Wood," Lucius sneered as he approached Juliet."The Headmaster told me to make sure she gets something to eat," Oliver protested."Go Oliver. I will meet you at the bench just up the hallway," Juliet said quietly."I did not raise you like this!" Lucius bellowed. "Do not speak out of turn! We were talking not you!""My apologies, Father," she responded lowering her head even farther."I will be a few paces away Juliet. Should you need me, simply call my name," Oliver said before releasing her arm.Once his footsteps were far enough away, a slap landed across her cheek, causing her to yelp in surprise and almost knock her to the ground. Her hand covered the area where his hand had made contact as he forced her chin up with his cane so that she was looking at him."That was for speaking out of turn. Just you wait to see what punishment awaits you when you return home. I will not forget this, and neither will the Flints. You will have one bad Christmas if you continue this game of yours.""What game Father?" She asked. Crack, another slap landed across her face."Did I tell you to speak!?" he screamed at her. "Get rid of the Wood boy. Whatever affection he has for you and you for him, squash it, or I will. Do you hear me?" Juliet nodded her head simply. Tears stung her eyes, but she willed them not to fall."Lucius, still hear?" Dumbledore's voice came. "Miss Malfoy, please head to the Great Hall to get some food. Mr. Wood is waiting on you.""Yes Professor," she responded curtsying. "Good day Father. Please say hello to Mother for me," she said quickly before curtsying and walking towards Oliver quickly. Whatever conversation was about to happen, she wanted no part of it.
