chapter 1"Hermione, over here!", I heard as I walked into the great hall for breakfast. I looked over and saw my best friend Ginny Weasley waving her arms smiled and I quickly joined her." Good morning Ginny", I smiled at her as I took my seat." I've missed you so much."Ginny looked sad for a minute."you know hermione, you didnt have to stop coming over just because my git of a brother messed up."She looked angry but I knew that that anger was not directed at me but at Ron my stupid ex."I know ginny," I replied, "But I just needed a little space to figure stuff out. I didnt want to see him at all."She smiled but I noticed she still looked a little hurt that I didnt show up like I normally do."I just dont want this to change our friendship Hermione, you are like my sister," Ginny stated softly."and It never will," I said and grabed her hand."Ok enough of that girly stuff." Her boyfriend and my best friend Harry said. "We are all here together so lets enjoy it!" He sounded annoyed but I knew the subject made him uncomfortable because my ex also happened to be his best friend so he was trying to lighten the mood.Ginny rolled her eyes." I know I have taught you to be more sensitive then that dear,", she said chidingly but softened her words by the kiss she gave him. They really were cute together!"Ugh Potter, Weasley; get a room ", a smug voice said from behind them. "Do the rest of us really need to see you snogging this early in the morning?"I glared at the owner of that voice and said derisivley," Just because you cant keep a girl Draco doesnt mean you should be rude to those who can"."Really Granger? And where is your boyfriend Ron? oh wait you cant keep a guy either! So before sneering at me look at yourself," Draco Malfoy spat at me before he walked away. I looked over to see ginny and Harry staring at me."What?" i said confused by the looks on their faces. Ginny looked concerned but Harry looked amused. "Whats so funny Harry?"Ginny elbowed Harry and said " That was not funny!""Well it was a little," He said smiling."you really got under his skin Hermione."I glanced away irritated and saw Ron enter the Great Hall and head directly towards me. "Merlins Beard," I said. "Why cant he just leave me alone?"Harry and Ginny looked up right as Ron stopped beside me. "Mione we need to talk ," He said . "Come with me.""Ronald weasley I have nothing to say to you," I said. "I dont care," he said. "I want to talk to you now!""Ron!" Harry's voice came from across the table. " This is not the time or the place. You are making a fool of yourself.""Fine ," Ron said and sat down next to me. "After breakfast then!"I got up and said "Ginny could I talk to you for a moment please?""hey where are you going?" Ron asked with his mouth full of food. "I wanted to talk to you!""Not now, Ron!" Ginny said ' " Now leave her alone or ill send a message to mom right now!""Fine," Ron said but he looked up at me and said "catch you later then."I shivered on the emphasis he put on the word catch and me and ginny walked away.

Chapter 2"OMG, Hermione," Ginny said. "Why didnt you tell me he was still bothering you?""I didnt want you or your family torn apart about this Ginny, " I said walking quickly through the halls. " I mean he IS your brother after all."" I understand that but you ARE my best friend and he was acting seriously creepy just now," ginny said. "How long has that been going on?""Well," I said. "It started right after we broke up. It was a little at a time but he has been more persistent about it lately." I was trying to make light of the situation because he was her brother and I didnt want her to have to choose sides, but it didnt look like she was buying it."Hermione" she said but I cut her off."I dont want to talk about it" I said firmly before smiling and saying "lets go look for something cute to wear to hosmeade this saturday."Ginny gave me a look that said she wasnt that easily distracted and said "Fine but we will talk later hermione."I nodded thinking to myself just how stubborn weasley's were.Later that evening as I walked out of gryffindors common room headed back to the room I had as head girl I heard a sound behind me. I spun around to see... absolutely nothing. I laughed at myself thinking. "ok wow a little skittish tonight are we?" kept going and I was almost to my door when someone grabbed my shoulder and pulled me backwards. I screamed and someone put their hand over my mouth as a voice whispered" oh calm down its only me."I spun around to see Ron standing there in the darkened hallway."Ron what in merlins name were you thinking," i said through clenched teeth. "You nearly scared the life out of me!""I told you we needed to talk mione," he said smiling. "And I knew you never would with everyone around.I miss you.""Ugh, not this again ," I thought. out loud i said "Thats too bad Ron,because you made your bed now you can lie in it."" I would love to mione," he said," but only if you are in it!""Not a chance Ron," I said, "I do not want to be your girl friend anymore."Again he smiled but this time it had a scary look to it. "I dont believe you",he said leaning in so close to me I was literally with my back to the wall.I put both my hands on his chest and shoved but he was much stronger than he looked and I couldnt budge him."Back up Ron," I said. I pushed on his chest again and this time he grabbed both of my hands in one of his as he brought his other hand up to grab my chin."Maybe a little reminder?"he said as he held my face still. "No", I said desperately trying to wiggle out of his hold. "when did he get so strong?" I thought to myself as I struggled with no success. "Ron!I said stop ," I yelled as i started to panic realizing that i couldnt stop him."But you dont mean it Mione," He said ,"I know you dont so stop fighting me."With that he closed the distance and pressed his lips against mine. He finally let go of my face and I thought he was finished for a minute but then I felt his hand on the skin of my waist and it started to drift a little higher. I started fighting harder then,my brain screaming "no this cant be is Ron. He was my best friend for years."As i fought tears started to fall down my face and I closed my eyes so i couldnt see him and could somehow pretend that this wasnt the boy who had meant so much to me. Suddenly I heard someone growl "SHE SAID NO!", and I felt Ron jerked away from me. Stunned I opened my eyes in shock as I realized who my would be savior was. He stood facing Ron as I stared in shock, and said" No means no Weasley!""This is none of your business malfoy,"Ron sputtered angry to have been interrupted."Unless..."He took in the picture we made, me huddled against the wall crying and Draco standing in front of me protectively."Now I get it," he said his voice dark and angry. "Didnt take you long to replace me huh Granger. and with Malfoy? No wonder you wont get back together with have turned into nothing but a Traitor!"As I gasped at that wild accusation Draco took a threatening step towards Ron and said "Leave now! Before I forget we are no longer enemies." His voice was so cold and matter of fact that I shivered.Ron seemed about to say something more but something in Dracos face must have stopped him because he turned and walked away. As soon as he was out of sight I slid down to sit next to the wall and put my head on my knees trying to take in all that had just happened. Ron, MY RON, had just attacked me and Malfoy whom I despised had saved me. I felt like I was in an alternate universe and suddenly I didnt know why but I was laughing and crying at the same time."Shit", I heard Draco say as he knelt in front of me. "Granger", he said quietly."look at me!"I ignored him since I couldnt seem to do anything but laugh."Granger?" he asked again quietly. "Please look at me."Finally I looked up and what he saw in my face must have worried him cause he swore again. "Are you ok?"he asked.I didnt know how to answer him because I didnt even know so I simply put my head back down. There was a pause and then I felt him sit down next to me and pull me close.The feel of his arms around me shocked me out of the laughter and next thing I know I am crying so hard I cant stop. He just holds me that way for what feels like hours and then I drift away to sleep worn out by everything that had happened.

CHAPTER 3I held her as she cried feeling her small shoulders shake uncontrollably. as she seemed to finally start calming down I felt relief since I didnt know what to do with a crying hysterical girl. "OK as soon as she stops crying I will walk her back to the room so that weasel face cant get to her and then this night will be over", he thought to thought back to the altercation he had just had with Ron and wondered why He had reacted so strongly to the situation. As he sat holding Hermione he had felt the urge to kill Ron with his bare hands. He had almost hoped as he issued his threat to Ron that he would not back down so he could keep it. Even now he felt the fury coursing through him as he remembered seeing Hermione struggling against Ron unable to do anything but cry as he took ..."Ok think of something else," He thought to himself "or this night will end badly for Ron."As he calmed down he suddenly started to feel other sensations like how soft her hair was and how good it felt just to hold her close. Her hair was a strange floral sweet smell that he couldn't quite place but that drew him in."Wait," he thought , "This is Granger! I cant be thinking these thoughts about Granger! I must have been without a girl for too long.""Hermione," he said softly. "Its time to go." There was no answer and so he tried again. When there was still no response he pulled away from her only to hear her sigh as she snuggled closer to him."She's asleep?" he thought incredibly. He thought about waking her but seeing how pale she was and how worn out she looked he just didn't have the heart to wake her. He sighed and thought "Ok well there is only one option left."He picked her up half hoping she would wake and the other half perversely wishing she would stay asleep so he had an excuse to hold her for awhile. She sighed and snuggled in even closer as if she was trying to literally crawl inside him. He felt a surge of emotion. He wanted to protect her and hurt anyone who dared to try to hurt her. As he walked he suddenly heard a shout."What are you doing Malfoy." Harry yelled. " If you hurt her i'll ...""You will what Harry?" Draco questioned softly. " Leave her as unprotected as you did a few minutes go when your friend Ron assaulted her?"Harry's mouth dropped open for a minute then he snarled "You are a liar!""Oh muzzle it Harry," he said quietly as he stopped at the door to the head girl and boys dorm." lets get her to her room and then we will discuss it.""One small problem Malfoy." Harry said." we don't know the password.""Well we should ask the head boy then." Draco said smiling."But there is no head boy." Harry said. "They haven't named one yet.""Wrong again Potter," Malfoy said softly "They did this afternoon."With that he turned and said "Jumping frog chocolate," and the door opened. As he carried her into the room Harry followed and said with surprise " So YOU are the new head boy?""Yes Potter I am."

CHAPTER 4I slowly woke up to the sound of voices softly speaking. I recognised Harry's voice first."So i'm supposed to believe that Ron attacked mione and you rescued her?".he said softly. "I dont believe you. What did you do to her?""I dont care what you believe Potter,"Draco said in a low menacing voice. "You can ask her when she wakes up but for now she needs to sleep.""What are they talking about" Hermione thought,"who needs to sleep?"I had the sensation of being carried and so I snuggled closer feeling safe. But safe from what?Suddenly the memories came flying back and I gasped and tried to sit up."Shhh hermione youre ok,"she heard ,"Youre safe." Draco's arms tightened around her. "Its over,shhh."I felt him shift to put me down and suddenly terrified I grabbed ahold of him tighter. "No please, not yet," I pleaded unwilling to give up the safety of his arms yet.I hid my face in his shirt and the tears started again quieter this time.I knew I was better than this, I was stronger but at the moment I just felt weak. I felt Draco turn and sit down bringing me with him, His hand smoothing down my hair as he said,"Ok i've got you."Harrys POVI stared in shock as I watched Hermione cling so desperately to Malfoy. I heard her tears and his eyes met mine. In them I saw the question,"believe me now?" I stared at him as he comforted Hermione in a way she would never have accepted from me.I slowly shook my head yes and put my finger to my lips as I backed out of the room. I felt the anger start as I sat in the next room and listened to her tears knowing she would not want me to see her like this. "What in hell were you thinking Ron," I thought as the anger slowly filled me and I wanted to hit something, no someone and I stood up to go have a talk with my friend. Before I could go far there was a knock on her door.Dracos POVI held her close waiting for the tears to stop wondering where in hell Harry went. Couldnt he see his friend needed him? Why did he leave her with me? Im no good at comforting girls. I hate tears and I dont know what to do when a women starts to cry. I leave but in this case Granger had a hold on me somehow.I pulled her closer putting my head on hers as she cuddled in closer to me. I shifted on the couch to get more comfortable and felt her shift with me. I heard a sigh and then a soft voice said "Thank you."I put my arms around her and just said" shh rest now. We can talk tomorrow."I felt her nod and a few minutes later her body went limp and I could feel her even breathing. I laid my head back on the couch and soon I fell into a deep sleep as well.

Chapter 5 DIsclaimer- I do not own any characters for this story. They all belong to J.K ROWLING. ONly thing I own is the plotHarrys povI walked to the door still angry and when I opened it Ron was there. I quickly came out and shut the door behind me. "What do you want,"I asked angrily. "Havent you done enough?""I just needed to see her'"He said,"to make sure she was ok. We had a misunderstanding.""OH i've heard about your little misunderstanding,"I snarled trying to hold myself back from hitting him square in the face."And I have seen what you did to her!She is in there crying her heart out because of you Ron.""It wasnt my fault Harry really,"Ron said sounding like a petulant child."She refused to talk to me. I just wanted to get her attention. I wanted her to remember how it used to be...""So you attacked her?" I demanded surprised at the way he didnt seem to see anything wrong with that. "Ron I dont want to say something i'll regret so you need to leave now."He opened his mouth to protest and something in my face must have convinced him that right now was not the time so he nodded slowly and turned and walked away.I watched to make sure he was gone and then using the password I heard Draco say on entry I walked back inside to check on Hermione. I walked back into the shared common room and the sight that met my eyes stopped me in my tracks. Hermione was asleep literally on draco's lap with her arms wrapped tightly arond his waist. The tear stains on her cheeks were pronounced against her white skin slept as she slept. Draco was asleep as well with his arms wrapped around Hermione and his head resting on hers. The both looked so comfortable I hesitated to wake them. Should I? Or shouldnt I? I finally decided to leave them as they were and so I got them a blanket and threw it over Hermione and dropped a couple of pillows next to them on the couch. As I tried to put one behind her head she shifted and Dracos arms tightened around her and he whispered"its ok,shhh." Before falling back to sleep.I was hesitant to leave but as I saw their faces so peaceful in sleep and the way she clung to him a thought hit me and I smiled and quietly let myself out.

DIsclaimer- I do not own any characters for this story. They all belong to J.K ROWLING. ONly thing I own is the plotChapter 6 Draco POVI woke up this morning feeling better than I have in a long time, surprised that the normal nightmares hadnt come last night. At first I was unsure where I was but then the memories came pouring back. I was in the common room with Granger. Sometime in the middle of the night we had obviously readjusted because now we were both laying down and she was cuddled up with her head on my arm and laying against my chest. I looked down at her face and smiled at the peaceful look that was on it. I remembered the emotional storm she had weathered the night before and immediately that brought to mind the weasel. I smiled as I thought of the many ways I could make him pay for it."Wait!, I thought, "Why is this my problem? Why am I involving myself?" I should stay out of it but as I looked down at Hermione I coudn't seem to make myself believe it. "Why are you smiling," her soft voice asked against my chest. " And what time is it?" Her voice sounded husky from all the crying that she had done the night before."Probably about 8 am." I said "and I was smiling cause you look so peaceful when you are asleep. Its the only time you are not moving.""oh," she said selfconciously." um im so sorry about last night. When you tried to leave I mean. I don't know what came over you been up all night?""Nope," I said softly as i tucked a piece of her hair behind her ear. "Slept like a dream. How did you sleep? Feeling better this morning?"She looked away as her eyes clouded over. "I was so hoping that it was all a dream you know?" Silent tears started coming down her face and I felt my chest tighten."Hermione", I said. " You are going to have to stop this crying you know. Because if you don't I will kill him."She gasped in anger and pushed herself up. "You will not touch him," she said grimly. " I will not let you.""Why would you stop me after what he did to you," I asked angrily jumping up."Why would you care ," she yelled right back.We stared at each other angrily for a minute as I realized she had point." Why did I care?" Suddenly I felt confused, "I mean this was Granger."She walked the rest of the way up to me and putting her hand on my cheek asked again softly," Why Draco?""I dont know," I said. I don't know how long we stood there before suddenly we heard someone clear their throat. Both of us spun around to see Harry and Ginny standing there. Harry was smiling but Ginny looked shocked.Embarrassed I snarled "Don't you ever knock Potter?" Without waiting for an answer I stomped up the stairs away from Hermione and her friends.Hermione POV"What happened,"I thought to myself as I watched him walk away. When I woke up everything felt so right. Even with what happened last night I felt safe and peaceful. How did it end like this?I felt a light touch on my arm." Hermione,"Ginny said softly. "Are you ok?"I looked at her and said "Honestly ginny, I dont know. Something happened last night that you should know about...""I already told her" Harry said putting his arm around my shoulder. "But how did you know?" I asked but then I remembered his voice as I woke up the night before. "You were here! I remember! You blamed Draco! It wasn't his fault Harry. He saved me.""I know, I know," He said. "I wouldnt have left him here with you last night had I thought different. You made it perfectly clear you trusted him."I blushed as i remembered exaactly what Harry would have seen. "I dont know why I was such a mess. You poor boys had to deal with Draco. ugh i'll never live it down. I fell apart ! I never fall apart. Im...," I knew I was rambling but I couldnt seem to stop."yep much quieter when you are sleeping," A voice said from behind me. I turned to see Draco lounging against the stairs with his normal smirk back on his face. Ginny gasped behind me and I heard her whisper "did he say sleeping?"and Harry shushed her. I started to blush as I realized that they now knew we had slept in the same place the night before."and you are far less of a prat while you are sleeping," I threw back at him angrily. I heard Harry chuckle behind me as Malfoy's eyes flashed angrily." you didnt mind me being a prat when you were all over me last night,"He said. I gasped in outrage at what he was implying. I heard Harry choke behind me."You.. You Pig, " I stuttered. "We ... I was not all over you last night!" With that I turned to Harry. "And this is not funny Harry!Stop laughing!" I saw Ginny elbow him but he still didn't stop. "I'm sorry Mione," he said laughing even harder. "But you have to admit..."With that he dissolved into laughter again."OMG!"I said as I glared first at Malfoy then at Harry. " You boys are impossible."I turned around and went to my room ignoring both of them.

Dracos POVI knew I shouldnt have said what I did as soon as I said it but honestly if I have to hear her apologize one more time for reacting to the situation last night I was gonna hurt someone. I wanted to shock her back into the Hermione I knew. Maybe then I wouldnt feel this overwhelming urge to protect someone that I should be staying far away from. I knew I would never fit in with her group. They were the heros of the school and I ... I was the son of a traitor and the godson of the man who killed their beloved headmaster. No matter how much I wished otherwise I couldn't change it. So I was extremely grateful when I heard her once again calling me a prat instead of looking at me like i was her knight in shining armor. As nice as it was I knew I could never be that for her. Too much had come between us, too many hurts, too many wrongs that could not be undone. I can still hear her screams at night from when my aunt had tortured her using the crucio. It echoed over and over in my nightmares making me feel as sick now as when it was actually happening. I felt sweat form on my brow just thinking about it.I was pulled out of my memories by someone shaking my shoulder calling my name. "Draco?"Harry said with his hand still on my shoulder. "Are you ok?"I looked around and noticed that both the girls had disappeared and it was just me and Harry in the common room."Of course I am Potter!Dont be stupid,"I snarled shaking his hand off of me. He just looked at me for a moment and quietly said "tell me what happened to Hermione last night please.""Why dont you ask her," I said quietly."Well i would," he said,"But since she is already mad at both of us she will never tell me the whole story and you know it.I want to hear it from you."I stared at him for a moment and then slowly began to tell him what I remembered. When I got to the part about Ron grabbing her hands I saw the anger on his face and stopped. "No please do go on,"he said quietly." I can handle it I promise."When I finished he was quiet, so I asked him a question that had been on my mind."My turn for a question, I believe,"He looked at me and nodded."She was obviosly very upset last night and I was wondering..."I started not wanting to sound judgemental. "Why did you just leave her?She needed you and you left!"He looked at me and nodded his head."I was not the one she needed last night. She wouldnt have wanted me here, seeing her like that. She needed you.""Me?", I said. "Have you lost your mind, Potter? We are enemies in case you have would you even say that? its ridiculus!"He just looked at me for a moment giving me that weird Potter look, the one that makes you think he is trying to see into your soul and then smiled."Im going to go now Draco but ponder this,"He said walking towards the door. "If we are enemies as you have just stated, then why did you go out of your way to help her? Why did you stay on that couch holding her when you could have just left?When you have an answer to that you let me know."With that parting statement he walked out the door.Ginnys POVAs I followed Hermione to her room I couldn't help but wonder what that scene was about downstairs. What actually happened last night? What did my brother do and how did Draco come in? I knew what Harry had told me but he hadnt been able to supply many details and from what I just saw downstairs there was something else going on here. As I watched my normally calm logical friend she was pacing her room muttering under her breathe about acting like a pig and she would turn him into one. I dont think I've ever seen her this shook up. The only question was which one had managed this miracle? My brother or Draco Malfoy? Finally I couldn't stand it any longer and I said"Hermione?"She looked at me like she was just noticing I was there and sighed. "Hi Ginny."I just looked at her for a minute and she suddenly blurted out"I didnt sleep with him you know? Well I did sleep with him but I didnt SLEEP with him ok? It was only because I was so tired and upset by what that jerk did. Not Draco though . What Ron did!" Then apparently realizing who she was speaking to she said "sorry not that your brother is a jerk but Im just not sure what to do with what he did ok?""Well that clarifies who shes gonna turn into a pig,"I thought."Draco""Hermione,"I said again firmly to get her attention. "Please just breathe and start from the beginning."She closed her eyes and whispered,"You dont want to know Ginny really."I put my hand on her shoulder and told her," Mione please talk to me. I really need to know."Tears started flowing out of her eyes and she slowly told me what happened after she left my room. I held her close as she cried on my shoulder and I started crying too. When she came to the part where she wouldnt let Draco put her down I was shocked but just let her keep I understood what had happened and I felt anger at what my brother put her through and knew things would never be the same. After she finished we just sat there quietly both wrapped in our thoughts for a few minutes."Ginny,"she finally whispered." Do you hate me?""Never,"I answered. "Im so sorry mione. I should have walked you to your dorm."" No Ginny."She said making me face her. "There was nothing you could do. He would have tried another time."I gave her a hug and said "so what now?""Now we leave it alone,"Hermione said quietly. "I dont want to remember it happened, I dont want to dwell on it. Can we please just move on?"I wanted to argue and it must have shown on my face because Hermione whispered"please?". Since it seemed so important to her I promised butI knew that Harry would not be so easy to convince.

CHAPTER 8 Harrys POVI walked to the Great Hall for Breakfast knowing there was no point to waiting on Ginny since she had whispered to me that she was going to check on Hermione.I knew that meant she would be gone for awhile. As I ate breakfast I thought about the new situation that had snuck up on me last night. Out of all of it Draco was most on my mind. If my suspicions were correct and they usually were Draco cared more about Hermione then he was willing to admit to anyone,even himself. I saw the look on his face last night as he looked at Hermione and remembered feeling the same way when Ginny was hurting after her brothers death in the great battle. The feeling that you were powerless to stop the pain and all you could do was hope she could handle it. Draco and hermione as a couple?I never would have thought it would happen but after seeing them last night and then again this morning I knew it was a definite possibility. Just then I felt a hand on my shoulder and looked up."Hi Harry," Ron said."Where is everyone else?"He sat down and proceeded to fill his plate like it was every other morning.I looked at him with disbelief. "Where do you think they are?"I said angrily."Dealing with the mess you did you do it? She was our best friend!""Still is,"Ron mumbled with food stuffed into his mouth."Why would that change over a simple misunderstanding.""A misunderstanding Ron,Thats what you are calling this?"I said angrily."This was more than a simple misunderstanding. You hurt her! You made her cry! You know how hard she tries to never be out of control after what happened to her at Malfoy Manor! You made her feel helpless to protect herself Ron! How could you do that?""I didnt think," Ron started to say but I cut him off."You never do Ron,"I hissed quietly "and you just put her through her worst fear and never even considered what it would do. I suggest you leave her alone or I will make you very sorry!"With that I stood up and walked away before I followed through with my first impulse and hit him square in his face.Hermiones POVI watched as Ginny shut the door to go to breakfast with my promise to join her and Harry soon. I grab my clothes and head into the shower to get ready for the day. As the water pours over me I close my eyes and unbidden the memories return.(Flashback)"I dont want to be your girfriend Ron,"I said. HE smiled and said " "But you dont mean it Mione,"I was trying to get away but he held me there and as he got closer suddenly his face was replaced by a face I only saw in my nightmares, Bellatrix. "Please stop,"I cried."I dont know anything.""I dont believe you you filthy little mudblood,"she sneered. I felt the pain as she once again used the crucio curse on me. It felt like fire spreading through my body but I couldnt move,all I could do was scream. Then she was holding me down and as she smiled evily I saw the knife in her hand. My throat was so hoarse from screaming I couldnt do anything but cryas I felt the blade cut my skin. I turned away and the last thing I saw before I lost conciousness was the face of my enemy Draco Malfoy.(End flashback)Suddenly I was back in the Bathroom under the shower and as I fell to my knees sobbing I saw the hateful scarring on my arm and once again I felt the terror and the pain wash over me and I slid to the floor and cried.Dracos POVAs I watched Potter walk out the door I loooked towards the stairs filled with the urge to check on Granger.He ignored the urge to go check on his roommate and instead went to his room. He gathered up his books and his cloak and walked back out to the main room where he saw Ginny leaving."Bye", she yelled.I waved at her and she left. I waited for Granger for a few minutes and when she didnt appear headed up the stairs. "Granger,"I called."We are going to be late for rounds lets go!" When I received no answer I stepped up to her door and knocked on it."Granger?"When I still did not get an answer I decided to brave her anger and slowly pushed open the door and saw... Nothing.I was about to leave when I heard a sound coming from the bathroom. I got closer and heard a sound straight from my nightmares. Hermione Granger was crying. Soul wrenching ,almost hysterical sobbing. The kind of sobbing i hadnt heard since that day at Malfoy Manor.I dropped down onto her couch as The memories came flooding back.I was angry. I felt helpless to stop her pain,just like that day when My aunt Bellatrix had her. I remembered wanting to help her then as well...(Flashback)I stood there with my family staring in horror as my aunt Bellatrix interrogated Hermione Granger. "Please stop,"she cried."I dont know anything.""I dont believe you you filthy little mudblood,"she sneered.I almost threw up as I watched Bellatrix use the curse again and again as Hermione screamed in pain. Then the screaming stopped and I heard the most horrible sound of defeat in her cries. She was sobbing the most heart rending cries in the world and as i saw Bellatrix pick up the knife I stepped forward and felt a hand pull me back."No Draco," My mother whispered in fear."You cant help her you will only be next."I stared at my mother for a minute and then looked back over at Hermione right in time to meet her eyes. As she looked at me and whispered my name her eyes closed and I was afraid it was for the last time.(End Flashback)I felt tears falling down my cheeks as the memories hit me. As I listened to her cry I hated myself for not stopping it. If I had been stronger, had done something...I put my head in my hands and cried as I listened to the horrible sounds coming from the bathroom.

CHAPTER 9Hermione's POVI sat there under the shower spray until the tears stopped. I slowly stepped out of the tub feeling so exhausted that I could barely move from the emotions I had just gone through.I put a towel around me and used my wand to utter the spell that I used to tame my hair every morning. As it did its work I slid into my clothes. When I was done I opened the door to my room and saw Draco sitting there with his head in his hands.I was embarassed for a minute but then he raised his head and I saw the pain on his face and I forgot everything else. "Draco,are you okay," I said quickly going to his side. He stared at me and didnt say anything. He just searched my face as if looking for something."Draco, you are scaring me. Whats wrong,"I asked again more than a little concerned."Maybe he is sick,"I thought and I went to touch his forehead.He flinched away from my fingers and finally uttered" Why dont you hate me? Why do you still care?"I was puzzled by the question. "Why would I hate you?"I asked. "You saved me last night. You were my hero.""Not when It mattered,"He snarled."I just sat there and let her do that to you. I didnt help. I just listened to you screaming and sceaming and begging for mercy and I did nothing.I just stood there,too scared to make a move. You could have been killed!""Thats what is wrong?"I thought to myself." He blames himself for what happened to me?""Look at me Draco,"I said firmly."You were as much a prisoner as I was, and I knew that even then.I didnt blame you for what she did!She was evil not you. You didnt do that to me, Bellatrix did. And if you had tried to help she would have done the same to you.""But you stood up to her as did Potter and Weasley.I felt superior to them but they were able to do what I couldnt. They rescued you and got you away from her,"He said quietly."While I stood there too afraid to do anything."His voice broke as he finished speaking."When I heard you crying in there It sounded just like that day right before...""Right before you tried to help me?"She asked as my gaze swung to her in shock."I saw you Draco and I was so relieved that your mother stopped you. There was nothing you could have done. That's why I said your name.I was trying to stop you.""All this time I thought you hated me. I thought you blamed me for letting that happen. I am truly sorry Hermione. I would have stopped her if I knew how,"Draco said quietly."its over so let it be over," And because I knew he needed it as much as me I asked him,""Will you hold me again Draco? Like you did last night?"He pulled me up next to him and I sat cuddled next to him with my head on his shoulder. As we sat there I felt his breathing slowly return to normal and felt the tension leaving his body. I felt so comfortable I could have layed there next to him for hours but he suddenly sat up and said "Um Hermione?""Uh huh,"I said half asleep."I think we have missed our first class," he said softly."Merlins hat, tell me we didnt!"I cried. So much for perfect attendance. I jumped up and said "I have to go." He smiled at me and said "I'll see you when you get home."I was so flustered I just gave him a wave as I raced out the door.As I was leaving transfiguration class later I ran into Harry."Hermione,"He called quickly. I turned around to say hello and noticed that he looked worried."Whats wrong Harry?" I said quickly."Is Ginny okay?""Ginny is fine,"He replied."I was worried about you. You missed potions this morning and thats not like you.""oh,"I said vaguely."I was taking a hot shower and lost track of the time. By the time I realized what time it was,It was too late for class.""Are you sure you are ok?"he asked."That doesnt sound like you. If you need to talk let me know.""I really appreciate it Harry but Im ok,"I said with a yawn."Im just tired after all the excitemment. I have a free period so Im going to go lay see you at dinner ok?""Um ok,"Harry said sounding like he was not quite convinced."See you later."I went home and fell on to my bed and that was the last thing I knew for awhile.A short time later I woke up to a hand on my shoulder. "Granger wake up,"I heard Draco say."You are going to miss dinner.""Really?"I sat up quickly."I slept that long?

Chapter 10Dracos POVI looked at her heavy lidded eyes and realized how very tired she actually was. "Looks like you needed it,"I said then realizing how that sounded I said,"Not that you look bad or anything, I mean you know you look...""How?"she asked quietly when I didnt finish.I thought quickly trying to figure out how to say it when I suddenly noticed the smile on her face."Are you giving me a hard time,"I asked firmly."Of course not ,"she said seriously but then ruined the effect when she burst out laughing.I picked up a pillow and smacked her with it."So not nice Granger!""Um sorry?"she said still laughing so I smacked her with the pillow again.I went to walk out the door and got smacked in the head with a pillow.I turned around and gave her a glare worthy of the name Malfoy."If it wasnt dinner time,"I said warningly. She just giggled and did her best to look innocent.I shook my head and walked out of the room before she could see the smile I couldnt keep off my face.I went downstairs and got ready to leave and when I was done I yelled"Granger? you coming?""One minute,"she said.I waited and very soon she was walking down her stairs."You didnt have to wait,"She said."I didnt want you to fall back asleep,"I said quickly even though the real reason was I didnt want to chance weasley trying something. We went to the Great Hall and when we got there I noticed Potter and the Weasley girl sitting at the table already so I walked over to the Slytherin table and sat down figuring she would be safe enough with Potter.A few minutes later I noticed Ron walk in and I tensed up as he walked towards Granger until I noticed Potter intercept him. After a minute Weasley turned and walked to the other end of the Gryffindor table and sat down.I looked over towards Granger and realized she was smiling at me. I smiled back and turned away.I saw Blaise staring at me then looking at Granger.He smiled then leaned in close."So Draco,"he said slowly. "What's going on between you and Granger?""What are you talking about?", I asked."Since when do you walk her to lunch?", He asked with a smirk on his face." And since when do you smile at a Gryffindor?""You are making too much of this,"I said. "Granger and I share the responsibilities of head girl and head boy. If we dont get along this year will be unbearable. Since we literally live and work together we have called a truce, Nothing more, nothing less.""If you say so Malfoy,"Blaise said with a smirk before going back to his lunch..Harry's POV"So Hermione," I asked as casually as possible."How's it going?"Sh looked at me strangely and said,"Hows what going?""Your new room."I said."Is it nice?""Oh yeah I guess,"she said."I miss you guys and im kind of lonely.""but other than that?",I asked."Just spit it out Harry,"She said giving me a look."What do you really want to know.""How is it,"I started to say then saw a look pass across mione's face as she looked towards the door.I looked over and saw Ron headed our way.I stood up quickly and walked towards him before he coud get to our table."Not a chance Ron,"I said. "Harry, I just want to apologize,"He said. "I just need her to forgive me.""i dont care what YOU need Ron,"I said quickly. "Right now Mione needs you to leave her alone. You did a bad thing and you have to deal with the consequences. When she is ready she will talk to you but not until then."He stared at me for a minute and when I didnt back down he turned away and went to the other side of the table.I walked back to the table and sat down. She smiled at me and mouthed "Thanks."I looked at Hermione but her attention was clearly not on anyone sitting at our table.I smiled and said "Hermione?"When she didnt answer I said"Hermione!"She jumped and looked back at me smiling sheepishly."Sorry Harry. What were you saying?""Well I was asking how it was going with Malfoy as a room mate but I already have my answer,"I said laughing. Hermione blushed and said"Yes its going well."She thought about it for a minute."almost strangely well.""Um Hermione,"Ginny said softly,"Please dont try to overthink this. ""this is just a weird way to start our last year at Hogwarts,"Hermione said."It feels like everthing has changed. I'm not in the gryffindor dorm anymore and Draco and I are getting long, and Ron and I... well its just all changed."Just then Dumbledore stood up and the Hall immediately got quiet."We have a few announcements to make, He said with a smile. "First off this year we are promoting Unity amongst all houses. As such we will be having different events through out the school year which will be mandatory for all students. The final announcement is that the first trip to Hogsmeade is scheduled for this weekend for all 4 through 8th years. If you are are not yet in year 7 you will need permission from your parents to attend. Thank you all and have a great evening."With that he sat down.Well im gonna go"Hermione said."I Have some research I need to do on our Transfiguration homework since I took a nap today instead of doing it Im behind."Ginny started laughing. "Hermione,"she said."Thats not due for a month.""So,"she said."Thats no excuse to put it off."She stood up and told us she would see us later.

.CHAPTER 11Hermiones POVAs I left the table I took another look at the Slytherin table but Draco was talking to Blaise and didnt notice.I smiled and headed to our dorm to get my books only stopping to talk to few people on my way. As I grabbed my parchment and quills I left draco a note and started towards my favorite spot at Hogwarts, The Library. I was almost at the library when I started feeling like I was being watched. I turned when I heard a noise and noone was there. I quickly pulled my wand out and said "Who's there?" When noone answered I started walking quickly my heart pounding faster and faster. I once again heard footsteps behind me and twirled around and again noone was there.I turned back around,wand still in hand and started to run. Just as I reached the Library strong arms grabbed me and I screamed.I started fighting with everything in me until I heard,"Hermione whats wrong its me?"Relief filled me as I turned around and spotted Draco."Omg,"I said as I grabbed him and held tight. "I thought...Never mind,"I said feeling silly. He grabbed my chin in his hand and pulled my face up to see into my eyes. "No really,"He said in concern,"what?""I think its just nerves,"I said quietly."Im hearing things.""Like?"He said and I knew he wouldnt let it go until I told him."For a few minutes I thought someone was following me,"I whispered."It felt like someone was but when i would call out noone would answer but then I thought I heard footsteps but again noone was there.I feel so silly.""if there is one thing you are not ,It would be silly,"He said."Show me where you were when you heard the footsteps.""I think I was just imagining things,"I told him."There is no reason to be concerned.""Then we wont find anything,"he said."No harm in checking."I was about to argue again when he smiled at me and said."Please?"I looked into his face for a minute before I sighed and said "FIne!"I led him down the halls until we reached the place I started hearing the noise He looked around for a few minutes and said,"See not so difficult right?"I just shook my head at him and laughing went back to the library.DRACOS POVAs we walked back towards the Library I noticed that despite her show of bravery Herione's hands were still shaking. I reached out and grabbed one of them and she looked down and smiled at me."Are you sure you are ok?"I ased her quietly.She laughed and said "Yes of course,except that I feel silly.I'm Hermione Granger and I fell apart because I heard a noise.""Its okay,"I told her smiling."Its been a hard couple of days."They walked along for a couple of minutes and as they walked in the LIbrary she asked,"So why were you at the library?"I thought about the moment when I looked up from talking to Blaise and noticed that both her and Ron were missing and how I had apparated to our dorm to find her note telling me she went to the LIbrary. I felt an overwhelming need to make sure she was okay so I apparated to the Library."Hello earth to Draco?"Hermione said looking puzzled."You still here?""Yes"I said laughing."Just thinking."She looked shocked and said"You do that?"and then burst out laughing when I gave her my most lethal Malfoy glare."I will have you know ,"I said with my most arrogant voice,"That I was second in my class and passed with honors."That just made her laugh harder, so I pretended to be offended."What is so funny?""Um nothing?"She said trying to straighten up. "you never answered the question though?""What question,"I asked even though I knew full well which one she was referring too."Why were you headed to the Library?"she asked."no reason."I looked at me in disbelief and after a moment I said'"OK Ok. I was looking for you.""Why,"she said quickly I said,"I wanted to see if you wanted to work on our homework now. You know how I dislike transfiguration.""Oh,"Hermione said quietly."Do you think we can do this tomorrow,"She fnally said."Im tired." I was surprised but since I didnt really need help I said"sure no problem. Are you ready to go to the dorm because if you are we can walk togther."She nodded and we walked back to the room in silence.

A/N Ok First Thank you for all the since I was recieving messages from other members telling me certain things were not making sense I reread what I have posted and was horrified to see that when the chapters were transferred from my computer somehow I was losing words here and there. Sometimes it was even half sentences. So i checked my computer and The story is there complete. I dont now why I am missing it on my fanfic account,however a member has offered to Beta this for me so hopefully she can fix it. I will try to fix it s soon as I this means fewer updates each week. Thanks again for the reviews.Disclaimer:The plot is mine the characters do not belong to me!Chapter 12 Hermiones POVAfter that night the days seemed to speed by and before I knew it two weeks had gone by. My life had become as normal as possible at Hogwarts and I had finally seemed to be able to go around without worrying about Ron following me. Draco and I had continued to coexist peacefully mainly due to the fact that we were both too busy with school and our respective duties as head girl and head boy to spend much time together although we still did rounds together as per our duties but thats basically the only time we had.I still spent time with Harry and Ginny but whenever Ron appeared I would leave so that they would not have to make a choice even though they assured me they were on my side but as angry as I was at Ron I still did not want him to lose his other friends over it. I walked into my common room after class one day and sat down to do my homework. As I pulled my potions book out of my bag something fell out of it.I bent down to pick it up and realized it was a letter that had my name written on the outside of it.I looked at it for a moment confused as to how it could have been put inside my book before I opened it.I stared in horror as I read what was inside. I barely had time to read it before the letter crumpled and a black mist came rolling towards me. The last thing I remember is falling and someone yelling my name before everything went black.Dracos POVAfter almost two weeks of constantly following Hermione,( without her knowledge of course),to make sure weasley didnt do anything stupid I finally decided that I no longer needed to keep as close an eye on her. That is until I walked into our common room to hear her gasp and see a strange black cloud waft up at her face. She started to fall and I shouted her name and rushed forward just in time to catch her before she fell. "Granger?"I said."Granger answer me please?"When I looked down into her pale face and realized that she was not waking up I quickly stood up with her in my arms and started to run towards the door when I realized that as head boy I was allowed to apparate in case of emergency. Holding Granger close I apparated to The hospital wing of the school. Once there i layed her on a bed and started shouting for Madam pomfrey."Mr. Malfoy,"She said turning the corner sharply,"That is enough." When she saw Granger she looked at me and asked quickly what had happened.I explained what I had seen and muttering a spell she waved it over Hermione then sent her patronus to get the headmistress. With a loud crack headmistress Mcgonagal appeared."What is it,"I asked."What is wrong with her."Madam Pomfrey held up her hand for a moment as she gave Hermione a potion. Finally she turned around and looked at both of us. "The black mist you saw Mr. Malfoy was a quick acting poison. Had you taken any longer to get her here Hermione would undoubtably be dead." "But she WILL be ok,"The headmistress asked quickly."Yes,She will" Madame Pomfrey said,"However i would suggest she stay in bed for no less than two days." "I cant do that,"Hermione said from behind us and I was so relieved to hear her voice I ignored what she had just said."This is not optional Ms. Granger ,"The headmistress said in her no nonsense voice."You will stay in bed for not only two days but just to make sure I want you to stay put for three."Hermione opened her mouth to argue and realizing it would get her nowhere said"Can I at least stay in my dorm?"Mcgonagal looked at Madam Pomfrey who said"As long as someone keeps an eye on her it should be fine." I dont know what came over me but I suddenly heard my voice saying "I can do it."They all looked at me in surprise and mcgonagal said"I dont know about this".Hermione said softly" thank you Draco. I accept."Mcgonagal looked at both of them for a moment and said "Fine you are both excused from class for the next three days. However I will be sending Harry and Ginny by with your work so you wont fall behind. I will expect it done as soon as possible." We both nodded then Headmaster McGonagal looked at me and said "Mr. Malfoy A word please?" I nodded and followed her outside."Mr Malfoy, I expect that you will not cross any lines while you are taking care of Ms. Granger. I will hold you personally responsible should any harm befall her. Am I clear?" she said quietly. " I will take care of her," I said quietly. "I should hope so and if anything happens you will notify me immediately." She said. "And Mr. Malfoy?""Yes," I said quietly, waiting to see what she would say. I knew she didn't trust me and I understood why but it still was hard to hear so I was surprised when she looked at me and said "Thank you for saving Ms. Granger.""Uh, you're welcome," I said still surprised. She nodded and then walked away. I turned around and went back into the hospital."We ready to go," I asked. Madame Pomfrey nodded her head and I bent down and picked up Hermione apparating without a word. We reappeared in our dorm and I looked down at Hermione and said" Couch or bedroom?"She blushed and said," Couch please. "As i put her down on the couch she looked at me and said smiling shyly, "We seem to be making a habit of this.""Of what?" I asked."YOU carrying me around" She said. "Thank you.""Not a problem," I responded." Do you need anything?""Not at the moment," She said then there was a knock at the door and I walked to the door. I opened it to find Ginny and Harry. They rushed in both asking questions at the same time. "What happened, "Ginny asked as Harry quickly asked "are you ok?"I smiled at Hermione as I walked into my bedroom to give her and her friends time to talk.

A/N So I will keep trying to get out as many chapters as I possibly can as fast as I can however I have no internet at my house so I have to go elsewhere to put it online. Have patience and feel free to give me feedback on this story. You can also make any suggestions pertaining to the story line that you would like but no promises as to whether I will use them or always Than you for review as thi is my first fan fiction and I need to now how Im doing.Disclaimer:None of the Harry Potter characters in this book are mine. The only thing I own is the plot.Chapter 13Hermiones POVI watched as Draco left the room,surprisingly disappointed to see him go. When he was gone I looked back at Harry and Ginny."What happened,"Harry said quietly."Are you ok?""Madame Pomfrey says im just fine,"I answered."As for what happened ..."I quickly told him how I had found the piece of paper in my book and what happened after I read it. I didnt tell them what exactly was in the note hoping that they wouldnt ask but I should have known Harry wouldn't let it go that easy."What did it say," He asked quietly. I looked away and said " That wasn't really important was it? The point is someone poisoned me.""Hermione," Ginny said quietly, "It is important if we are going to find out who did this so what did it say?"I looked at them both and recited slowly from memory,"The Gryffindor Princess in her tower Becomes a traitor more every hour her fall from grace we soon will see Her good name but a memory.""OH my god,"Ginny said quietly."Who would have sent that?""Did you tell the headmistress,"Harry asked."No Harry. There is no point,"I told him firmly."There is nothing she can do and I will be perfectly fine. She has basically put me under house arrest with Mafoy as my warden."Harry and Ginny exchanged a look."What?"I asked."Why did you look at each other that way?""Are you sure you want to have Draco watching out for you?"Ginny asked."This started after you started hanging out with him.""It also started after Ron decided to act stupid,"I said."IT probably has nothing to do with Draco.""I dont know Mione,"Harry said quietly."It says you are a traitor. They could be talking about your friendship with Malfoy.""Well I dont care what people think,I will be friends with whomever I choose,"Hermione said,"And if anyone has a problem with that they can take it up with me!""Thats what we are afraid of mione,"Harry said sadly."Come on Harry dont worry."Hermione said."We took on Voldomort and his death eaters and we won! How hard could it be to find out who wrote me a letter?Im not gonna run from this Harry!Now we need to make a list of who we think would send me a note like that."She stood up and walked towards the desk to get parchmant and a Quill. Harry and Ginny looked at each other and smiled as they realized Hermione was going to be just fine.Draco's POVAfter I had given Potter a good amount of time with the ladies alone, I waked out to the common room and said,"Potter you gonna be here for a few?""Got a problem with that Malfoy,"Harry said quietly.I felt a quick rush of anger but before I coud say anything Ginny said,"Harry be nice!"I smirked at that and said "Of course not Potter, But Granger has not eaten yet so I was gonna call down to the kitchen for food.I just wanted to know if you had eaten, since we all know Granger wouldnt eat in front of you.""Oh ,"Harry said looking decidedly sheepish,"Yes I would love to eat dinner with you guys if its ok."I nodded and asked,"Ginny how about you?""Yes please," she responded with a smile.I went to the floo and asked for enough food for the four of us and ten minutes later a trio of house elves brought it to us. Soon we were all sitting at the table in the head room dorm. The house elves had brought in finger sandwiches, soup and a selection of different all ate quietly, none of us wanting to disturb the peace of the moment. Finally Harry looked at Hermione and said,"Mione if you are going to disregard what the note says the least you can do is at least make sure that you dont go anywhere alone. I will come by and walk you to class and when I cant Ginny can.""Wait a minute,"I said quietly."That was a note?What kind of note?"There was silence at the table and I noticed Ginny look at Harry. I looked at Hermione and said,"What note Hermione?"She refused to meet my eyes as she muttered,"Its not important."I felt myself begin to get angry as I said again,"What note Hermione?"She finally turned to look at me and said,"Its none of your business!""None of my business,"I spat at her as I stood up very angry now. "Its serious enough to make Potter want you to have a 24 hour guard but its none of my business?""NO Its not,"She said quietly but firmly.I opened my mouth to respond but Potter said quicly,"Ok everyone calm down we can talk about this." I glared at him for a minute then turned to look at Hermione. "Just forget it Granger,"I said stressing her name as her eyes widened. "Obviously its only need to know!"Angrily I walked to my room and slammed the door behind me.I was hurt that after everything we had been through that year she still could not bring hersef to trust me. "Whatever,"I thought,"I dont need her anyway!Let her friends deal with it." But deep down I knew I wouldnt rest until I knew she was out of danger.Hermione POVI looked at Draco's door just as it slammed then slowly I looked at Harry and Ginny. As I looked at their faces I sighed and said,"I was wrong wasn't I?"Ginny quietly said,"That depends on why you did it. Do you not trust him?""Of course I trust him,"I said quickly."Then why keep this from him,"Harry said looking at me in confusion."I mean, as much as I dont like Draco, and believe me, That is still a problem, He IS the one who was here to help you not just with Ron but when this letter came in. Don't you think he deserves to know what is going on? Especially since he is the one that has been put in charge of taking care of you for the next three days.""I know,"I said quietly looking at Harry,"But im concerned he might come to the same conclusion you did. He might think he is the reason this is happening. He carries around enough guilt, He doesnt need anymore.""So you didnt tell him because you didnt want him hurt?"Harry asked."Hermione that was wrong. You hurt him by not telling him and now he probably thinks you dont trust him.""I made a mess of this didnt I,"I asked already knowing the answer. They nodded and I sighed."ok, well I guess he needs to know. Lets finish this first."Ginny gave me a look that said she knew I was still stalling but I ignored it.

A/NSo I have obviously hit a severe case of writers block so the story does not seem to be flowing lately. No worries though I will keep going. If anyone has a thought as to where they want this story to go next feel free to send me a message. I hope you are enjoying this story as much as I have been enjoying writing it. Feel free to review and tell me how you liked this chapter and the ones before especially as pertaining to the threatening message. I decided to make it a rhyme simply as I was tired of the normal threatening messages and wanted something different.Disclaimer:I still do not own Harry Potter. That is a shame but oh well i'll deal with the disappointment.DRACO'S POVI was laying on my bed when I heard the knock on the door. "Draco,"Hermione said quietly.I didnt answer because I was still angry."Draco please?"She said again.I was about to ignore her again when I realized that I was supposed to be helping her for the next three days and I realized that would not be possible if I refused to come out.I stomped over to the door and Jerked it open. "What,"I snapped at her. She looked hurt and I started to feel bad then remembered what she had said to me and glared at her."I thought we should talk,"She said quietly."First I wanted to say im sorry.I do trust you.I was trying to not involve you.""well that is just stupid,"I said still not quite ready to let it go.I saw the anger go across her face and she took a deep breathe."When you walked in the other day to see me collapse, it was because I found a piece of paper in my book. When I opened it there was a note,"She said quickly."I barely had time to read it before it disintegrated into a black powder. The poison was in the mist.""What did it say,I asked again." After she told me my first thought was a traitor?How could she possibly be a traitor?Then it hit me."This is because you have been hanging out with me, right?"I said angrily."Ugh! This is why I didnt tell you,"she said quickly."I knew you would blame yourself!""Why wouldnt I blame myself Granger?"I asked her."Some sick person is targeting you because we are friends!""We dont know that,"She said angrily."It could be for any reason!""But we both know its not likely for any other reason,right,"I asked."Is there any other reason you can think of?"From the look on her face I know the answer. I turn around to walk away and she says "Draco?""What,"I said without looking at her."Will you please stay my friend?"She ased quietly,"Dont change to protect me. I want to be your friend. I cant lose that too."I turned around and saw the tears in her eyes and knew the choice was already made. "I will be there as long as you want me to be Hermione,"I said quietly.She smiled and said"Well Im headed to bed .Good night Draco.""Good night Mione,"I said after that she smiled and went to her room.Hermione's POVI went to my room feeling much better. As I put on my pajamas and got ready for bed I thought over everything that happened that day and I tried to figure out who could possibly hate me enough to send me a poison. Noone immediately came to mind and I decided to just get a good nights sleep and I would try to figure it out tomorrow.I crawled into bed and fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.(Dream)"Please stop,"I cried."I dont know anything.""I dont believe you you filthy little mudblood,"she sneered. I felt the pain as she once again used the crucio curse on me. It felt like fire spreading through my body but I couldnt move,all I could do was scream. Then she was holding me down and as she smiled evily I saw the knife in her hand. My throat was so hoarse from screaming I couldnt do anything but cry. Suddenly I heard someone yell "Stop!"I Turned my head to see Draco pointing his wand at Bellatrix."Leave her alone!"I shook my head wishing he had just stayed silent,knowing how this was going to end."You dare to defy me for this Mudblood?"Bellatrix he could say anything I heard a voice yell,"Crucio!"As Draco screamed and fell I saw his father standing behind him holding his wand. His Father stepped forward and said"You are a blood traitor Draco and you shall die as one."He kept hitting him and hitting him with the crucio curse until finally i SCreamed "Stop! Please don't hurt him."His father looked at me sneered and then yelled,"avada adavra!"As i saw the green light of the killing curse hit Draco i started screaming again as Bellatrix and and his father laughed.(end dream)"Granger? Wake up!" a voice was yelling my name."Granger!"My eyes popped open and I was back in my room with Draco sitting next to me calling my name."You're ok,"I gasped and without thinking I threw my arms around him as the tears ran down my face. "hermione,"He said quietly."Of course i'm ok. Are you?"I shook my head quietly as the tears continued to come. I could still see him lying there after his father killed him and still hear Bellatrix's deranged laughter. "What happened?"Draco said quietly."Do you want to talk about it?"Again I shook my head but as if I couldnt control it I said"He killed you. There was nothing I could do and she was laughing.I was helpless.""Who killed me?"he ased quietly. I just shook my head and buried my head further into his chest."Its ok Mione,"He said quietly."Im ok."I sat there and just let him hold me.Draco's POVI was sound asleep when I was awakened by a scream.I jumped out of bed recognizing that scream and ran into Grangers room where she was thrashing around on the bed screaming."Stop! Please stop! Dont hurt him."She screamed over and over again.I ran over and tried to wake her but it took almost five minutes of yelling her name before her eyes popped open. She threw herself at me as she said "you're ok!"I was confused but I held her close feeling as the sobs shook her for a minute until I could stand it no longer and i asked "What happened?Do you want to talk about it?"She shook her head no but then started talking as if she couldn't help it."He killed you. There was nothing I could do. she was laughing.I was helpless." I couldnt get her to tell me anything else so I sat there holding her stunned to realize she cared that much. I couldnt remember the last time anyone had cared whether I lived or died other than my mother .after a few minutes she looked up at me embarassed and said,"Im sorry I woke you."Her beautiful brown eyes were staring into mine and I coudnt help myself. I bent my head and I kissed her gently. She gasped before returning the kiss. After a moment I pulled away and she looked at me, Then without any other words she laid her head back on my chest. I wasnt sure how long we sat there before I realized that she was asleep again.I gently layed her down on her pillow and covered her with her blanket. I stood up and watched her for a minute to make sure she was sleeping peacefully then went back to my room ready for a sleepless night.A/NSo I finally think I have made it past the block. I wasnt sure how to portray their first kiss but I new it needed to be in a moment of weaness especially for Hermione so she would not overthin it and get in the way of something special tell me what you thin as I am really interested to see if you think i wrote this scene the right way. Please let me know.

Chapter 15Hermione's POVI woke up this morning with the memory of what happened last night between me and Draco as the first thing on my mind.I couldn't quite believe that he had kissed me. What was even more confusing was that I had let him. I knew our relationship had changed alot since last year but I had not realized how much. If someone had told me last year that not only would I be friends with Malfoy this year but that I would be kissing him I would have probably hexed them.I groaned as I realized that not only would I have to face him this morning but I would have to spend three days in close contact with him as I was still not allowed out of my dorm. Maybe I could just stay in my room. As soon as I thought about that possability,I discarded it as I realized if I didnt come out, he would just come in to bring me food and check on me anyway.I sighed as I got up and wrapped myself in my robe."I guess I have to go out sooner or later,"I mumbled.I walked to my door and went out to the common room. As I walked out I smelled the wonderful smell of bacon and eggs, and looked toward the dining area."Good morning,"Draco said. "Hungry?""Yes I am ,"I said feeling a little uncomfortable.I sat at the table and noticed that he had already ate his breafast."I put a warming charm on yours since I didnt know when you would be out,"he said quietly."You feeling better?""Much better Thank you,"I said blushing."Good,"he said."By the way Ginny came by and dropped off your first round of classwork."He pointed over towards the desk in the common room then he sat down and picked up a book he had obviously already been reading.I stared at him for a minute wondering if he was even gonna mention what had happened the night before. After a minute he looked up saw me staring and said,"Did you need anything else?""Um no,"I said quickly."But thank you."I looked down at my breafast and finished it before heading directly over to start my classwork.I usually was able to concentrate on my work without distraction but I kept glancing over towards Draco where he was sitting on the couch.I sighed and thought to myself,"This is going to be a long day."Draco's POVAs expected,after I left her room I was unable to get back to sleep immediately."Why did I do that,"I thought tomyself. One second I was holding her and the next without even nowing why I was kissing her. It was like I couldnt help myself. I just wanted to comfort her and I didnt know how. "Some comfort you idiot,"I thought to myself as I paced."You're lucky she didnt hex you or slap you or both."Not for the first time I wondered what exactly she had dreamed to make her so scared for me. I heard her voice saying,"He killed you. There was nothing I could do and she was laughing.I was helpless." I saw the panic and pain in her eyes and felt the warmth of her in my arms again."What is going on,"I thought."Why am I letting her get to me so much?"I realized at that moment that I actually cared for her. I wanted her to be happy and safe.I knew that she could never like me the same way I liked her. There was too many times I hurt her, too many times I called her that word, too much that had happened between us. I knew deep down that I was not good enough for her. She was a hero.I was the villain and no matter how much I wanted to change that I knew I could never erase what I had done. In that moment I made my decision. Tomorrow when I saw her I would pretend like tonight never happened, and maybe just maybe we could go on like we had started .We could be friends. If that was all I could have from her I would make it enough.The next morning when she came out I could feel the awkwardness in the air. I walked over to grab a book so that she would not want to talk about the incident the night before. I pointed out the breakfast that was waiting for her on the table as I startedreading the next chapter for our potions class.I could feel her staring at me but I ignored it for a minute then finallsy asked'","Did you need anything else?""Um no,"she said said quickly."But thank you."She glanced back down at her breakfast blushing. She quickly finished her breakfast then headed straight to her school work. "Typical Granger,"I thought to myself,"When in doubt bury your head in a book!""like you are doing?" A voice in my head mocked me."Shut up Its not the same thing,"I thought back."Really,"The voice asked."Why not?"I couldnt find the answer so I decided to ignore the voice.I tried again to focus on the potions homework but kept feeling Granger look over at me. Finally I looked up and snarled,"like what you see?"I saw her beautiful brown eyes flash and waited for what I knew was coming. She stared at me a few more seconds shrugged her shoulders and said,"I have seen better,"before she turned around and went back to her work. My jaw dropped for a minute then I smiled as I thought to myself,"Well played Granger,Well played."Hermiones POVA few hours later there was a knock on the door and Draco went to let whoever it was in. Harry and Ginny walked in carrying more books. Ginny handed her stack me and Draco received his stack from Harry who then walked over and put his hand on my shoulder. I looked up and he smiled and quietly asked,"How are you feeling?""Im feeling fine Harry,"I asked. "I ate breakfast then spent the rest of today working on the schoolwork you guys brought this morning.""Well you definitely have more,"Harry said."I think they are trying to keep you busy.""Thats good,"I said with a smile."I already finished what you brought me so far.""Well."Ginny said,"We were wondering if you needed a distraction so we came to visit." I smiled and closed my book."Sure what are we gonna do?"Draco stood up and said"If you guys are going to be here for a little bit,I think I will take a walk alright?"Across the room I noticed Harry and Draco exchange a look and then Harry nodded."I will stay until you get back."With that Draco walked out the door and we started discussing plans for the evening.A/N So I really didnt like what I did with this chapter but im told I am my own worse critic so I posted it anyway. This chapter was more of a filler anyway. Ugh I keep hitting a wall with this story, However I will keep going. If anyone has any ideas of how they want this to go or whom they want the villian to be just PM me ok?Maybe it will help me decide which way I want to go as I have already come up with four different scenarios and not sure which to go with. Thanks again and reviews always help. kvance

A/N So this is a filler chapter mostly. Just bare with me. Im hoping the true action will start way this story is going is crazy. I sit down with a clear way I have planned to write each chapter but so often it seems as if they write theseves with no regard to the outline I previously made. Bare with me please and reviews would be helpful. Thank you.Also I have reedited the early chapters to fix any mess ups.Chapter 16Draco's POVIt was late when I finally headed back to my dorm. I had spent hours with my Slytherin friends trying unsuccessfully to pick up a clue as to whom might be targeting Granger. All I had really observed was how shallow and unchanged most Slytherins had stayed after the war. I was angry at how they had talked about Granger calling her a mudblood and asking why I would be concerned about someone who was obviously beneath us. I felt sick at the thought that I had once been exactly like them, in fact I had been the worst. I was the one they looked to in order to decide how to treat the other students. My old friend Theo Nott was the worst among them. The level of disgust in his voice as he spoke of Granger was worrisome at the least but I didnt think Theo was the one who had targeted her. He was more the in your face type then the hide behind secrecy type.I reached the dorm and after giving the password the dorm swung open and I was met with the site of Potter and Ginny cuddled together on the couch half asleep. I smirked and said "You two need to get a room."Potter spun around as Ginny simply said "Muzzle it Ferret. What took you so long?"Potter smirked at his girlfriend as I rolled my eyes and said,"I was in the Slytherin Dorm trying to get to the bottom of this note problem.I figured if someone was being sneaky and getting away with it , they would be from my house not yours!""Are you trying to say we couldnt get away with something if we tried,"Potter said becoming offended."How do you think we managed to win the war?""I know I know Potter,"I said smiling. If there was anything I loved it was riling up a member of the golden trio."But there is a difference this time.""And what would that be,"He said glaring at me."Whoever it was didnt have Granger to lead them around by the hands like Granger did for you and the weasel,"I said with a smirk."And we all know who the brains are behind your little trio!"Harry snarled but right before it got interesting Ginny yawned and in a deceptively calm voice said,"You know guys,I would hate to have to cast a bat bogey hex on both of you,But I will if you keep this up!"She turned and looked at both of us from her posistion on the couch and said,"Whos first?"Potter and I looked at each other and finally Potter said,"So what did you find out,"In a much calmer voice.I thought for a minute about teasing him for being whipped but then remembered the one and only time I had seen her use that spell and decided to just answer the question."Not really much. Nobody seems to know anything. I can tell you there is not much love lost between them and Granger,But nothing seemed suspicious. In fact Zabini even went so far as to send best wishes and he seemed sincere."At Potters questioning look I elaborated,"Zabini never really was the blood supremacy type. He was just my friend so he hung out with me but made sure that he never really picked a side.I actually used to give him a hard time about it." I looked away from them as I added that last part knowing that it had been wrong. I was surprised to feel a soft hand touch my arm. I looked up and the Ginny was standing there."As far as i'm concerned what matters is what you are doing now,"she said softly."Not what you did. If Hermione trusts you I will give you a chance too." I looked at her in surprise then at Harry who looked just as shocked."However,"Ginny said more firmly sounding more like the Weaselette I was used to,"If you break her trust or mine I have very inventive spells I have learned to make sure you will regret it, and many older brothers to help hide the evidence. Are we clear?"I looked at Potter who smiled at me and said," She is very inventive.""Ok, ok, were clear,"I quickly said to Ginny who smiled at ,patted me on the arm and said,"Tell Hermione I will stop by in the morning. And boys,"she looked at both of us as she went to walk out the door,"Play nice!" With that she was gone.There was silence for a minute then I looked at Potter and said ,"Wow she's scary isnt she?" He grinned and said,"You have no idea!"We talked for a little longer in which Potter told me he would work on the Gryffindor students to see who might be behind the notes and setting up the times I would leave the dorm while he was here so that Granger was never left alone."Ok Malfoy as fun as this has been,"Harry finally said,"I need to go or ill be late for curfew."I nodded and he left quickly shutting the door behind him.I walked over to Grangers room and quietly opened the door to see her sleeping peacefully.I knew tomorrow was going to be a long day so I quickly went to the bathroom showered, got ready for bed and was asleep almost before my head hit the pillow.What seemed like only moments later I was woke up once more by screams coming form Hermiones room. I raced into her room and saw her thrashing around on the bed again."Hermione,"I said shaking her. "Granger wake up!" I yelled.She jerked up to a sitting posistion with her eyes wide open and tears falling helplessly down her face."Im so sorry,i woke you up again didnt I?"She said once she had calmed down."I would have done the silencing spell but I thought you might need to hear what was going on in here in case something happened. You know because of the notes.""Its ok Hermione,"I said softly."Was it the same dream?"She stared at him then nodded her head. "Do you want to talk about it,"I asked. She shook her head no this time and quietly said,"I just want sleep." There was shadows under her eyes and she looked so tired I didnt want to push her on it.I stood up to leave the room and had almost made it out the door when I heard her quietly ask,"Will you stay in here tonight? I just dont want to be alone."I stared at her for a moment and she blushed and said "Never mind It was a bad idea."I sighed and walked over to her,"You know Granger, traditionally when you ask a question you should wait for a response,"I said quietly."If you think it will help for me to sleep in here I will." I sat on the edge of the bed then layed down and pulled her close allowing her to lay her head on my arm with my other arm curved across her waist. She sighed quietly. "Thank you Draco,"She said quietly."Good night.""Good night Hermione,"I said. I laid there and listened as her breathing slowly became regular and she went to sleep,but it was a long time before I was able to follow.

A/N HI everyone. First off let me say Thanks again for continueing to read my story. Secondly Please let me know if you likethe riddles as my 11 year old asked if she could write a few and is excited to know what you think. Also If anyone can helpme with a title for this story I will of course give credit to you in the summary. Thanks!Disclaimer:By the way still do not own Harry Potter series.Hermione's POVChapter 17When I woke up the next morning I was alone I stretched slowly realizing I felt more rested and happy then I had in a long while.I realized thatafter Draco laid down next to me I felt so safe that I had drifted off to sleep and had stayed that way. I looked at my clock andgasped as I realized that it was past noon. I never slept that long even during the summer.I had been asleep for going on 11hours. I quickly got out of bed and grabbed a clean set of clothes and walked into the bathroom to get ready for the day.Even though I knew I would not be allowed out of my dorm I couldnt stand the thought of lazing around in mypajamas for another my shower I charmed my hair as I slid into my clothes. I had decided to wear a simple pair offaded jeans and my favorite T-Shirt. I decided against shoes as I would be home all day but felt immensely better just doingthe simple ordinary thing of getting ready for the day.I walked out of my room and headed down to the common roomexpecting to see Draco there but when I got there Ginny was sitting on the couch."Hi,"I said the surprise evident in my tone I assume cause she laughed and said"Dont act surprised. I am your best friend. I came over after Draco asked if I could head over here on my free period cause he had somewhere he needed to go.""Oh,"I said grateful that it was her that was here rather then Draco. I knew with my emotions on the roller coaster theycurrently seemed to live on that we could both use the space."So how is it going,"I asked her as I went to make myself a cupof coffee the house elves had obviously dropped off earlier.Ginny's eyes twinkled with mischief as she started to let me know about the gossip that I had missed. By the time she wasdone with her story involving Luna and her narkles and a very confused first year,I was laughing so hard I was almost in tears."Omg,"i said clutching my stomache."Stop!I cant take it anymore!" Ginny smiled at me. "Ready to eat,"she said."The houseelves have had it under a warming charm for an hour and a half already but Draco said I wasnt to wake you up since youhadnt had much sleep."She looked at me closely as she asked,"How would he know that Mione?"As I blushed she smirked atme in a very Slytherin fashion."ugh Ginny,"I said in exasparation."I had a nightmare and he woke me up so I would stop screaming that's all."Ginny lookedat me in concern and said"Another nightmare mione? Darn ron! I'm definitely gonna hex him next time I see him!""No Ginny,"I said quickly because I knew for a certaintity that she meant it,"It wasnt Ron this time." She looked at me andI saw the realization hit."Bellatrix,"She asked quietly. I nodded even though it was not the same dream as before butsomehow I was not ready to share Draco's part of the dream with anyone else."Are you ok,"she asked. I nodded yes she said"No wonder Draco looked as if he had barely slept."I thought about that for a minute wishing that he had been as comfortable there as I was having him there.I decided I wouldmake sure not to wake him the next night even if it meant staying up.I walked over to the table as I asked her"Are you hungry too?"In an effort to change the subject. She looked at me a momentas if trying to decide whether she would let me get away with that obvious distraction then must have decided in my favorbecause all she said was "No I ate in the Great Hall you go ahead.I sat down to one of my favorite meals. The main course was a nice sized bowl of Broccoli and cheese soup made justthe way I liked sides were a small garden salad and a baked potato loaded just the way I like it. My drink was a brownishliquid called sweet tea. As i sat down to eat Ginny continued to bring me up to speed on what had been going on in theschool since I had been stuck here. About halfway through my meal I suddeny started to feel a ittle queasy and short ofbreath. I quickly took a drink of my tea but instead of helping it felt like it was caught in my throat.I started gasping for air andGinny jumped up. "Mione? Mione are you all right?" I tried to answer her but couldnt. Quickly I waved her over and grabbedher shoulder. She stood close and with a crack I apparated to the hospital wing. As i got there I felt weak and heard Ginnyyell my name. Then everything went black.When I woke up the first thing that crossed my mind was that I was breathing normally. I took in a deep breathe of air just totest and felt my chest expand. I heard a gasp then someone said"Shes awake. Get Madame Pomfrey. "I slowly opened my eyes to see Ginny, Harry and Draco crowded around my bed. "What... What happened,"I saidhuskily. Ginny started to cry and hugged me close."You almost died again,"she whispered."This time it was was inyour soup."I was definitely surprised to hear that. How would anyone be able to get to my soup? It was prepared by houseelves in the kitchen. My thoughts were interrupted by Madame Pofrey coming over to check me."How are you feeling Ms. Gramger,"she asked me while waving her wand over me."Much better,"I whispered."I couldnt breathe and my chest hurt. I tried to take a drink but it just made it worse. They told meit was poison. Are we sure?""Unfortunately we are miss Granger,"The headmistress said coming around the corner."And noone can seem to figure outhow it made it there.""We found another letter,"Draco said quietly. "It was sitting under her tray."I felt my mouth drop open and I said"What did it say?"Harry frowned and said"it of course disappeared like last time but it said"The Gryffindor Princess in her towerBecomes a traitor more every hourbetraying her princeshe kissed a snake.now its venom she must take"I gasped in shock as my eyes flew to Draco. He was watching me with concern in his silver- blue eyes. My mind was busytrying to catch the implications in that note. How did someone already find out about that kiss? I hadnt told anyone evenGinny. Draco and I hadnt even discussed it.Headmistress McGonagall cleared her throat and broke the silence that had filled the room. "OK all of you,"She said firmly."I believe miss Granger needs to rest. Everyone out. You may visit later. Mr. Malfoy and MR. Potter, I would like you tomeet me in my office in half an hour."Everyone nodded and left telling me they would visit later. Madame Pomfrey gave me to vials and told me I needed to takethem. One was to make sure the rest of the poison was safely out of my system and the other was Dreamless sleep to makesure that I rested. I nodded and soon I felt myself falling last thought was"Who knew about the kiss and how?"A/N So what did you think. I wasnt quite sure how to end it so if it was a little quick I apologize. I might not be able toupdate for a week or so so I will post more than one chapter today. Thanks for your patience and please review!

Hermiones POVTrue to her word Madame Pomfrey allowed me to have visitors later that evening.I was worried that there would be the inevitable question about what was happening as well as what the riddle meant but I was pleasantly surprised that when Harry and Ginny arrived they did not ask any questions. It was as if they decided that tonight there would be no talking about anything serious and instead they started to tell me about what had been going on in the school that they thought I would want to know. It seemed that peeves had been up to his old tricks again. He had amused himself by scaring a first year into a empty classroom and then locking it so that they were stuck inside. If it wasnt for another student sneaking into the hall to have alone time with their boyfriend noone knew how long he would have been there before he was released. As Harry and Ginny were discussing laughingly what they suspected the couple were really up to in that hallway the infirmary door opened again and this time I saw the face I had been instinctively looking for."Hi,"I said with a smile in Draco's direction and was slightly confused when he didnt give me a smile in return."I was just checking to see how you were doing,"He said in a bored tone as if he didnt really care,His habitual Malfoy reserve fully back into place."Um fine I think,"I said slowly trying to understand why he was suddenly so distant as if he was inquiring about a stranger. "Madame Pomfrey says I can leave tomorrow."He gave a small smile, but I could tell it wasnt a real one and said in a voice I could only describe as a professor Snape voice, "Im glad to hear it I will see you tomorrow then."Without another word he turned and walked back out the door.I was so stunned at his abrupt departure that I barely noticed Harry had excused himself and left as well.I turned back to Ginny. She was staring at me with such worry in her face that I quickly put a smile on my face and asked her to tell me more about her day. I could tell she wasnt quite convinced but knew I wouldnt say anymore so she answered the question.Harrys POVI hurried quickly out of the infirmary determined to catch up with Malfoy. As I closed the door I saw him not too far ahead of me and yelled,"Malfoy!"He spun around and said coldly,"What do you want Potter? Can't you tell I'm in a hurry?"I quickly caught up to him and said "What in Merlins name was that?""What was what Potter?"He asked daring me to continue."You hurt her in there and you know you did and I want to know why,"I said firmly ignoring the warning in his voice.What do you think it was Potter."He said scathingly,"I dropped by to see how she was doing and now that I have im headed to bed.""You are a terrible liar Malfoy,"I said determined to make him talk."You used to be much better at it. You made a point to be as distant as it is possible to be while you were talking to her regardless of her feelings and I want to know why!""Dont be dense Potter,"Malfoy bit out coldly."I'm sure if you think about it for awhile you might be able to figure it out in that pea sized brain of yours or have you allowed her to think for you for so long you dont have the ability to reason it out yourself!""Why dont you explain it to me,"I said trying not to get angry and lash back at wouldnt do any good and I could tell he was itching for a fight. There was barely contained fury in his tone and in the way he was holding his fists balled up by his side."Forget it Potter,"He said snidely,"Im not about to explain myself to you.""What is it Draco,"I taunted him."Finally figured out she is beneath your notice? You are The Slytherin Prince arent you? Too good to hang out with someone who is so far beneath you?Araid to dirty yourself hanging out with a filthy muggle?""Shut UP!" He ground out between his teeth but I kept going knowing I had to get him to lose control in order to make him talk."Im surprised you lasted this long,"I taunted him,"I figured you wold show your true colors much quicker. I wondered how long before you would remember that you are so far superior to her. Im surpised you could even be able to breathe the same air as such a ugly dirty little Mud-"I didnt get any further before He had his wand pointed at me and yelled "stupify!" Luckily for me I had expected it and cried out"Protego" and watched as my sheld bounced off his attack."How could you Potter,"He ground out ,"I thought she was your friend?"His wand was still pointed at me and I made sure to keep mine at the ready as I said quietly,"I didnt mean anything I just said but I needed to shake you out of whatever control you had going so you would talk to me. Did it work? Are you ready to talk yet?"I watched in amusement as he realized what had just happened and in a surprised voice he whispered,"You really should have been in Slytherin Potter, you know that right?""Um thanks, I think,"I said smiling,"Now can we put our wands down and discuss what just happened in there? I still want to know." Draco looked at his wand like he had forgotten it was there and slowly put it away as I did the same.I stood there quietly waiting until finally Draco sighed and leaned against a wall."Look Potter I really would expect you of all people to be able to get this,"He said slowly,"She is being threatened because she is friends with me. So if we are no longer friends..."He paused waiting for me to catch on and I slowly said "So you have decided to be an utter prat and hurt her to keep her from being hurt?You do know how ludicrous that sounds right?"His eyes flashed and he said angrily,"What do you want from me Potter? Im trying to save her life and you are worried about her feelings? Its best if I simply stay away from her! Than there will be no reason for anyone to think she is a traitor."I looked at him for a minute and said"You know she will never allow this right?""Well too bad Potter,"He sneered angrily,"Unlike you I dont have to do everything she says. She doesnt have a choice this time!"I couldnt help it even though I knew it would make him angry, I started to laugh. He stared at me like I had grown an additional head and stiffly said,"What do you find so funny?""Sorry,"I said immediately gaining control of myself."Hermione is not that easy to control."He glared at me and turned to walk away."Draco,"I said softly. He stopped but didnt turn around."The day after Ron atacked Hermione I asked you a question. DO you remember it?"He turned to look at me before stiffly nodding his head. "I was wondering,"I asked slowly."Did you ever figure out the answer."he stared at me a moment more before he sighed and said softly,"I think so.""And after coming up with that answer,"I said,"Can you truly just walk away?"He opened his mouth to answer but I held up my hand to stop him. "I dont need to know the answer to that. Only you need to know."He looked at me and I saw sadness in his eyes as he said,"I cant be the reason she's hurt Potter. I have enough guilt to last a lifetime. I dont think I could handle it. How many more near misses will she get before whoever this is doesnt miss any longer. We cant always be there 24 hours a day. What if they dont fail next time?""And what if the attacks dont stop because you have stepped away,"I said,"What if all you accomplish is giving the person more time to get to her? You are the only one who can be there after curfew."He looked at me for a moment and said,"You are smarter than I give you credit for Potter."I laughed and said,"Can I get that in writing please?""No,"he said with a smile "and if you tell anyone I will just deny it. Lets go say good night to Granger before visiting time is over."I smiled and said,"lead the way," opening the door for him.When Draco looked at me in surprise I laughed and said,"Well with the way you ticked her off I dont want to be the first target coming through that door." He looked a little ill at that thought and still laughing I pushed him in the door following closely behind so I could make sure to see the show.Hermione's POVI looked up as the door swung open again surprised to see Draco coming through the door looking slightly ill with a laughing Harry behind him. I looked from one to the other but since I was still mad at Draco for his hurtful behavior I looked at Harry and simply said,"Hi Harry," before turning back to talk to Ginny. I faintly heard Harry say what sounded like,"And you thought Ginny was scary," before I looked over and saw Harry watching me with what he thought was an innocent smile. Draco was still standing there looking unsure of himself but I continued to ignore him."Granger," he said quietly and I pretended I hadnt heard him.I gestured for Ginny to go on in the story she had been telling me and with a confused look she started talking again. I heard him step closer and he said a little louder this time,"Granger!"Ginny stopped again and I shot her a look and she started again throwing uneasy glnces between me and Draco.I felt him glaring at the back of my head before he slowly walked over to me and said in a quiet lethal tone,"Hermione. You will not ignore me."By this point Ginny had stopped talking and was just watching us with her mouth wide open but I refused to budge an inch.I was angry and I was not going to deal with him right now. He opened his mouth to say something else but at that moment Madame Pomfrey came out and said," Alright time to go everyone. Our patient needs her rest."As Harry and Ginny said good night I continued to ignore Draco. He just stood there staring and finally I couldnt resist any longer and I turned my head towards him after Ginny and Harry were gone. I had underestimated how close he was because when I turned he was so close our noses were almost touching.I saw his trademark smirk on his face right before he said,"You will not continue to ignore me Hermione. I will make it impossible. See you tomorrow."Without saying anything more he turned and walked out the door leaving me stunned by the amount of certainty I heard in his tone. Madame Pomfrey bustled over with two more vials of medicine in her hand and insisted I drink them. As I felt the effects of the dreamless sleep potion I curled up and closed my eyes thankful for the chance to rest peacefully for a night.Draco's POVI walked out the door to the infirmary to find Professor Mcgnagall there with Harry."Ah Mr. Malfoy,"she said quickly."I need you and Mr. Potter to stand guard on the infirmary tonight to make sure that nothing happens to our miss Granger. Madame Pomfrey will watch inside you two will watch out here. If you are to feel in any way like something is happening I want you to notify me immediately, am I understood?"I stood there stunned as I realized that this meant I would be spending all night standing watch with Harry. Why would she trust me for this when I had already failed to protect her twice. When I asked her she looked at me and smiled."Mr. Malfoy may I ask you a question,"she said quietly.I nodded and she asked,"Were you on guard either of the times she recieved these notes? I only ask this Mr. Malfoy because in the first instance noone was aware that she was even in any danger and the second time, If im not mistaken Ginny weasley was tasked with guarding her. Am I correct in this assessment?"I nodded and she smiled and said,"Then I dont see why I should not trust you now. Do you Mr. Malfoy?"I quickly said,"No Professor,""Good,"she said quickly."Carry on then."With that she walked away.Through the long course of the night Potter and I didnt really talk much. For the most part we simply practiced our wandless spells to keep ourselves busy. By the time morning came around we were both tired and I had nearly mastered my protego spell. After Mcgonagall came by and released us from our shift I barely had the energy to move but I invited Harry to the heads dorm to sleep on the couch since I knew everyone in Gryffindor would be getting up and he was not likely to sleep there. He agreed and we entered the head dorms and I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

Paste your docuA/N So this chapter is definitely longer then normal but I hope you enjoy it. Please let me know how it is. Since I can only update around once a week I decided to make the chapters longer. Hope you enjoy and as always:I dont own any of the Harry Potter characters or anything you might recognize. The plot alone is mine.Dracos POVWhen I woke up later that day I walked downstairs to see Potter sitting on the couch obviousy lost in thought."Everything ok Potter,"I asked quietly hoping something more had not gone wrong in the short time I had been asleep. He looked at me for a moment before slowly shaking his head.I stood there for a minute before finally walking over to one of the armchairs with a sigh."Might as well get this over with"I thought resignedly. "Potter,"I said quickly,"There is obviously something on your mind so why dont you just spit it out?""I was just wondering,"he said slowly,"Something about the attack doesnt make sense you know?" He ran his hands through his hair in aggravation."Trademark Potter move,"I thought with a smirk."What doesnt make sense Potter,"I asked even though I knew he had probably come up with the same things as I did."Well for one,"Potter said,"How did the poison get in the food in the first place?It came straight from the kitchens. It should have been safe.""I was wondering about that as well Potter,"I said. "Maybe it was a house elf acting on orders from someone. I mean it had to be while they were in the kitchens. Ginny was here when I left and Hermiones food hadnt even got here yet. Also according to Ginny noone came by while she was here.""Its strange,"Potter said quietly,"But we have to figure it out. Did you get anything new from the Slytherins yesterday?""No,"I said,"How about the Gryffindor's?""As much as I hate to think it could be a Gryffindor,"Harry began,"I did ask around. I didnt find out anything new. I was going to talk to the ladies and see if sthey could find out something.""Fine,"I said quietly turning to walk away."Draco,"Harry said in a low serious tone and I knew what was coming.I turned around and gave him a look that made normal people stop talking. I should have known it wouldnt work on the boy who refused to die!He stood up and walked a little closer.I couldnt help but smirk at his attempt to be intimidating."What did the riddle mean when it said,"He said quietly while glaring quite impressively,"She kissed a snake?"Even though I had been expecting the question since I found the riddle I still did not quite know how to answer it."I guess you would have to ask Granger about that,"I told him. "Why would you assume I would have your answers?""Maybe because you decided this was all your fault and tried to leave last night,"He said quickly."If you weren't the snake she kissed,why would you assume it was your fault?" I looked at him in surprise and felt a grudging respect for him. Maybe Granger wasnt the only member of the Golden Trio that had brains."If I had kissed Granger,"I said slowly,"It would be none of your business and I certainly would not kiss and tell. So again I am going to have to tell you to ask Granger."Harry looked at me again for a long moment and then said," If you were,hypothetically speaking of course, The one who had kissed the girl I think of as my only sister, Then I would have to warn you, hypothetically of course, That if you are playing a game with her, I will kill you. I will not hesitate and you know I am quite capable of it."I had to admit I was impressed. Maybe Potter was more capable of intimidation then I had original thought. If I had been a lesser man I would have been shaking in fear at this point. Wasnt it a lucky thing that I am not a lesser man? I opened my mouth to tell him he didnt scare me but as I did the door opened and Ginny and Hermione walked in. They saw us standing so close together and I saw them exchange a look."Whats going on in here,"Ginny asked looking back and forth between us. Harry stepped away from me and smiled at her."Nothing Ginny,"He said quickly,"We were just discussing hypothetical situations, right Malfoy?""Of course,"I said quickly. I saw the suspicion on both girls faces before Ginny walked towards Harry and said,"Thats all?" I heard him start to stammer out a response and I smirked before my gaze fell on Hermione and I noticed she was raising an eyebrow at me.I walked towards her and stopped right in front of her."Talking to me yet,"I asked her. When she just stared at me I sighed and said"How long are you gonna continue this? Im sorry ok?"I saw her eyed widen and I said"Yes,I apoligized alright? It never happens so could I get a response please?""Tell me why,"she whispered."Why what?"I asked confused."Why would you do that to me,"She whispered,"why treat me like that?I thought we were friends?" Her eyes glistened and I knew she was about to cry."I was trying to protect you alright,"I said quietly." This is all happening to you because of me."I saw her open her mouth to argue with me and I cut her off,"Dont even try to tell me it isnt. Just think about the last riddle!"I made sure my voice was quiet enough that it wouldnt carry to the couple still talking a few feet away. She crossed her arms and said with a hint of anger in her tone,"So you felt you would make my decision for me?You decided I didnt have the right to choose my friends? You are doing the same thing as the person sending the threats!They want to take away my decisions too! And I for one am not going to let them."By this point her voice had rose and we had definitely caught Potter and the Weasley's attention."I said Im sorry,"I told her starting to get angry at her tone."What do you want from me?""Just dont do that to me again,"she said quietly."I need all of my friends right now and like it or not, you are one of them."She looked at me and I saw the pleading look in her eyes."Promise me,"she said again her eyes never leaving mine."Fine,"I said quietly unable to ignore the look in her eyes,"I promise!"She smiled and turned to Ginny and Harry. "OK so what is our next move."Harrys POVAfter Hermione asked for our next move Ginny said,"First off we get you sitting like Madame Pomfrey said."When Hermione went to argue Ginny put her hands on her hips and looking quite like Molly weasely she said,"or do you not want to be able to go back to class tomorrow?"Hermione narrowed her eyes and stomped over to couch then threw herself down and said,"There! Are you happy now?"I turned away to hide my smile knowing that if I was caught Hermione wuld make my life hard. Unfortunately for him noone had explained this to Draco whom Hermione caught openly smirking."Something funny Ferret?"she asked softly and before he could answer I whispered,"Watch out. She will make you sorry." He looked at me and then straightening his face said,"No of course not.""Good,"She said with a smirk."If I am going to be stuck here then I guess we will have to work right here."Ginny and I groaned and Hermione laughed. "Well? What are you waiting for?" Draco smiled at both of us and said,"Well, I have a meeting with McGonagall about our head duties so I will be back later."Hermione gave him a look that said she knew exactly how full of it he was and he walked out the door."So Hermione,"Ginny said after a few minutes studying.I noticed that Ginny had a look on her face that didnt bode well for this conversation."Hmmm,"Hermione responded distracted."What happened after you kissed Draco?"She said quietly."Not much,"Hermione said distractedy not noticing what was being said,"We basically just went to bed,"I watched as she realized what she had just admitted. She looked up quickly to find me and Ginny just staring at her. She looked from my face to Ginny's smiling one and said,"That was so low Ginny! You knew I was distracted!""You wouldnt have admitted if you hadnt been,"Ginny laughed. "I took the opportunity." Hermione glared at Ginny and then looked back at her homework. Ginny just kept looking at her and I knew this conversation wasn't sighed in annoyance and pushed her books away. Looking at Ginny she said,"What?Stop staring at me!"Ginny smiled and I knew from the look on her face that i was not going to like where this conversation was headed.Leaning forward she said,"So how was it?"My face flaming I jumped up knowing I was not prepared to hear this conversation and muttered something about food and left hearing Ginny's laughter behind me.Hermiones POVI coud not believe what Ginny had just asked me. She even did it in front of Harry. I've never seen him leave that fast."I am not discussing this Ginny,"I said quickly."Why would you even ask me that?"She looked surprised."Why would I ask you,"She screeched."Hermione you are my friend! Of course I am gonna ask you!I mean, come on ,Its Draco Malfoy!His legend proceeds him!""I am not discussing this,"I said again sternly."It was a mistake that will not be repeated. He is my friend and I want to keep him that way.""You are gonna friend zone Draco Malfoy?"Ginny asked in amazement."Why?This isnt about Ron is it."I sighed knowing that at least momentarily homework was not an option."No it is not about Ron, Ginny."I answered. "I just dont want the drama of another relationship at the moment." when she opened her mouth to argue I cut her off,"Besides dont you think I have enough to deal with?Someone is trying to kill me, Im trying to pass my newts and I still dont know what to do about your brother."She sighed and I thought for a moment she agreed with me."What about him Mione,"She said quietly."Does he even get a choice?What if he doesnt want to be friends?""He does,"I said quickly,"Until that stupid threat he didnt even mention our kiss. It was like he wanted to forget it too."She was quiet for a moment and then said,"Fine, I will leave it alone for the moment, but we will come back to it later.""Im sure we will,"I said with a sigh happy that at least for the moment the questions would stop.The next few days went well. I went back to class the next day concerned about missing so much class but quickly realized that I was still ahead of the class. The only thing that had changed was the overprotective way the boys hovered over me. I was not allowed to eat anything until they had checked it for poison. I was never alone for any reason other than to go to the bathroom. So you can imagine by the end of the week I was ready to explode. I was standing there waiting while they decided who was going to watch me this time. Harry had quittich practice but Draco had detention due to a unfortunate accident in potions in which Ron accidently was splashed with a potion that gave him an unsightly rash on his face. The whole situation was escalated when Draco mentioned casually that he should thank him as it was obviously an improvement causing Ron to throw hexes at Draco. Finally after listening to them for a few minutes I lost it."Look,"I said quickly. "I am not a child. You are driving me crazy. I want some time alone. Both of you leave."They both started to argue and I held up my hand and said,"This is not a debate. I will be careful. I will eat nothing until testing it for poison.I will in short do everything you guys do. I will keep my wand handy at all times now go before I hex both of you to prove I can handle myself!"Harry looked at me and said,"Are you sure?I dont want to take a chance with you."I sighed and said,"Im fine Harry. Now please go. You too Draco,"I said turning to face him. He gave me a dirty look and said,"Fine! But no one comes in but me or Potter Or Ginny got it?"I rolled my eyes and said,"Fine. Im ok with that. I just want some space. Now go." Still looking hesitant both boys walked out the door. I spent the next couple of hours doing some homework and then I wandered around bored for a few minutes. As I walked past the bathroom I saw the huge tub and smiled as I thought of a relaxing bubble bath while I was still here alone. I started the tub and grabbed a muggle book I was reading called Little women and walked to the bathroom already more relaxed than I had been in a week.Dracos POVI finished detention and hurried back towards our dorm anxious to make sure everything was alright with Hermione. As I walked into our dorm I noticed that noone was in the common room and headed towards Her room to let her know I was there.I started to panic when I noticed she was not there either. I headed back down to the common room when I noticed the light was on in the bathroom and the door was closed. I knocked lightly and called "Hermione?"She didnt answer so I knocked again and when there was still no answer,I pounded on the door. There was a screech and I said again."Hermione are you ok?"Right as I was about to open the door I heard her yell back,"Yes Im fine! Ill be right out."I headed down to the common room right as there was a tap on the door. I opened it to find Potter standing there still in quittich uniform. He walked in and said,"I figured she hadnt eaten yet so the house elves are bringing up enough food for all of us. Ginny is on her way too." He looked around and then said,"Wait where is Hermione?""In the bathroom,"I said."She said she will be right out."Potter walked over to the couch and a few minutes later there was a knock on the door and it opened to let Ginny in. Soon after Hermione came down dressed in her pajamas and sat down next to Harry as they started discussing the transfiguration homework.A few minutes later the house elves showed up with our dinner. It was steak and a loaded baked potato with a side salad.After checking all the food we dug in and everyone was quiet for a few minutes. After dinner we went back to the couch and pulled out our books to study. When Hermione grabbed hers a piece of paper fell out. She reached to grab it but I grabbed her hand before she could touch it.I waved my wand over it murmuring the words I knew would reveal any type of enchantments on the paper. I looked at Harry and then said,"Its safe."Hermione looked pale as she slowly reached out to grab the paper. She read itout loud this time so we could all hear it."The Gryffindor princess in her towerCarefully guarded every hourbut very soon her friends will be goneand thats when things will all start to go wrong."As she finished speaking both Draco and Harry jumped up and pulled out their wands. Ginny grabbed the note out of Hermiones hands and threw it away from them. They all stared at it for a moment before Ginny said,"I dont understand. Why is nothing happening?" They all looked at each other before Harry summoned his patronus to bring Mcgonagall to the heads room. She was there in minutes and they found themselves asked over and over again to repeat exactly what happened. Of course no one knew exactly how the note had once again managed to find its way into her book since she now was responsible for her own books. Finally Mcgonagall took the note and left telling the painting to only allow teachers and the four students who were in the room acess for further notice. After she left Harry and Ginny left to go back to their dorms and Draco and Hermione found themselves alone. He walked over to her and said softly,"You ok?""Not really,"she said with a sigh."The war is over. This was suppose to be my normal year, and now here we are again. We are fiighting an enemy that we cant see, but can definitely get to us. And now whoever it is has brought my friends into it."He looked at her the question wrote all over his face. "The riddle,"She whispered."Very soon her friends will be gone."He looked up at her as the meaning of that phrase suddenly hit him. He hadnt really payed attention to that line as he had only heard the threat to Hermione. "That was a clear threat to you guys,"she said quietly."We can handle this,"He said quickly."Noone is goning to be hurt. We survived a war for merlins sake. Some coward who cant even be bothered to show his face isnt going to get the best of us." She smiled at him and gave him a quick hug."Im just tired, i think,"she said. "Im going to get to bed now. I will see you in the morning."He looked at her face for a moment then slowly she walked up to her bedroom he wondered exactly what she was thinking.HERMIONES POVAs I shut my bedroom door I pondered my problem. Whoever was writing these notes was obviously not going to stop. I sat on the side of my bed and after a few minutes I lay down to try to sleep. As I fell asleep I knew without a doubt that no matter what happened I was not going to let my friends be harmed. I had lost too many people already I would not lose anymore. I was going to fight back.A/NSo How did this chapter turn out. What did you think of the note this time? What do you think Hermione's going to do next? Hopefully the next chapter will be out soon.I have to go to town to put it online so that would explain the delay between chapters. Im going to speed up the plot very soon. Less Dramione and more action. As usual if you have any requests or any suggestions as to the plot I would love to hear them.

Paste your document here...HERMIONES POVIf i thought the boys had been protective before it was nothing to what happened next. They were convinced that since no attack had happened at the same time as the note, it would definately be coming soon. If someone even approached me they went into defensive mode in some cases scaring the students so much that they stopped coming back. I was very frustrated since as Head Girl it was my job to be there for questions and to help the other students. I found myself wishing whomever it was would just try something so that at least we would not be stuck in this waiting pattern unsure what to do next. Intellectually I realized that this was probably their intent and it angered me that we were doing exactly what they had intended us to do. I knew I had to take a stand but as long as Draco and Harry had their way I would not be able to do anything.I felt like time was going to run out and my assailant would come out not by attacking me but one of my friends. Finally when I had had enough I decided that if the only way to draw him or her out would be to give him something to come out for then I would do that first I had to find a way to get rid of my friends. I knew whoever it was would not attack directly unless I was alone and unprotected. So I formed a plan. I decided that the best time to do it would be during a time when both boys were busy with other things. I enlisted Ginny's help by telling her I needed some time alone to talk to Draco and with a roll of her eyes and a smirk worthy of Malfoy she promised to keep Harry busy to give us some time. I felt bad lying to her but I needed this to end sooner rather than later. After about half an hour with Malfoy doing homework in our common room I suddenly remembered Mcgnagall asking to see Draco that evening. Of course It was a lie but I comforted myself again with the knowledge that I was protecting those I care about. After protests from Draco I reminded him that I was safe in the common room just like the other night when I stayed and took a bath and he finally left telling me he would be back as soon as possible. As soon as he left I put my wand in my hand and left the common room making sure that I stopped to talk to other students on my walk so it would be obvious that I was alone.I had been walking a few minutes when I started to feel like I was being watched. My hand tightened on my wand in my robes and I kept going towards the library pretending I didnt notice anything. I stopped a couple of times to make sure that I didnt hear anything and on the second time I heard it. There were footsteps and I heard them stop walking as I stopped. I smiled to myself as I realized it looked like someone had taken the bait. My palms became sweaty as I realized that this time they would not be okay with just following. I started to walk a little faster suddenly realizing exactly how deserted this hallway breathe started to come faster as I heard the footsteps get faster to keep up with me.I spun around with my wand raised ready to protect myself when I saw my attacker. "What do you want,"I growled in anger as Ron Weasley walked towards me."Ive been waiting for a moment to speak with you alone,"he said quietly."Bu you always seem to have someone with you."He started walking closer and I said quickly,"Stop now or I will hex you."He stopped and looked at me for a minute before he sighed and said,"Look,I just wanted to apologize for what happened. I know I was wrong but I needed you to know I am sorry. You and Harry are my best friends and..""Were,"I said sternly,"we were your best friends. You ruined that, not us."I saw the anger flash across his face before he quickly masked it with a smile. How was I ever fooled by him? I saw what I wanted to see I guess."Look,"he said quietly with more false sincerity in his voice,"Why dont we start again? We can be friends right? I dont want to lose you mione."I shuddered at the sound of my nickname coming out of his mouth and shook my head."Its too late Ron,"I said."We cant just forget that you tried to force me to do something I didnt want to. I cant just forget everything that has happened. I hope you find someone but that someone will not be me."I saw the anger this time simply because he did not try to mask it."Look you little tease,"He said angrily,"I am not going to let you ruin my life. Harry wont talk to me and Ginny looks at me like I am the scum beneath her feet.I will not be an outcast because you have everyone fooled to believe that you are innocent in all this!"As he spoke he walked a little closer and my hand started to shake. As much as I wanted to I couldnt hurt him. No matter what he had done he was still Ron."Stop,"I said firmly."Dont make me hex you!""You cant,"He said laughing, "You cant hurt me. You still care about me."He was almost to me and I knew he was right. I started to shake as the memory of before came back. I had to protect myself somehow...Suddenly Ron stopped and I saw anger flood his face again as he looked at something over my shoulder and I knew who was there right before his voice said,"She might not be able to but I can weasel."There was a calm about his voice that was more scary then the anger I usually heard.I turned around staying well away from Ron to face Draco. He ignored me as he looked at Ron."Well weasel,"he taunted ron,"Want to take on someone who is willing to fight back? Or are YOU all talk." He walked forward wand in hand, His eyes never leaving just glared at him and said nothing.Draco smirked. "Oh I see,"he said with a sneer."Its only people who cant fight back that you want to take on." I saw Rons face tighten as his hands fisted at his sides. "Why was he pushing Ron,"I thought to myself."Draco,"I asked quietly,"Lets just go please." Draco didnt even spare me a glance as all his attention was centered on Ron and I knew then that I was wrong. He was angry, terrifyingly so."Here ,"he said quietly to Ron,"Lets make it more your type of fight."With that he turned and put his wand down on a nearby table."Now you want to take me on,"he asked. I gasped in shock. "What was he thinking? He was unarmed and Ron had his wand. Surely Ron wouldnt fight an unarmed man. My thoughts were interrupted by Ron yelling "Stupify,"Before I could even blink a shield rose around Draco and I was blinking in shock as Rons stupify bounced off and back at Ron. He dodged it with a stunned look on his face."You are an idiot weasel, and a coward,"Draco said. "I was in the war you really think that during something like that I didnt learn any wandless magic?"By this point we were beginning to gather an audience. Ron glared at us both for making him look like a a moment he glared at me and said,"You arent worth this,"and walked away. I turned to look at Draco and realized that for the first time he was actually looking at me. The anger in his eyes was frightening in its intensity but somehow I knew he would not hurt me."Draco," I started to say but he put his hand up to me to wait. Picking up his wand he conjured a corporeal Patronus, a dragon of course, and whispered something to it before it took off. Then without anther word he took ahold of my arm and led me back to our common room. As we walked inside I pulled away from him and walked a short distance away then turned to face him.He was leaning against the wall just staring at me and I began to feel uneasy. I watched him for a minute before I finally said,"Would you say something?"He looked at me for a minute more then started walking toward me."And what would you have me say,"He asked softly,the anger still evident in his tone."What could I possibly say that you dont already know?"By this point he was less than a foot away from me and I could feel the anger radiating off him. I was starting to feel nervous before he continued,"Perhaps I could say How stupid that was? Or how angry I am that you tricked me into leaving so that you could purposely endanger yourself?"He kept walking closer and without any concious thought I started backing away. I was not even aware I was doing it until I backed into a wall and had no place else to go. Draco just kept moving closer until he could put his hands on the wall on either side of my head before leaning in close."How about I tell you how close I came to killing the weasel? How if he had put one hand on you we would not be having this conversation because I would be on my way to Azkaban?"His voice became even softer in his intensity."You are supposed to be the brightest witch of your age! How could you possibly do something so stupid!Did you not even stop to think what could have happened. Weasley is the least of your problems. What if the person who has been sending those letters showed up instead,"He whispered. I gave a guilty start and his eyes narrowed before widening again in surprise."You expected that to happen didnt you? You were making yourself visible on purpose,"He asked his voice finally starting to rise."What were you thinking? You made yourself bait? Have you lost your mind?"I still said nothing and he looked at me and visibly made an effort to calm down."You couldnt even take on weasely! What made you think you could take on whoever has been sending those notes,"He spat out angrily."I can defend myself,"I said weakly,"Its harder with Ron because he has been my friend for so long...""And what if the other person is someone you thought of as a friend huh."He asked quickly."They called you a traitor which means they were probably someone you thought of as being on your side in the war. What if they were a friend too?"I paled as I thought about the question and he growled under his breath. "You havent even considered that possibilty have you,"he snarled."You just assumed it wasnt someone you know! How stupid can you be!""I am not stupid,"I shot back angrily,"Just because I dont immediately become suspicious of everyone around me everytime something happens..""Well,Maybe you should,"He yelled finally losing his temper."We cant keep you safe if you are going to willingly throw yourself into danger every time we arent watching!""Oh shove off Malfoy,"I said. How dare he yell at me. I pushed against his chest to make him move back so I could walk away but he never budged."Just move!"I yelled."I never asked you to protect me so just walk away."Again I pushed at him harder this time but he refused to move. Her eyes met his for a split second before she dropped her eyes. He took one of his hands and tilted her head back up as he said,"I cant just walk away.""Why,"She asked softly,"Why cant you?"He seemed to consider the question for a moment before the anger seemed to melt out of him and he whispered,"I dont know." Their eyes met again and she barely noticed he was moving as his face came slowly closer and closer to hers. Her eyes drifted closed and she knew that in a second he would kiss her.Suddenly they heard a noise as the door to the hall was flung open and Harry and Ginny came running in."What happened,"Harry demanded before skidding to a halt as he took in the picture before him. Ginny smiled as Draco jumped away from Hermione."Are we interrupting something,"she teased with a smirk."No,"Hermione said quickly as she took the oppurtunity to slip away from Draco who gave her a look as if to say this isnt over.She sighed as He turned to Harry and told him what had happened. "Great,"she thought as Harry and Ginny's faces darkened with anger."Round Two begins."DRACOS POVI watched as Harry and the Weaselette took over for me on lecturing Hermione. She gave me a dirty look and I just smirked at her knowing that while she may be able to withstand Potter's anger,she had met her match in Ginny Weasely."I cant believe you tricked me into getting Harry out of the way while you did something so stupid!"Ginny was currently yelling. I smiled as Potter came over and sat on the couch next to me. He waved at Ginny and said,"Trust me, she can handle this.""I see that,"I murmered as Hermione mumbled "Im sorry,"and Ginny just waved her off."So how long do you think this will last,"I asked Potter."No clue,"He said with a frown."She will keep going until she thinks Hermione has figured it out and is truly sorry. Considering how stubborn Hermione and Ginny both are this could take awhile."I nodded still watching the ladies and didnt see the look that passed over Potters face. "So Malfoy, while we are waiting,"He said smiling,"What exactly did we interrupt when we came in?"I glared at him and said,"I am not discussing this with you Potter."Harry sighed and when I looked at him he said ,"Ginny makes that look so easy.""What,"I asked confused."Well lets just say Ginny has ways of getting to the truth behind the bull,"He said with a smile."Oh,"I said looking at the petite red-haired girl and feeling even more respect growing. I groaned as I realized that I had just admitted to having a respect for a Weasley. Hell had indeed just frozen over."Keep an eye on Granger will you,"I said quickly, suddenly feeling the need for fresh air. "Im going to take a walk."Not waiting for a response I stood up and walked out the door without another word.As i headed down the hall I was stopped by Blaise who called my name."What,"I growled."Draco,"he said in a sarcastic tone,"Dont be so excited to see me. It makes me wonder.""Shut up Blaise,"I said with a smile. Blaise was the closest thing I had to a brother and he was always able to calm me in my worst moods."So Draco,"he said quietly,"How is it going with Granger? I heard what happened with her. Is she ok?""Oh she is fine,"I said getting angry again,"Apparently she had it under control. She did it on purpose Blaise!Put herself in that posistion on purpose! She made herself bait! Who does that man?""Apparently Granger does,"Blaise said was the only person I had told about the threats Granger had been receiving."Did she say why?""She decided that the last threat was more against her friends then her and decided she needed to protect us,"I said,"So she deliberately made sure noone was around tonight then took off so whoever this freak is could follow her.""Yep,"Blaise said dryly,"Sounds like a Gryffindor for you." I was not amused by his comment and my look said so."Why does this surprise you Draco,"he said looking at me."Think of all she did during the war. Did you really expect Hermione Granger, the brains of the golden trio, to just sit back and let everyone else fix this?"At the look on my face he began to laugh."You did, didnt you,"He said lauhing."Thats rich! I think that you're not as smart as everyone thinks.""So what do I do now then,"I said as I glared at him,"Since you are obviously so much smarter then me.""I cant answer that,"he said quietly once again serious,"But what I will say Draco is if you want to be with her in any way, as a friend or anything else, You will have to accept her as she is,And you will have to realize she is not going to sit this out and let everyone else think for her."I thought about that for a moment before I nodded. "Thanks Blaise,"I nodded then said,"I have to go,I have plans."He smirked and I rolled my eyes at him. "See you later,"I said and with a little wave he walked away. I looked after him before turning around and heading back to the common room hoping everything had cooled down.

A/N OK first off as you may have noticed I have changed the name of this story from MY First Dramione and renamed it Keeping Her. Thanks for the idea for the name goes to my new Beta YoursPlusMine EqualsHarmony. Also Thank you for Editing this chapter. I think it looks great.KVANCEAs usual Harry Potter and Other characters belong toChapter 21Hermiones POVGinny was still yelling at me and I was trying to pay attention, I really was, but my mind was on what Draco had said.Was it really a friend who was doing this to me? If so, who? Who could I have upset so much that they would want to hurt me this much?What could possibly be their motivation? It hurt that Draco had cast doubt on my friends. As if by thinking his name I had summoned him; the door opened and he walked back in.He walked over towards us and in the middle of Ginny making a point he said,"Oh muzzle it Weasely. I think she's got it already."Ginny's mouth dropped open and she looked like she was in shock. I smirked as I realized that noone had probably had the guts to tell Ginny that in a long time."Look," Draco said, "As I was just informed if anyone of us thought Hermione Granger, was going to sit back and not do anything as someone threatened her friends we are all mental. And as much as I hate to admit this, they were right. So I say from now on that we need to realize she is not going to sit here and be protected like some princess in a tower." He looked at me before he continued, "And Hermione is going to agree to work with us and not try to trick us because she understands that we care enough to want to help." He looked at all of us and said, "Is it a deal?"They all looked at each other for a minute before nodding. Ginny started to giggle and Draco looked at her puzzled."Something funny Ginny," he said. The warning clear in his voice and as usual Ginny was less then impressed with it and continued to giggle."Its just that," she giggled some more, "If anyone had told me a year ago that Draco Malfoy would be the rational one of this group," she stopped to laugh again, "I probably would have hexed them."As her meaning became clear Draco smirked at her which sent Hermione into gales of laughter."Quit proving her point Draco," Hermione chuckled.The rest of the evening went well with Harry and Ginny staying for awhile. I kept sneaking looks at Draco because I was trying to figure out what he meant when he said "Just told..."Who would he have been talking to? This relationship with Draco was still so new that I had no clue what he was thinking anymore. I must have been more tired then I thought because the last thing I remember was Listening to Ginny tell a story about Neville and what happened in our potions class in seventh year after Harry and I left for the horcrux search.Dracos POVI was listening to Ginny tell a particularly funny story about Longbottom's hundredth mess up in potions class last year when I looked over and noticed that Hermione had fallen asleep in the middle of the story. I waited till the Weaselette was finished then turned to Harry and said,"Now that she is asleep, what do we do about Ron?"His expression became angry and he looked at Ginny. "Im sorry Ginny," He said, "but something has to be done. You know that right?"She nodded and said,"He was out of line,yet again. Even if he is my brother, she is my sister and I wont let him mess with her. Although I must say," she said with a mischeivious grin, "I did like the way you handled that earlier. Wandless magic huh? Impressive."I nodded and Harry smiled. "I would have loved to see that," he said, "I cant believe Ron attacked you even though you were unarmed."I smirked at Potter and said,"Lesson one Potter. Im never unarmed."He smiled and said, "I'll remember that.""First things first, I suppose." Harry said becoming serious again, "I am going to have to let Ron know Hermione is not the cause for us not being friends anymore. Since I am obviously one of the reasons he used to justify tonight.""And I," Ginny said with a smirk,"Will handle him my way." At the look Potter gave her she said, "What? I'm simply going to explain to him what will happen if he comes near her again."I looked at her and said, "I love your style Red.""Ugh," she said with a shudder."Red?Really? Cant you do better then that?""Well I could stick with Weaselette," I teased a bit smugly."No thanks Ferret," she replied rather quicklyHe shuddered at the memory of spending a few minutes as a ferret which made Ginny and Harry laugh."Thank you for reminding me why I dont like you," He said irritably to which he just laughed."No but really,"she said,"Red is fine. In fact I kinda like it.""So anyway," Harry said after a moment,"We have to be able to watch Hermione without making her feel like she has no space. I think the first thing we should do is have less get togethers like this. lets let Ginny stay with her more often. That way its more of a friend visiting and less of constant bodyguard.""We will also need to get her out of the room more often,"Ginny said."She stays stuck in here day after day and we didnt expect her to go mental.""True,"Harry said quietly."We can discuss the rest in the morning after we all get a good nights sleep. Something tells me we will need it."A few minutes later after making plans to meet in the morning in the great hall for breakfast Ginny and Harry left. Draco walked over to the couch and picked up Hermione. She snuggled in close as he carried her up and put her in her bed, carefully taking off her shoes and covering her up. As he went to leave the room, Hermione sleepily said,"Thank you Draco," and promptly fell back asleep. Leaving her door wide open he walked across the hall and went to sleep.A/N: Sorry this chapter is a little short and more of a filler then anything. It would seem my muse ran away today. Im hoping she will be back tomorrow. But anyways sorry if this chapter stinks. Reviews always help though.kvance

Hermiones POVI woke up the next morning in my bed with a groan as I remembered the incident with Ron yesterday. I knew that sooner or later I would have to face him again but I hoped it wouldnt be for a long while. As I got dressed for classes this morning I stalled hoping I wouldn't have to face anyone this early. However, I realized that most likely Draco, Ginny and Harry were already waiting downstairs to walk me to breakfast. I understood their comcern but what I wouldn't give for a little bit of peace and just time to be alone. I sighed as I shrunk the books I would need for the day and put them in my bag."Time to face the music,"I thought as I walked into the common room to find nobody there..."Where was everyone?"I looked around for a minute before going to Draco's room and tapping on the door. When there was no answer I peeked in and realized that no one was even there. As I walked past the side table I noticed a unfolded piece of paper with writing on it. I recognized the writing immediately. It was from Harry:Hermione,We know that this has not been easy on you and to try and help we have decided to give you more space. We're hoping that by doing this it will stop you from trying to go behind our backs again. Just do us all a favor will ya and don't do anything dangerous. We trust that you can take care of yourself, but just know that it's hard for us to take a step back like this. So please just be careful.HarryOnce I was finished reading the note I began to feel guilty as I realized how I must have worried him yesterday. I knew this was what I had wanted but I couldn't help for a moment feeling a touch of fear at the thought of wandering the empty corridors of Hogwarts alone."Gryffindor courage," I reminded myself.Throwing my bag over my shoulder I quickly stepped out into the corridor. As I was walking I felt the feeling that I have become so familiar with lately. The feeling of being watched, but every time I turned around no one was there. I made it to the Great Hall and smiled when I saw Harry and Ginny sitting there. Harry looked relieved to see me and I smiled at him and headed toward the table. I looked towards the Slytherin table and realized Draco was not sitting there."Where was he," I thought,"He left the dorm earlier than me. He should've been hereby now"As I sat at the table the doors to the Great Hall opened and in strode Draco. He rushed over to the Slytherin table and when he sat down he looked up and saw me staring. He stared back for a minute before a small smile crossed his face and he winked at me before he turned back towards his friends and joined in their conversation."Where had he been,"I wondered,"Could he have been the one that was following me?"As the thought registered I realized how paranoid it sounded."Of course it wasnt Draco."Shaking my head I turned towards Harry and Ginny listening to their conversation about (surprise surprise) Quidditch.Dracos POVI knew it was wrong but I couldn't bring myself to let her wander the halls alone after what happened with the Weasel yesterday. So when I heard her get up I quickly cast Disillusionment on myself so I couldn't be seen and I also casted Muffliato just for good measure. Then I simply waited. I watched her come into the common room, and go to my room and knock. I watched as she peered in my room and then walked over to where I had put Potter's note this morning. She read the note and then she mumbled something under her breath as she grabbed her stuff and left our common room and entered the hall, never realizing I walked out with her.I had to admit I was impressed with her instincts because several times she glanced back as if she knew I was there. Weaselette would have my head if she knew I was following Hermione like this without her knowledge but, I thought Red was mental for suggesting this in the first place, and Potter was whipped for even allowing it. When she made it to the Great Hall safely and I stepped into the nearest room and took off my enchantments then quickly walked into the Great Hall myself. I sat next to Blaise and joined into his conversation before sneaking a glance at the Gryffindor table. As expected, I met Granger's gaze and gave her a quick smile before winking at her. I saw the confused look on her face before I turned back to hear Blaise talking to me."Drake,"he nudged me with his elbow,"Man, you are staring again."I flushed as I realized what I thought had been a quick glance had really lasted longer.Blaise looked at me and said,"So how is she after yesterday?""You know Granger," I said,"Thinks she is invincible. She is acting like it never even happened!""This surprises you Drake," Blaise asked with lifted eyebrow,smirking at me."When has she ever just gave up? Or let something beat her?"I glared at him and he just laughed. For some reason Blaise was never afraid of my glares."Shut up Zabini," I said without malice."Or I can shut you up."That just made him laugh harder. I sighed and wondered how many house points they would take away if I shoved his face into his mashed Potatoes. When he finally stopped laughing he looked at me and for once seemed to get serious."I noticed she walked in alone this morning," He said in a whisper. "Whats up with that?""Well obviously ," I said with more then my normal amount of disdain,"The Weaselette thinks that in order to keep Granger from pulling something stupid like she did last night, we should let her wander by herself and give her more freedom.""But doesn't that just make her a target anyway," Blaise asked with a frown. I just nodded and scowled at the Gryffindor table."Apparently Potter was okay with this plan as well,"I said."So I guess its up to me to make sure she is alright." I pushed my plate back and said,"I got to go."With a nod towards Blaise I quickly walked out of the Great Hall to wait for Granger. I put the enchantments back on and leaned against a wall as I waited. Moments later the doors opened and out walked Potter. He shut the doors looked around and smiled."Malfoy I know you're here so come out."I didnt move thinking I could wait him out but then I saw him pull his wand and simply say,"Finite Incantatem."I felt the charms dissolve and Potter smiled triumphantly as I appeared."How did you know," I said angrily."Simple,"He said quietly." I was hidden under my cloak in your common room waiting to follow Hermione when I saw you do your enchantments and follow her as well.""Wait,"I said,"I thought you were all for the plan to let her wander alone?""Of course not,"Harry said,"but Ginny was insistent so I pretended to go along with it until I realized you were watching Hermione then I went ahead to the Great Hall to wait on both of you.""That's very Slytherin of you Potter," I said with grudging respect.He shuddered and I laughed as he said,"I dont know whether to take that as a compliment or an insult.""Ok Potter," I said getting back to business."I'll take this morning and you can follow her in the afternoon, deal?""Sounds good," He said and walked back into the Great Hall as I did my enchantments over again.The morning went well, with Hermione seeming to suspect nothing. I followed her as far as the classroom doors before I disappeared to undo the enchantments and hurried back into class. We were in potions when I suddenly heard a scream. I looked up in time to see Hermiones potion bubbling over and instantly threw a silent Protego in front of her right as it exploded. I watched as the substance ate threw the books and quills lying on her desk. before my eyes I saw writing appear on her desk as if a invisible hand was writing it...The Gryffindor princess Now out of her towerbecomes more lost every hoursoon she will no longer find her way And in that hour she will pay.I quickly wrote it down so as not to forget the wording. Anger began coursing through me as I realised someone had been able to get that close to her with me right here. As the message disappeared I saw the charred remains of her books and realized that, that would have been her if I had been a second slower. I looked over at Potter who was now standing next to Hermione as he tried to make sure she was okay."Im fine," I heard her say."It didn't get on me."She looked up to meet my eyes and I saw her mouth, "Thank you."I looked at her in surprise. I knew I had thrown a silent spell so how had she known it was me? After a second I simply nodded as our professor dismissed us saying that, that had been enough excitement for this class. I heard everyone around me murmuring about what had happened. Potter looked up and met my eyes as we both realised this had been the first public attack that had been made on her. Whomever it was seemed to certainly be getting more confident and this could not be good.Potter and I both walked next to Hermione on the way to our common room. We were all silent because no one knew quite what to say. Harry pulled out his wand and sent a quick Patronus as we walked and I was not surprised that as we got to our common room a clearly out of breath Ginny Weasley appeared at our door."What happened," she gasped as we walked in. Leaving Harry to explain everything to her I followed Hermione as she walked past them and went straight towards her room. She sat down on her bed still saying nothing. I watched from the doorway for a moment before I walked forward and sat next to her. She didnt even look up."Granger," I said quietly,"Say something."She looked up and I saw the tears in her eyes that she wasn't letting fall. "What do you want me to say," She asked quietly. "I dont even know what to say. If you hadn't thrown up that shield..."Her voice trailed off and she swallowed hard. "If you hadn't,"She tried again but coudn't seem to finish. Finally she sighed and said,"The only thing I can say I guess is Thank you for saving me again." She couldn't seem to meet my eyes as she said it."Its okay to be scared,"I said trying to guess at the cause of her strange mood."But I'm not," She interrupted looking at me finally and I saw the anger in her eyes. "I'm not scared, I'm angry! Bloody pissed! I'm Hermione Granger, brightest witch of our age, member of the golden trio. I have faced Death Eaters, Snatchers and that evil woman Bellatrix. I have dealt with each one and have come out on top. So why is one person being able to do this. Why do I feel so helpless? That's what makes me angry. Whoever is doing this is is not taking away who I am. I won't let them. And I certainly won't let them hurt anyone else to get to me.""Dont even think about it 'Mione,"Harry's voice came from the door. "You are not pushing us away to protect us." I looked up as He walked in to stand in front of Granger with his arms folded across his chest."We were the Golden Trio," He said firmly. "We prevailed because we worked as a team. Even when Ron left and it was just us we worked together."He kneeled in front of her and put his hand on her chin making her look at him before he said anything more."Together we are strong 'Mione," Harry said with a sad smile."You are the strongest person I know, but both of us together are unstoppable. You are my sister in all but blood, and family sticks together all right?" She looked at him for a moment before she slowly nodded and I stood up quietly heading towards the door not wanting to interrupt what was a private moment. As I turned to look around as I walked out the door I saw Hermione lay her head on Potters chest as she started to cry. His arms came around her as they just sat there. I walked to the common room not sure what to do when I heard a voice behind me."Their relationship kinda makes you feel like you are an unwelcome outsider doesn't it," Ginny asked as she leaned against the couch. I stared at her for a moment before I nodded slowly."You are going to have to get used to it you know," She said quietly. "If you are around her, he will always be there. They are a package deal I've been told." She smiled again and I noticed there was a sadness there I didn't usually see."How do you manage it," I asked softly, "Watching them that way together. Doesn't it upset you at all? Make you jealous?"I watched as she seemed to think about it before she said,"At first it did,but after awhile I realized that she was like the sister he never had. They went through so much in the time they were gone, especially after my idiot brother took off. He basically pushed them together, in a situation that made them rely solely on each other thus creating the relationship they now have. I began to realize that they both need that relationship to survive. It is a part of who they are and I honestly don't know if they could handle it if they lost each other.""I never realised that your brother had left them alone out there," I said. "I always assumed they were together the whole time. That was the information the Dark Lord received anyway. Did they ever say why he left?""For the very reason you mentioned a moment ago," She said with a small smile. "Jealousy. He couldn't handle it. He always felt inferior to Harry, like Harry was better then him. Their close relationship just made it harder for him."I was slightly surprised by the information I had gathered on the Golden Trio this evening and I wanted to take a moment to process it."Well I'm sorry about your brother," I said, "It makes his behavior a little easier to understand now. It doesn't make it right but, I understand more."She shrugged as she said, "He was too insecure to deal with it. The question is,"She looked straight in my eyes as she continued,"Are you? Because if you are not able to handle it just stay away. She has been hurt enough.""Why are you telling me this,"I asked quietly as I walked towards my room.Her voice was soft as she answered me."Because if you do care about her like I think you do, you need to go in with eyes wide open. They will always have that relationship. You need to decide if you can deal with it or not, because if you hurt her I will make you pay."I turned and after seeing the seriousness on her face I said quietly,"You know what Red? I bet you would." Then without another word I walked into my room and shut the door.Harrys POVAfter she had cried herself out, Hermione asked me if I could let her have a few minutes to think by herself. I nodded and told her I would be in the common room if she needed me. As I walked towards the common room I expected to see Malfoy but instead I saw Ginny sitting on the couch with her feet tucked under her. As I walked towards her she asked me."How is she?""Ok I guess," I said quietly. "Confused and angry, but as much as she would deny it she is scared too."Ginny looked at me and smiled. "I'm sure we will get her through it. You two are unstoppable remember?"I was silent as I studied Ginny's face. There was something different about her mood, something that wasnt there before.I walked over and sat down next to her. I grabbed her hand and said,"Are you okay?"She nodded quickly and said, "I'm fine, I just expected a little less drama this year." She sighed and said,"This is gonna sound unforgivably selfish but I was hoping it would be more of us and less of this kind of thing this year.""That's not selfish," I said quickly, "Its natural. I wanted that too. We definitely deserve it after what we've been through. I mean what did we fight for? I wasted so much time away from you trying to stop things like this from happening."Ginny smiled and I could tell she felt better when she said,"Then lets not waste another minute."She put her hand on my cheek and gave me a kiss before she snuggled up next to me, laying her head on my shoulder with my hand securely in hers. I instantly felt at peace as I sat with my head resting on hers."This was worth fighting for," I thought as I answered my own question from before.A/N:So how do you think this chapter went? I wanted some action (in the form of the threatening note) and yet some personal as well. I always wondered if I was Ginny would I be able to handle the kind of close relationship that Harry and Hermione have. Now we all know logically that they are like brother and sister but since when has jealousy ever been logical? Could you handle it if your significant other was in that type of relationship with someone who was not his sister by blood? Give me feed back please. Especially an answer to these questions if you could. I really want to know others thoughts on this. Thanks!KVANCE

Hermiones POVAs we walked towards the Great Hall that evening I was definitely more then a little nervous. I knew that by now everyone would have heard what had happened in potions and would probably be talking about it. As a member of The Golden Trio I should have been used to the attention by now but neither Harry nor I had ever really been comfortable in the spotlight. I paused right before we entered the Great Hall.0"Are you alright? We can eat in the common room tonight if you want," said Harry as he looked at me.As good as the idea sounded I knew I had been hiding too much lately and refused to hide any longer. I took a deep breathe as I shook my head and walked through the doors. As I walked through into the Great Hall all conversation seemed to stop and everyone turned to look at me. It seemed like hours but I knew it was only moments before the whispering started. Putting my head up I walked over to my spot at the Gryffindor table and sat down, Harry sitting beside me. Ginny quickly scooted into the empty spot on the other side as I said hello to my other friends. Headmistress McGonagall clapped her hands and the food appeared on the tables in front of us. I reached for a piece of Chicken and Harrys hands shot out to stop me as Ginny quickly murmured a spell to check the food. Harry looked at her and when she nodded that it was all clear he put down his hands and nodded for me to eat."Thank you,"I said quietly, mortified that I had forgot something so simple yet so important.We quickly ate while I ignored the stares I was getting from the other tables. I felt a wave of gratitude as I noticed all the Gryffindors being careful to give me my space and not stare. All except one. I looked to my right to see Ron Weasley's eyes centered on my face. Instead of his usual glare for a second I thought I saw something I had not seen in awhile, concern. Our eyes met and after a second he turned away and I sighed as the moment ended. Even after all he did I still cared for him but I knew nothing would ever be the same. There were days I felt like there were two different Ronald Weaselys. One was the friend I have known for the past seven years and the other was this angry person that seemed to appear after the war. I feel like we had lost the true Ron admist the months of grief and pain following the war. Losing Fred, Remus and Tonks seemed to have changed him."Dont let him get to you," Ginny whispered obviously seeing where my gaze had gone."He isnt worth it.""But he is,"I said softly,"maybe not as he is now, but the Ron we knew was more than worth it. I was just thinking that it's like he is a totally different person. I really miss the old Ron." She looked at me for a minute then shook her head as if she couldn't quite understand what I meant before i quickly said,"I'm headed to the library. I need to work on the Perfects schedules for rounds and I also have to go on rounds tonight.""No," both Harry and Ginny said at the same time as I glared at both of them."Look I worked hard to become Head Girl and I'm not letting anyone ruin that for me," I said firmly. "I cant let Draco keep doing the work for both of us and it is our job to do rounds tonight. He will be with me and I will be fine."Neither looked convinced but apparently realized they would not change my mind and said nothing more. I looked towards the Slytherin table and when I saw the empty seat where Draco normally sat I realized that I hadnt seen him at dinner at all. I glanced back at Harry and Ginny and said, "Have either of you seen Draco? I haven't seen him since we made it back to the common room after Potions today.""I dont know," Harry said. "He left shortly after I came out of your room. He said he would be back before dinner though."I felt a quick bolt of fear remembering the line of the riddle that said, " But very soon her friends will be gone." Had something happened to Draco? Was he the first? I jumped up to go look for him but as I did the Great Hall doors opened and he walked through the door. I felt relief flood through me as my eyes met his. He looked away quickly but not before I saw the anger in his face. I felt like I had been slapped. Why did Draco look at me like he hated me? Had I done something wrong? What had happened?"Is everything alright Mione?" Harry asked seeing the look on my face."Um yeah," I said quietly, "I just decided I would go back to the common room before rounds tonight instead of the library.""Ok let us walk you," Harry said quickly standing up. I almost argued but decided against it and simply we arrived back to the dorm I asked Harry and Ginny to let me have some time alone and after searching my face Harry reluctantly agreed. I walked into the dorm and sat on my bed in my room still seeing the glare in Draco's eyes as he looked at me. Shaking my head I finally pushed the sight away and concentrated on making the Perfects schedules for their rounds.After what seemed like a few minutes I realized that I had been sitting there a long time and that I was going to be late for rounds. As I gathered up my things I realized that Draco had never made it back to the common room. "Is he so mad at me that he is avoiding our dorm?" I thought sadly. "What did I do?"Deciding that I would just ask him I grabbed my wand and left the common room . As I left the common room I literally ran into Draco. "Whoa," he said teasingly, "You should watch where youre going."I looked up at him in shock at his teasing tone."I thought he was angry," I thought with a bit of confusion.When I didn't answer him he looked confused. "Not going to answer me Granger," He said questioningly."What was wrong with you earlier,"I asked."When," he asked looking puzzled. "At dinner," I said. "You looked at me like you were so angry at me.""Why would I be angry at you,"He asked with a smirk."You are perfect as always."By this time we had made it almost to the dungeons and I stopped in shock at his tone."What are you talking about," I said angrily,"I've never pretended to be perfect. What in Merlins name is wrong with you?""Maybe you should ask whats wrong with you," He said starting to sound angry again. He stepped towards me and I saw the hate in his eyes. "First Krum then Ron then Harry and now Draco. You shoud be the slag of Gryffindor not the Princess!"I felt the words hit me like a slap and opened my mouth to say something back when I realized something was wrong with what he had said. I searched my mind quickly trying to figure out what it was when suddenly Draco jumped at me and put his wand against my throat. My hand tightened on the wand in my pocket as he sneered at me."You just can't make up your mind can you," He sneered. "You wanted Krum while he was here then when he left it was Ron Weasely. When he failed to live up to your expectations as a true Gryffindor and left you, you turned to Harry Potter. Then you switched back to Weasely and now me." I searched his face as he said those hateful words and was alarmed as I saw him getting angrier and angrier."What was wrong with him." I wondered again. "What had happened between the last time I saw him and now?""Who's next Granger," Draco said in that hateful voice. "Who is going to replace me?"I reached my left hand to slap him as a distraction to keep him from noticing my other hand moving as I pulled my wand out of my pocket.His eyes narrowed and he said, "Dont touch me you filthy little slag." He pressed the wand deeper into my throat and I started to gag as he slowly cut off my airways. I looked at him sadly as I threw a nonverbal spell that knocked him away from me.I put up my wand before he could recover as I gasped, "What is wrong with you? I thought you were my friend?""That was your mistake," He sneered laughing. "As if I would ever be friends with you a filthy little mudblood!"As I fought to not let him see how much that word had hurt me I heard someone shout my name and without thinking I glanced towards them. I heard Draco whisper incarcerous and I fell feeling the invisible ropes tighten around me.I heard the sound of running feet and he bent down to whisper,"I'm not done with you yet. We will finish this later." With that he pointed his wand at me, murmured a spell and everything went black.A/N Dont hate me! I have my reasons I promise. Darn muse leading me in this direction. Please review!KVANCEP.S. Many thanks to my wonderful beta MinePlusYoursEquasHarmony. It looks great.Beta: Duh Duh Duh...

Authors note :Hello to all my readers. I would like to apologize for not having updated my story recently. I have gone through a lot of things in my life in this past month including an unexpected move and with the holidays its made it even harder. I will attempt to have this story updated as soon as humanly possible. My beta and I appreciate your patience and we will get you an update soon. Until then Happy Holidays and please do not give up on this story.Kvance

A/NThank you all for patiently waiting and thank you to my beta for doing such great job editing this. Happy Thanksgiving to all of usual let me know what you think. Thanks for all the new reviews and followers!Disclaimer:I do not own Harry Potter or any other character in this story. I only own the plot.Villians POVI walked quickly through the hallways, angry that my fun had been interrupted. How in Merlins name had Potter known that Granger was in trouble? I had planned it so well. Why would they have suspected anything? I walked into the lavatory and over to the mirror as I felt the unmistakable feeling of the potion wearing off. I watched as the features of Draco Malfoy change back into my own. I already had my next step planned out very carefully but with Potter and the Weasely girl coming to the rescue ahead of time it threw my plans into complete disarray."I guess it's back to the drawing board," I thought with a growl of anger."But what do I do next."As I stood there the most wonderful plan hit me. I laughed as I imagined the look on Hermione's face as I carried out my next step."She will never see it coming."As I walked down the hallway I laughed to myself as I saw Harry Potter run past me."Keep looking, you'll never find me."General POVHarry was on his way to bed right before curfew when he received a shock as Professor McGonagall walked into the Gryffindore common room."Mr. Potter, Ms. Weasely may I see you for a moment please," she asked, all of them making their way out into the hall. "Do either of you know where Ms. Granger is at this moment? I had hoped she was with you," she said quickly."She is with Draco as far as we know, Professor," Harry said. "They had rounds this evening.""Well wherever she is I can assure you she is not with Draco Malfoy, "She said quickly and with a bit of concern. "He is in the infirmary. He was found unconscious in one of the upstairs halls by Mr. Filtch about a half hour ago. I tried to check in with her but it would appears that Ms. Granger is not in her room."Ginny gasped as Harry, not waiting to hear another word took off running. She quickly followed as Professor McGonagall knowing it would be useless to try and stop them shouted, "Let me know when you find her."Spinning quickly she traveled down the halls looking for her Head Girl hoping all was well.Harry and Ginny had checked the library and all of her usual places and were nearing the Slytherin Dungeons when they heard voices. They looked at each other quickly. They could swear the voices they heard were Draco's and 'Mione's. They looked at each other as the realization hit them both at the same time."Polyjuice potion," Ginny said and Harry nodded.They shouted her name and as they turned the corner they saw Draco leaning over the still body of Hermione Granger and watched as he fired a curse at her. Then he turned, looked at them and then took off in the opposite direction.Harry was torn on what to do. Should he follow 'Draco' or should he check on Hermione. Seeing her pale face his decision was instantly made."We need to get her to the infirmary now!"He shouted."Wingardium Leviosa,"Ginny said quickly as she levitated Hermione into the air. "Go after him Harry, I have her," She said quickly. Harry nodded and ran quickly in the direction the fake Draco Malfoy had run.Ginny's POVI ran quickly towards the infirmary, careful not to let Hermione hit anything on the way. When I got there I yelled," I need help", as I lowered her on a bed. I heard a shout and looked up as I saw Draco Malfoy jump out of the hospital bed as Madame Pomfrey yelled at him to lay back down.He didn't listen as he ran over and said,"What happened?"As Madame Pomfrey examined Hermione she said,"Well at least sit down you stubborn boy,"and glared at him until he obeyed. After he sat down I quickly put my hand up, pulled out my wand and sent a patronus to the Headmistress letting her know Hermione was found. Then I told him everything I had seen. When I got to the part about seeing his double bent over Hermione he turned an even paler shade of white, which frankly I didn't know was even possible. The boy was practically a ghost already.When I was finished he said,"She is going to think I did this."I heard the sadness in his voice and I told him,"We will tell her the truth. It will be okay.""Thanks Red," he said with a sad smile before standing up and going back to his bed.When the Headmistress arrived I told the story again. As I was telling the story she glanced at Draco a couple of times but he avoided her gaze. By the time I was done Harry arrived and I knew by the look on his face that he had had no luck."Well? How is she," he said quickly. I noticed Draco looked up as Harry asked the question.We all looked at Madame Pomfrey and she smiled as she said,"She will be fine. Just like with Mr. Malfoy it was a simple stunning spell and will wear off very soon.""Thank heavens," McGonagall said quietly. "I was concerned.""Look she is waking up," Harry said quietly as he stood next to the bed holding her hand."We don't want to overwhelm her all at once so I will go talk to Mr. Malfoy and get his side of things while you talk to Ms. Granger." McGonagall said as she moved away. I looked over towards Draco and was saddened by the look of sadness on his face.Hermiones POVI woke up and before I opened my eyes I realized three things. First someone was holding my hand, secondly I heard Harry's voice and realized I was safe, and third Draco Malfoy was the one who attacked me. I let out a groan of distress at the thought and then I heard Ginny talking."Are you okay 'Mione? What hurts?" She said quickly, looking over me frantically.I opened my eyes and said,"Nothing Ginny, I'm okay. Its just a slight headache,"I said."Or heartbreak." A voice inside of me said.I ignored the voice as I gave Harry's hand a squeeze. He looked at me and I saw the tears in his eyes. "I'm okay,"I said as I reassured him again."You almost weren't," He said quietly."Still say you can handle this on your own?""Okay, Okay,"I whispered, "You were right and I was wrong. But I don't understand. Why would he pretend to be my friend? Was it just to torment me?"I saw them both exchange a glance."Hermione," Ginny said quietly,"It wasn't Draco, he was here and they found him unconscious upstairs. That's how we knew something was wrong. He had already been found when you were attacked.""Then how..." I said quietly. Before they could answer I said quickly,"Polyjuice!"They nodded and I went to get up,"Where is he? Is he okay," I yelled.Harry pushed me back down and said, "Stay laying down, you can't get up yet.""Don't tell me what to do Harry James Potter," I yelled. "He is here because they were trying to get to me. I need to check on him.""Geez Granger, chill out," an amused voice said from behind Harry. "As much as I like seeing Potter get yelled at and believe me its a joy, people are trying to get better here and your shrill voice is not helping my head." Harry moved to the side and there stood Draco smiling in amusement.Ginny laughed and Harry turned red as he muttered,"Shove off Malfoy!""Are you okay," I asked quietly.He looked at me for a second and said,"Of course I am. Just mad that someone used me to get to you. I am sorry Hermione.""Stop it! It is not your fault," she said fiercely. "If anything I should be apologizing. They came after you because of me."McGonagall cleared her throat and I finally noticed she was there."I don't want to hear either of you apologize," she said ,"There is only one person to blame and I can assure you that it's not you. But we will find out whom it is very, very soon. Now Madame Pomfrey has assured me that you are both allowed to go back to your common room. I would like you to go back there and for the moment I am allowing Mr Potter and Miss Weasely to stay there as well. That way if someone is not whom they say they are, there is someone else there as well. Are you okay with that arrangement children?"We all nodded and the Headmistress said, "The rooms have been magically altered to allow for the four of you to live there instead of just the heads. Go now, quickly and stay together. I will expect all of you in class Monday morning. Also as tomorrow is Hogsmeade trip, I would suggest that if one goes all of you go. Understood?"We nodded again and left to go to our common room. When we got there we found that Harry's and Ginny's personal belongings had already been transferred into the two new rooms that had magically appeared. I loved the new arrangement but as Ginny and Harry got situated in their new rooms I knocked on Draco's door."Yes," he said from inside his room. As I opened the door he looked up from where he'd been lying on his bed."Are you really okay with all this," I asked quietly. "Having them here I mean?""It's fine," he said with a smile. "I won't admit it if you tell anyone but I kinda like Red and Potter is less annoying then expected."I laughed and he smiled.After a moment he looked serious again and said, "I'm sorry they hurt you. I was on my way here when out of nowhere I heard someone say stupefy and next thing I knew I was waking up in the hospital wing.""Its okay, just stop apologizing alright? I don't hate you or anything," I said.He looked away from me for a minute and when he looked back he said, "I'm tired. I'm going to go to bed. See you in the morning.""Um, okay," I said quietly. "Good night."I walked out of the room to find Ginny and Harry in the common looked up as I walked in."Everything alright ."Ginny asked."Yeah, he said he's tired and needs to sleep. I think I will too," I said. "Need anything before I go to bed?"They both shook their heads and I walked into my room. I thought that with all that happened I wouldn't be able to sleep but the last thing I remember was laying down and then I was asleep.A/N: So everyone feel better? Told you I would fix it. Have a little faith. lol. Please review!KVANCEBeta: Sorry guys, the lateness is my fault... :( Happy Thanksgiving though :)

As usual all rights belong to J.K RowlingDracos POVI woke up the next morning to laughter coming from the common room. I rolled out of bed, put a shirt on and walked out into the living room. Potter and Ginny sat on the couch laughing over something they were reading."Good morning. Did you sleep well?" Ginny said when they looked up as I walked in the room."Until I was woken up I did,"I complained grouchily. She laughed at him before getting up."Well I'm going to go get ready for the day. See you guys in a little bit." She gave Harry a quick kiss and left the room.Draco looked at Harry and sighed. "Are they really going to make us take them shopping," he asked grumpily.Harry laughed and said,"Ginny would never miss a chance to go shopping.""Well where is Granger? Is she getting ready to go," he asked."She hasn't been up yet," Harry answered, "Although she needs to be up soon. Ginny won't be happy if she is ready and we aren't.""You are so whipped, Potter," I laughed.He grimaced and said, "Yeah well you haven't seen her really mad before. It's not pleasant believe me.""Whatever Potter," I said, "I'll wake up Granger. Wouldn't want to upset Little Red." I gave him my trademark smirk and walked towards Grangers room.I knocked on her door and waited for a response. When there was no answer I knocked again. After a couple of minutes there was still no response and I began to get alarmed. I opened her door and peeked inside. At once I knew she was not there."Granger," I called and I still had received no response."Potter," I called as I headed into the common room. "Where is she?"Potter looked alarmed as he jumped to his feet. "She's not in there?"He asked quickly.I rolled my eyes trying not to show how concerned I was. "If she was in there, would I have asked you?""Maybe Ginny knows something," Harry said walking over to his girlfriends door and knocking. As Ginny opened the door I heard Potter ask her if she had seen Granger this morning. Before she could answer the Main door opened and in walked Hermione with Neville Longbottom."Thanks for the help 'Mione," He was saying. "I really appreciate it."She opened her mouth to respond then noticed all three of us glaring at her. Neville glanced around and noticed us all standing there staring. He gulped and quickly said ,"Should I go?""Yes.""No stay." Hermione said at the same time.Neville looked back and forth at the two of them before he finally shrugged his shoulders and went to sit on the couch."What in Merlin's name were you thinking?" I said to Hermione who simply folded her arms across her chest defiantly. "Are you trying to get yourself killed?""Don't you think you are overreacting just a bit," Hermione asked with a smirk. "It's not like I was alone. I was with Neville. He is one of my oldest friends.""Yeah, well so was Weasely and look how that turned out," I sneered making her gasp in anger."How dare you?!" She asked. "Neville is a gentleman unlike you and I am in no danger with him."Neville went to say something but Harry quickly shushed him. "You want to stay out of this one mate," He said quietly. Neville nodded, sat back and kept his mouth shut."Are you trying to say I have not acted like a gentleman with you Granger," I mocked her, "Or is it just that you wish I wouldn't."I watched in satisfaction as her eyes grew wide and she seemed speechless for a moment before she said harshly, "In your dreams Malfoy, I'd rather kiss a dementor."I heard Red choke back a snicker. I glared in her direction before turning back to Granger."Funny," I said stepping closer and leaning in close."You didn't seem to mind it the other night," I whispered so that she would be the only one to hear. I watched as the blush went across her face and knew I should be very careful about what I said next."You foul evil little cockroach," She said quietly her fists bunching up."Really Granger,"I said knowing I should not taunt her anymore but unable to resist."Can't you come up with anything better? That was clever in third year but now..."I let my sentence trail off knowing my point had been made.She stepped towards me until we were almost touching anger written all over her face. I braced myself for the blow I knew would be coming soon."Uh guys," I heard Potter say quietly. I turned my head towards him quickly, having momentarily forgot about our audience.I noticed Granger jump and realized with a smirk she hadn't remembered either."I think what Draco was trying to say," Potter said, trying to restore the peace, "was that we were all concerned with your absence, and would have liked to know where you were." I snorted and Granger glared at me again before turning back to Potter and smiling sweetly."I'm sorry Harry," She said quietly. "I didn't mean to worry you, but I thought my note explained it."I looked at her quickly as Harry said, "Note?""Yes," she said, "The one I left on my bed."I groaned as all eyes turned to me."Malfoy," Potter said quietly, "Was there a note on her bed?"I thought back to as I entered her room and realized I had only noticed her absence not much else. "I didn't notice one," I said quietly. Ginny turned and walked into Hermione's room and came back a second later with a piece of parchment she handed to Harry."You mean this one," Harry asked after reading it. I looked at him before turning back to Granger, who was giving me a rather impressive smirk."Like I'm supposed to know that there was a note," I said quickly."She leaves parchment all over the place. I just assumed...""You know what they say about assumption Malfoy," Granger said with an even wider smirk."She's enjoying this," I thought in surprise.Out loud I said, "Well, forgive me for caring Granger. I'll make sure it doesn't happen again. Now if you will excuse me I am going to get ready for our trip. Unless you girls have decided not to torture us boys today?""You know what they say Malfoy," Red said. "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger."I scowled at her before I walked into my room and slammed the door.45 minutes laterI walked out of my room after taking as much time as I possibly could to get ready. I wasn't quite ready to face the Gryffindor group quite yet. When I came out only Hermione was waiting on me."Where is everyone else," I muttered."They went to get breakfast since it looked like you weren't coming out for awhile," She said softly."We are supposed to meet them there.""Well lets go then," I said just wanting to get this day over with. I walked towards the door surprised when she didn't move."I don't understand this," She said softly."Understand what," I asked."What's going on between us," She said standing up. "What is this? Why are you helping me? Why do you care?""Why do you have to over think everything Granger," I asked. "Why can't you just let this be what is? Why does it have to be defined?""Because I don't understand, and that frustrates me," She said. "I need to know where we stand. A year ago we couldn't be in the same room and now you have become one of the people I ..."She stopped and then took a deep breathe stating again, "I just need to know alright?""I don't know alright,"I said with a slightly irritated sigh. "Can't we just take it one step at a time? See how it goes?"She looked like she was about to argue until I said, "Please?"She searched my face for a moment before she finally breathed, "Fine, but you can't go all cave man every time something doesn't go your way."I was confused so I asked, "Caveman?"She smiled at me and said, "A muggle saying. It just means stop being so macho when things don't go your way.""Okay deal," I said," as long as you let me know before you go somewhere so we don't have to worry next time."She nodded hesitantly."Now can we go down to breakfast now," I said, "I'm starving."She nodding and they grabbed their bags and headed down to meet Harry and Ginny.Hermiones POVAs we entered Hogsmeade we were discussing where to go first when Ginny said "Well first Hermione and I need to go get dresses for the ball they are talking about having this year.""Ginny," I said, "Don't you think we should wait to see if we are having a ball this year before we get prepared for it?""Nonsense," Ginny said, "We both know that there is going to be a dance and I for one am not going to fight a bunch of other people trying to get dresses the same day as us. It's much better to be prepared."I opened my mouth to argue and Ginny gave me the look I had taken to calling the 'Molly Weasely' glare. I had choice but to agree with her.Draco who looked a little unnerved at the thought of one on one time with Harry Potter was the last to agree. Ginny worked her magic and told him to meet us at The Three Broomsticks tavern in one hour leaving no room for it to be discussed further. I was tempted to laugh at the look of defeat on Draco's face. I saw the smirk on Harry's as I heard him whisper to Draco,"Whipped am I?", As Ginny dragged me towards the shop.After what seemed like forever of trying on dress after dress I stepped out of the dressing room to hear Ginny say,"Wow! That is the one you should get."I turned to look in the full length mirror outside the changing room and gasped as I saw my reflection. The dress was a full length candy apple red dress with a halter top neckline and a silver bangle type belt cinching it in at the waist. It flared out just a touch as it reached the floor creating the feeling that it was floating around me."Do you think its too much,"I whispered."I never pictured myself in a dress like this. It's so... So..."As I stopped at a loss for words Ginny smirked a very 'Malfoy' like smirk and said, "Sexy?"I blushed and said , "That was not what I was going to say Ginny.""Maybe not," she teased,"but that's what it is. The dress is sexy and you are sexy in it. That dress is a must!"Blushing even more I thanked her for the compliment and went to go change once again. After she tried on a few dresses of her own Ginny quickly decided on an emerald green floor length dress with one sleeve responsible for holding it up as the other shoulder was bare. It dipped provocatively in the back and was tight in the front showing the curves that Ginny possessed effortlessly. It looked like it was made for her alone.We quickly picked out shoes to go with them, Ginny forcing me to pick out red stiletto heels that I was not terribly sure I could even walk in. As we walked to the front of the store to make our purchases we both picked up long gloves, both matching our dresses. We tucked those in with our dresses before quickly shrinking them and putting them in our purses so we would not have to carry them. As we walked out the door Ginny said,"Well I obviously am taking Harry, but have you figured out who you would want to take?""I have no clue," I answered. "Obviously it wouldn't be Ron, Neville is taken and I really don't know who else would even want to go. Everyone else is part of a couple."Ginny gave me a strange look before she asked me,"Haven't you heard? Neville is dating Luna.""Well then he is definitely not a choice," I answered with a smile."What about Draco," She said looking at me quickly.I blushed before I said firmly, "We are friends Ginny. There is nothing romantic there. Besides he has girls lining up to be his date. He doesn't need me joining the line.""But if he wanted to go with you," she said firmly."What would your answer be?"I thought about it for a minute as visions of twirling around a dance floor held in Draco's arms filled my mind. Finally I looked at her and admitted, "I would say yes."She didn't say anything for a minute then said quietly, "I thought so."Before I could say anything else I heard a shout and looked up to see Harry and Draco waving at us from the front of the tavern. Ginny saw Harry and a big smile lit up her face as she rushed to meet him, acting like it had been weeks instead of an hour since she had seen him last.As I walked closer Draco stepped forward to meet me and with a glance at Harry and Ginny said, "Are they always like that?""Pretty much yeah," I said still watching them.When I turned towards Draco I saw that he was staring at me with a puzzled look on his face."What," I asked self consciously as I reached up to straighten my hair and check to make sure nothing was on my face."Why do you look so sad," He asked looking from me to Harry and back again. His eyes widened and he leaned in close to whisper, "Don't tell me you are into Potter? I thought you were friends?""Of course not," I whispered back quickly."Why would you even say that?""Because for a moment there as you looked at them," He said watching my face,"you seemed jealous.""Well I am really," I admitted shyly, "but not because I'm into Harry. I want what they have. They are each others everything. When they see each other their smiles could light up a room. I want someone who loves me that much unconditionally."He looked at me strangely and for a moment I was uncertain."Stupid, stupid girl," I thought to myself. "That doesn't make you sound pitiful at all." Then I heard what he said next."You deserve it Hermione," He said looking me in the eyes, "and you will find it."I stared at him a moment and just as I opened my mouth to say something I heard Harry say,"Hermione? Malfoy? Are you coming?"I looked around and realized that they were both staring at Draco and I strangely. I looked back at Draco before I said quickly,"Yep on our way",and turned to walk towards them.As I walked past Harry into the tavern I was conscious of Draco watching me. We took our seats at our table and Harry said,"So, no luck in finding dresses?"Ginny laughed and said "Of course we found dresses! Why do you still doubt me?"His face started turning red as he said quickly,"I didn't see them so I thought...""It's okay Harry," I explained with a smile. "They are shrunk down and in my purse so no one would have to carry them.""I forgot how much stuff you could fit in that thing," He said with a laugh. That led to a discussion of the many things he and Ron were surprised to see come out of my purse while we were on the run. The next hour passed with laughter and the consumption of many butter beers. When we were finally done there we decided we would head to Honeydukes where we each bought a pouch of candy. As I was walking out the door I bumped into someone and turned to say excuse me but they were already gone. I shrugged and we all decided to head to Zonkos because the boys wanted to look at the newest pranks that had come out.This was a bittersweet trip for the group since they would usually have gone to Fred and George's shop but after the loss of Fred, George had yet to reopen it. After they left there they decided to head back to Hogwarts for dinner and even though Hermione was not hungry she knew that they would not go without her so they all went to the Great Hall. With a quick smile Draco left to go sit with his friends at the Slytherin table and Harry, GInny and Hermione ate dinner while talking with Neville and Luna at the Gryffindor table. Even though Luna was not a Gryffindor in the interest of inter-house unity they were allowed to sit at any table they liked.After a very enjoyable dinner they went back to the Heads dorm where Draco joined them a little while later. The girls went upstairs to put away their dresses and when I reached into my bag to grab them I found my bag of candy from Honeydukes. I put it on my desk then reached into my bag and pulled out the dresses. As I did I noticed that one of my sugar quills had fallen out of my bag of candy and I placed it on the desk as well and went about putting away my dress. I grabbed my candy off the desk and walked into the common room. I dropped down on the couch and started chewing on my sugar quill as I listened to the others laugh about their day. Suddenly I felt very tired, my head started to feel very heavy and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't keep my eyes open. I knew this wasn't normal, I felt more like I had been drugged. I just couldn't figure out how? I opened my mouth to say something but nothing came out. I started to panic but couldn't seem to move to let anyone know it was happening."How," my mind was screaming. "We checked my food and drink. How could I possibly..."I felt numb by this point and realized that I wuld not be able to tell anyone what was wrong. I started to cry and suddenly I heard a worried voice say, "Hermione? Hermione what's wrong?" The voice grew more frantic and soon it was joined by others."Why isn't she answering," Ginnys voice said. I tried even harder to answer her but their voices were going farther away as if I was entering a tunnel."Granger!" A voice said as I felt someone grab me and shake me gently."Granger you have to wake up. I need you to wake up now. Granger don't do this to me."Suddenly I felt myself lifted up and heard a voice say "Meet me in the hospital wing." Then there was a crack and that was the last thing I remembered before everything went black.Villians PovAs I watched her in Hogsmeade villiage I felt my anger boil up inside me."How dare she," I thought to myself. "She walks around here with HIM like nothing ever happened.""And she has turned them too, she has warped everything! Harry Potter, the chosen one hanging around with Death eaters. This is all her fault, but I'll fix it... Oh, yes I will. When she is gone everything will go back to normal." I thought with great disdain.I watched as the group split up and I decided to follow the girls on their outing. I watched as they walked in to try on dresses and my eyes widened as I saw the dress my prey had picked out."What a fitting color," I thought, "red is certainly the right color for a slag like her."I smiled as I realized that I could kill her now if I wanted to. I knew they couldn't see me thanks to the Disillousionment charm I had cast over myself. I knew she needed to pay, I just had to make everyone see what I saw first.I followed them to the Three Broomsticks where I observed the private moment between Malfoy and the wench. I gritted my teeth and reminded myself that I had planned the outcome of this trip for too long to wreck it now. Finally, right as I thought I wouldn't be abe to take it anymore we arrived at the place I had been waiting for them to go all day, Honeydukes.They were inside only a short time and as guessed Granger had picked up quite a few sugar quills as they were one of her favorites. Timing it just right I managed to bump into her as she came out the door, dropping my special made present into her bag. I walked quickly away even as I saw her turn to look in my direction but I laughed because I knew she would never see me. As soon as I possibly could I made it back to Hogwarts. I still had more surprises in store for her tonight.A/NSo what do you think? Do you like the vilian POV or should I leave it out of the story from now on?Review please and as always Thanks for reading!KVANCEBeta:Sorry guys! Lost power over winter break and then life came up...until next time :)

Dracos POVAs I apparated into the hospital wing I was already shouting for Madame Pomfey. As she ran out of her office I noticed that she was not alone. I quickly laid down Granger as Madame Pomfrey and Professor McGonagall came running to our side."Another attack, Mr. Malfoy?" The professor asked quickly."We don't know," I said quietly,"one second we were all laughing then it looked like she was falling asleep. I didn't think anything of it until I noticed tears. We tried to wake her up but she was completely unresponsive."The professor looked at Pompfrey who was running some kind of scan on Granger with her wand."Well," I said after a moment, unable to wait a second longer. As she opened her mouth to speak the infirmary doors flew open and Ginny and Potter ran inside."Is she okay?" They both asked at the same time.We all looked at Madame Pomfrey who had turned towards our group."I dont know yet," She said,"but the one thing I can tell you is that this is not a natural sleep. I'm going to keep trying but I need you to give me space.""This way children," Headmistress McGonagall told us. We followed her a little ways, away from the bed and she quickly requested that we tell her exactly what happened. We did and when we finished Madame Pomfrey, who had been listening asked us,"Was she eating anything before she fell asleep?""No, I dont think so,"Ginny said looking at Harry."I don't remember anything," He said quietly."Wait," I said suddenly remembering. "A sugar quill from Honeydukes. We stopped there today and she bought a pouch of candy. We all did actually.""Bring it to me immediately," Madame Pomfrey said. "All of you bring your candy. Including the piece Ms. Granger was eating."We all quickly did as we were told and after she ran the scans POmfrey said, "They are all fine except this piece she was eating. It's laced with something but I'm not sure what it is."Suddenly Neville came running into the infirmary."Headmistress..." He called stopping when he saw all of us there. He looked from us to Hermione laying on the bed and his face paled. "What happened?""What did you need Mr. Longbottom," The Headmistress asked bringing his attention back to her."I found this in my bag after dinner and thought I should bring it to you immediately," Neville said handing her a letter that simply had her name on it.Recognizing the handwriting Harry said, "Wait, Professor."He waved his wand over the letter and stepped back saying, "This shoud be safe.""Thank you Mr. Potter," She said with a smile before opening the letter. A sparkling looking dust rose from it and a new threat was revealed.The Gryffindor Princess no longer safe in her tower,I'm getting closer every hour,The ghosts of her past she soon will see,And relive all the misery.As usual the letters started to disappear immediately."I don't understand," Harry said. "Why did they send it to you?""Probably because we always involve her Potter," I said angry. Whoever it was had made it through us again."Neville," The professor asked. "How did you know I was here?""There was also a note for me," He said quietly. "It said take this immediately to you in the infirmary or a friend would die. I assumed you were the patient honestly."Suddenly I turned as I heard a noise coming from Hermione. She was tossing and turning while whimpering in her sleep. I rushed to stand next to her hearing the others follow."It would seem to be a nightmare," Madame Pomfrey said. "Unfortunately we have no way to wake her and I don't want to give her dreamless sleep without knowing how that potion will react with whatever she has in her system now.""So you mean she is stuck in her nightmares," I asked angrily, knowing full well what her nightmares were of."I am sorry Mr. Malfoy," Madame Pomfrey said with obvious sympathy. "There is no way I can help at the moment."As the whimpering grew louder Harry and Ginny grew obviously more and more uncomfortable until taking pity on them, I said,"Why don't you guys head to the library and see if you can find anything on the potion that was used on her candy?"Both of them looked relieved but Harry said,"Shouldn't we stay with her?""I'll stay Potter just go," I said quietly, wishing I could leave as well. I could see the terror on Hermione's face as she seemed to sleep.Harry and Ginny left quickly with promises to be back soon and I turned to Granger and said, "Fight it 'Mione. Be strong like I know you are and just fight it." He put his hand on her cheek and said, "We will find a way Hermione, just hang in there."Hermiones POV(DREAM)As I walked down a dark hallway I tried to figure out where I was. I heard the sounds of battle not far from me. As I turned the corner I stopped at the sight before me. I was in the Department of Mysteries again.Just ahead I could see my friends held again by the Death Eaters as Lucius Malfoy told Harry to hand over the prophecy. Just as it happened before, I watched as the order Of the Pheonix led by Sirius arrive right in time to save them."Stay away from my godson," I heard Sirius say as he punched the elder Malfoy in the face. Then the fighting began. I shook my head not wanting to see what happened next but incapable of turning away. I saw Harry and Sirius fighting together and I watched in horror as Bellatrix Lestrange appeared out of nowhere and killed Sirius Black. I screamed but, the scream I heard was not my own. Harry was fighting against Remus as he was trying to keep him from going after Bellatrix but, Harry was too strong in his anger. She watched in terror as he ran from the room following after Bellatrix Lestrange.Suddenly her surroundings change and she watched as Hagrid carried Harry Potter across the bridge leading into Hogwarts followed by a crowd of Death eaters and Voldemort himself. She watched as Voldemort announced, "Harry Potter is dead!""No!"She felt the tears course down her cheeks as Ginny screamed and tried to run towards him. She felt the overwhelming sense of loss again as she looked at the body that used to be her best friend and she selt the hopelessness and grief of the moment all over again. She heard the Death Eaters cackle in glee at the news that Harry Potter would fight no more. She waited desperately for history to repeat itself for her friend to stand up and fight but nothing happened."Stand up Harry!" Her mind was screaming. She watched as Neville defied Voldemort and watched in horror as Voldemort raised his wand towards him before...The scene changed again. Now she was standing in The Great Hall again in the middle of the battle and saw Remus and Tonks laying there as well as Lavender brown. She heard the wailing of Molly Weasely and felt the despair knowing what she was about to see but unable to stop it. As if her feet were moving on their own she walked past the crowd of Weaselys to see Fred Weasely laying there, the light gone from his eyes. The ready smile and mischievious look banished from his face forever. She fell to her knees in despair as she watched his twin George hold on to his father inconsolable with grief."Stop! Just stop!" She screamed throwing her hands over her face. "I cant take anymore, please!" She begged.She heard the noise cease and slowly uncovered her eyes as she took in her new surroundings.She was now on the front lawn of Hogwarts just under The Astronomy tower. She looked around in confusion before she looked up hearing a noise. She watched in horror as Dumbledore fell to the ground before her feet, the twinkle in his eyes gone. She screamed as people quietly came to stand around her and she finally saw Harry Potter making his way towards the crowd. She wanted to hug him, she saw the pain on his face but just like the night it had happened she was again powerless to help him. She heard the all crying and saw the hoplessness around her as everyone mourned the loss of a truly great man.Her surroundings changed again, now in the shrieking shack this time. The golden trio were hiding as they heard Voldemort talk to Professor Snape."You've been a loyal servant Severus," They heard him say, "but only I can live forever.""My lord..." Severus said and Hermione winced as she heard the defeat in his voice knowing that his time was over.Soon Voldemort left the shack and Harry crept out to see Snape dying. Harry, being Harry tried to save him but she knew it was useless. As he died he looked at Harry and said in a wondrous voice,"You have her eyes."The scene changed before her eyes once again but this time she was in a dark room. She looked around and saw nothing. She was completely alone, or so she thought until she heard the voices start. Suddenly she was surrounded by Sirius, Tonks and Lupin."If you are truly the brightest witch of our age, why didn't you save me," Sirius said derisively.Her eyes widened as she said, "I didn't know how. Bellatrix was too strong."Lupin and Tonks looked at her in dissappointment and Tonks said,"I have a son who will grow up without a mother or father. Why couldn't you save us Hermione? We trusted you!""I wasn't there to help you two." She said defensively as the tears fell down her cheeks. "It was a battle! I couldn't be everywhere at one time. We had to destroy the Horcrux!"Suddenly Dumbledore was there and he said, "Leave her alone." She smiled in thanks, then felt the smile dissolve as Dumbledore continued, "We obviously put our trust in the wrong person. That was our mistake.""I tried Headmaster," She said brokenly, "I tried but I couldn't save you or them." Another voice came out of the darkness and she cringed."Please not him too..."She thought as she turned towards the voice."Was that all I was too 'Mione?"Fred Weasely said as he looked at her in sadness. "Just another casualty? Did you even mourn me? Or were you too busy playing nice with our enemy?""Of course not Fred," She cried, "you were like my brother.""This is how you treat family!?" He shouted angry now. "I'm not dead even a year and you're off snogging a Death Eater! I'm disappointed in you Hermione."She threw her hands over her ears not wanting to hear anymore but she could still hear every word they said.She sank to the floor screaming."Stop! Please stop! I tried...I swear I did."She laid her head on her knees and just cried.END Dream"Hermione, please wake up," A voice was saying."I can't watch you go through this for much longer. I'm not as strong as you. Please wake up."She felt the warmth of a hand on hers and she tried to hold it. There was a gasp and she heard a voice say, "Hermione? Are you awake? Can you open your eyes?""Who's that talking?"She tried to open her eyes but they felt too heavy. As she drifted off to sleep she was concious of a voice calling her name.Dracos POVI sat there and watched for hours as she alternately cried and screamed, begging for whomever was in her dream to stop. At first I thought it was my Aunt Bellatrix again but, when she started begging for someone to understand it wasn't her fault I knew that it wasn't the same dream I already knew about. Potter and Weasely had both come by many times throughout the night and offered to sit with her for awhile but I refused to leave. I wasn't about to let anyone else harm her and I knew she was definitely vulnerable now. It was about 6 a.m when I suddenly realized what was going on.I swore aloud and Potter, who had been asleep in the chair on the other side of her bed sat up straight and said "What?""I know what the new note meant, " I said angry."You do?" Potter said in surprise.I nodded and then said, "Not that it will help her."Potter looked confused and said, "Well tell me!""The last two lines Potter," I said. "It wasnt a threat. They were telling us what the poison does."Harry thought back to the last two lines and realized he couldn't remember them."This is the chosen one?" I thought as I sighed."Alright Potter listen up," I a deep breathe I recited the verse."The ghosts of her past she soon will see, and relive all the misery."Harry looked at me for a moment and then his eyes widened and he ground out,"That's what the nightmares and screaming is about? They are making her relive all of that?" I saw his eyes become angry as he cursed. In spite of myself I was impressed. I wasn't aware Potter had such an extensive vocabulary of curse words."Don't hold back Potter," I smirked, "tell us how you really feel.""Do you find this funny Malfoy!" Potter said jumping into my face with his fists clenched."Not at all Potter," I said, "I'm angry too but, you have to admit that was a rather impressive amount of crap that just came out of your mouth."He stared at me for a minute before he took a deep breathe and said, "Sorry Malfoy but, you have no idea the horror the two of us have been through. If anyone should be able to remove those memories it's her and some creep is making her go through them all again.""Well at least now we know what's going on," I said not at all reassured to know what we now knew."This will help," Potter said heading towards the door. "It will narrow the search for the poison. When she wakes up I'll be in the library." I nodded and turned back to watch the bravest girl I knew go through a hell I could only imagine. I watched her for a moment ,hearing Potter's words go through my head again,"You have no idea the horror the two of us have been through..."I looked at Hermione and said."Maybe it's time I did."I stood back and pointed my wand at her as I whispered,"Legilimens."Instantly I felt myself enter Grangers mind. As I entered I saw Hermione watching as a group of Death Eaters held her and her friends around what looked to be a portal. I stared in shock as I watched my father demand a prophecy in exchange for their lives. As I watched Sirius Black appear and a fight ensued I was surprised to see Granger crying. She looked like she was trying to scream to warn someone as I watched my crazy Aunt kill Sirius. Dream Potter fought madly against Professor Lupin until he finally got loose and I watched as he raced through the door after my Aunt Bellatrix.I turned towards Hermione but as I did the scenery around me changed. I groaned as I realized where we were."Hermione." I called. She didn't hear me and I realized that even though like me, she was reliving this horrible night, we could not interact. I wanted to leave as I watched her sob in pain and grief as she looked upon the dead body of her best friend. My heart was breaking for her and all I wanted to do was pull her away from this memory and I knew that there was nothing more I could do but watch as these events unfolded again. I watched as Neville Longbottom in the most brave act I had ever seen defied Lord Voldemort. Voldemort raised his wand and then I watched as the scene changed again.Now we were in the Great Hall and I saw injuried and dead bodies everywhere. I followed Granger as she walked towards the Weaselys already sobbing. The look on her face was heart breaking. I didn't want to see what we were about to see but I knew that I couldn't leave Granger to face this alone even if she never knew I was there. As we walked past the crowd of Weaselys I saw the still form of one of the twins laying there. Hermione fell to her knees and I ached to comfort her as she started screaming for it to stop. I ran my hand along the top of her head hoping I could help her realize that I was there, even though I knew it was a futile wish. Just when I thought I could take no more of this the scene changed again.I felt the heartbreak and the guilt hit me as I realized where we were and the part I had played in this memory. As I watched the whole school grieve over the death of Headmaster Dumbedore I felt ashamed. This time I fell to my knees as the tears rolled down my face as the terror and guilt of that night ran through me. If I had never let the Death Eaters in; if I had never rebuilt the vanishing cabinet this wonderful man would still be alive.As I cried I heard a new sound and I looked up. The scenery had changed again. I heard the voice of Voldemort and saw the Golden Trio hiding as they listened to what was going on. I had no clue what was about to happen but from the look on Hermione's face I knew it would not be good. I stared in shock as I watched my godfather, a man who had cared about me and protected me more than my own father, was murdered. I watched as Potter shared a few last words with him and watched as he bottled something up for the pensieve."You have her eyes,"I heard him say to Potter as he passed away.The scenery changed again and I braced myself for the next memory to hit, uncertain as to whether I could even stand to watch anymore. I was relieved as I realized that Granger didn't know where we were either. Maybe that meant that the memory had stopped. I realized that I had relaxed too soon as I watched the ghost figures of Remus Lupin, Nymphadora Tonks and Sirius Black surrounded her. I heard the words they were saying and I wanted to hit them. I watched her defend herself only to see Headmaster Dumbledore come in and make it all worse."I tried Professor," She said brokenly, "I tried but I couldnt save you or them." Another voice came out of the darkness and she cringed. I looked at the newcomer and saw Fred Weasely. He opened his mouth to speak and suddenly it felt like I was jerked out of the memories."Malfoy," A voice said loudly. I blinked as I realized it was Ginny Weasely.She frowned at me and said,"Are you ok? You're crying."I put my hands up to my face and felt the tears on my face. "I'm fine," I said wiping my face."You went in there, didn't you?" She said quietly. "Into her mind?""I had to see what was happening in there." I said quietly. "I needed to try to help.""And," she said quietly."Were you able to help?""No," I said angrily, the frustration of being unable to help still eating at me."All I could do was watch. If I find who did this I will kill them."She looked at my face and said,"You should really take a break.""I'm fine Red,"She looked at me in disbelief and I said,"Really, I am.""Well I brought you breakfast, so try to eat something okay, "she asked quietly."Okay," I said as I watched her leave. I looked at Hermione and wondered what other horrors she was going through in her mind.I put my hand on her cheek and said,"It's not your fault Granger. Just hang on please..."I finally fell asleep a little bit later that afternoon. The next thing I knew someone had grabbed my hand softly. I sat upright when I heard her voice weakly saying, "Draco? What happened?"I looked into her tear stained eyes and said, "You were poisoned. There was nothing we could do. You had to fight it out yourself."She nodded her head and I noticed she was biting her lip again."How long have I been here?"she asked quietly. I quickly did the Tempus charm noting that it was three in the afternoon."Almost 19 hours," I said watching the shock settle on her features. "19 hours of watching you scream and struggle against the things within your head. I'm so sorry I couldn't help you."She opened her mouth to say something but before she could I held up my hand. "There are others who have been waiting for you too."I closed my eyes and concentrating on the fact that Hermione was awake again. With that thought I was able to summon my patronus. I quickly told it where to go and it took off and I turned back to Hermione."Tell me everything," She said quietly. I started telling her everything that happened including figuring out the note.I left out the part of me entering her memories even though I knew I shoud tell her. She nodded at different points and as I finished she looked thoughtful."Now your turn to talk," I said quietly. "You need to talk about what you saw in there."She turned pale and after a moment said, "I can't talk about it right now. I'm sorry."I started to argue but just at that moment Harry Potter and his girlfriend ran in."'Mione we have been so worried," Harry said quickly reaching in to give her a big hug. I moved back to give them room. Ginny Weasely smiled at me with tears in her eyes."Thank you for staying with her Draco," she whispered before heading over to rescue Granger from Potter, who didn't look like he was going to let go anytime soon."Harry, let her go," she said sweetly."I think breathing would be a good thing for her right now."As Potter jumped back and Ginny started talking to Hermione I pulled Potter towads me and said, "Watch her I need some sleep."He looked at me and nodded and I turned around and walked out.Instead of heading towards the common room I headed to the seventh floor, the faces of Severus Snape and Albus Dumbledore playing through my mind over and over again. As I stood in front of the Room Of Requirement I thought about what I needed. When the door slid open I walked inside and I saw shelf upon shelf of glass knick knacks and things."Perfect." I thought grimly before I pulled out my wand and started destroying everything within sight. By the time the room was completely trashed I was feeling much calmer. With a quick wave of my wand the room repaired itself and everything in it."Im so tired," I thought to myself and wasn't at all surprised when I saw a bed appear in the middle of the room.Stepping over to the bed I took off my shoes and shirt and without another word I fell into bed, asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.Beta: Hmm, this villian really thinks a few steps ahead. Who is this evil genius?

Hello Guys! Sorry about the delay. I have not been able to get ahold of my beta to find out about the new chapters I have sent her. I hope she is ok. I have also tried to edit and post it myself however I am obviously a better writer then editor because I just can not seem to make it come out right. I am looking for a beta that can take over until my wonderful beta comes back. Let me make this clear, I am not replacing her however I have been getting alot of PM asking why I have not updated in so long and I would like to get a couple of chapters out there so if anyone can help please PM me. Thanks for reading, KVANCE

Hermione's POVAs Ginny stepped back after making sure I was okay I noticed Draco was gone."Where did Draco go Harry?" I asked trying not to show my disappointment."He went to get some sleep." Harry answered quietly. "He hasn't left here since you got here yesterday evening. He was the one who figured out the riddle.""He was really shook up when I came in this morning," Ginny said softly. "But he wouldn't leave... Just give him time. I'm sure he will be back soon."Before I could ask any questions the door swept open and the headmistress walked in."Ms. Granger, I'm pleased to see you awake," she said with a smile. "How are you feeling?""Fine," I said quickly, "Just a little tired...""I can imagine," McGonagall said, "I can't imagine that your sleep has been restful in the slightest."I grimaced and shook my head."Well you just need to continue to do your work in your room, until Madame Pomfrey tells you that you can return to class," Professor McGonagall said. She turned to Harry and Ginny and said, "As for you two, shouldn't you be in class? I will stay with Ms. Granger until Mr. Malfoy returns.""Yes ma'am," they said as they walked out the door."You Ms. Granger will rest while I talk to Madame Pomfrey," Mcgonagall said as she swept into the next room with the assurance of at least one of children doing what they were told.I laid back against the pillows and thought about the dreams I was having before I woke up. Most of the time when people have dreams they can't remember a single thing once they have awoken; maybe how they were feeling during the dream or something along those lines but nothing else. However, with the potion that I was given I can remember every second of every part of my dream, every single detail. I shuddered as I felt the dreams start to replay through my mind. I felt the tears start to leak out of the corner of my eyes as the words my friends said within my dream started replaying through my mind. They had been dead for months but I felt the sadness of their death as if it was yesterday."Ms. Granger," Professor McGonagall called softly. I looked up into her eyes and noticed they were filled with tears as well."Why won't it stop," I asked quietly. "Why do I keep seeing them over and over?""It's the effects of that horrid potion," the Professor said harshly. "It's plain and simple torture. Someone intended for you to suffer."I looked at her in surprise, not used to hearing that harsh, bitter tone in my favorite teachers voice. She has always been my mentor and the most kind and level headed person I knew."I don't know what you saw and I won't ask, only know that if you need to talk, my door is always open," she said, the harsh tone gone and her normal sweet voice back.I nodded, already knowing I wouldn't take her up on that offer anytime soon and from the look on her face she knew it as well. I guess it's the thought that matters.She smiled and said, "I have instructed Madame Pomfrey to give you a dreamless sleep potion for tonight. Please let us know if you need anything more. As soon as Mr. Malfoy is here you may go back to your dorm. Due to the events that have transpired there will be no more Hogsmeade trips for you in the foreseeable future. I'm sure you understand why."I nodded and she smiled."I have sent for Mr. Malfoy, and Ms. Granger?" She said quietly."Yes Professor?" I asked."You and Mr. Malfoy need to use some of your extra time stuck in your dorms to plan a dance," she said with a smile. "I have heard that the students are expecting one. We mustn't disappoint them."As she finished saying this the doors to the infirmary opened and Draco strode in, looking completely exhausted."Mr. Malfoy," the professor said quietly, "You may take Ms. Granger back to your dorms. She has been released."Draco nodded and the professor gave him a vial."Dreamless sleep," he said quietly. "I will make sure she takes it.""No Mr. Malfoy," she said quietly. "This one is for you. I have talked to Ms. Weasley and she seems to think you might be in need of it as well."He opened his mouth to respond but with the raise of her hand he was silenced."Whether you take it or not is up to you," she said. "However if you do have need of it, take it only when Mr. Potter or Ms. Weasely are within the dorms as well.""Yes ma'am," he said quietly. I looked at him in surprise. What use would he have for dreamless sleep? A thought occurred to me and my eyes widened. He wouldn't have...As I listened, Professor McGonagall gave him some more instructions and a vial of dreamless sleep for me as well."Lets get Ms. Granger to her dorm shall we," the Professor finally said. She waved her wand at me and instantly the hospital gown changed into my normal clothes.I shall walk you there," she said as she helped me stand up.We walked in silence to our dorms and then she left us with a final warning to "be ever vigilant." I walked in and sat down on our couch."So Draco," I said and waited for him to look at me. When he did I asked,"Why would you need a dreamless sleep potion?"I watched as his eyes widened and I knew what he had done."How dare you?" I whispered angry. "Those were my private moments, my private memories. You invaded my thoughts. What gave you the right?""I was trying to help," he said quietly. "I was hoping I could help you deal with whatever you were seeing. You had been screaming and crying for hours. I was desperate to do something, anything."I looked at him trying to understand but I was angry. The worst moments in my life and now he was there to see them all. I was mortified as I remembered what he could have possibly seen and heard."How much did you see?""Enough to know that all your worst memories involved a member of my family," he said quietly, his voice tinged with anger. "My family has basically ruined your life.""That's not your fault," I said quietly, suddenly seeing the memories through his eyes.His father and his aunt were in the Department of Mysteries and had killed Sirius Black. They were also there at the Dark Lord's right side when Voldemort had pronounced Harry dead. His aunt and godfather were there the night Dumbledore died as well. I gasped as I realized he had been there in my mind to witness the death of his godfather Severus Snape. His family had fought against us in the battle that caused Tonks, Remus and Fred to lose their lives. The Malfoys were always there. My anger faded as I realized what watching those memories woud have cost him."Why did you stay," I asked, the anger fading from my voice. " When you saw that you could have left. But you stayed through all of that. Why?""I came in there to help you", he said. "I wasn't going to just leave.""Why," I asked. "You couldn't do anything anyway. Why subject yourself to that?""Does it matter," he asked striding angrily towards his room.I jumped up and cut him off before he could get there."Yes," I answered. "It really does. You need to stop avoiding this subject, because it matters to me!"By the time I finished I was yelling at him I was frustrated and confused by what was happening. I was tired of him putting me off. His eyes flashed and I knew he was getting angrier."Because I wanted to," he yelled back. "Why do you have to do this every time I try to be nice?""Why can't you just tell me what I want to know!" I shouted back. "Why do you have to be so vague?""What do you mean," he said angrily. "I'm just trying to help. Why does there have to be a hidden meaning? You Gryffindors are always trying to find some mystery to solve. Why don't you concentrate on whoever is trying to kill you and back off of me."He pushed past me and I watched as he walked away."You are not responsible for what they did you know," I said quietly. I watched as he stopped but didn't turn around. "They made their choices. You aren't them.""I may not be responsible for their choices," he said quietly. "But I am responsible for mine. What I did features in your dreams too. And I can never make up for it, but I will keep trying."With that he walked into his room and shut the door. I stared at the door for a minute before I walked into my room.It was just the same as when I left it yesterday. It was strange but with all that had happened I had expected it to be different as well. I sat on my bed and as I did something crinkled under me. I pulled back my blanket and there identical to the last few was another note. I stared at it in horror as I realized that whomever had done this had been in my room. As I stared the note started to open on its own and I jumped backwards to escape whatever was stored inside this time. As the parchment opened the words started to bleed off the page onto my white sheets. In a deep rose red the words appeared.My Griffindor princess back in her towerHas been away for many hours,Her dreams held her captive while she was asleep,But now shes awake she'll be mine to keep.As I stared in horror the words started to disappear. Suddenly I heard the sounds of footsteps behind me and I whirled towards the sound as everything went black.Harry's POVAs Ginny and I walked towards our new common room we were discussing the recent events with Hermione."Honestly," Ginny was saying quietly, "I would suspect my brother but he is honestly not smart enough to pull this off.""Don't underestimate him," I said quietly. "He is great with strategy. He was the one who came up with most of our strategies during the war.""Seriously?" Ginny asked surprised. I nodded and she looked thoughtful."So," she finally said quietly, "Does that make him a suspect?""Everyone is I guess," I said uncomfortable with the way the conversation was headed. I knew Ron had changed but it was still hard to imagine him doing these things.Ginny threw me a sad look and I knew she understood what I was thinking."Lets not worry about it until we run out of other options okay," she said holding my hand. I threw her a smile of thanks."Okay."As we walked up to the portrait of the common room Ginny stopped and said, "Wait, why is the portrait already open?"I looked ahead and saw that the door was standing open and sliding my hand out of Ginny's I pulled out my wand. She slid hers out of her robe as well. As we crept through the doorway we saw that no one was in the common room and so we headed towards Draco's room. I eased the door open and saw Draco sitting on the bed reading a parchment. He looked up, saw the looks on our faces and came over to us."Whats wrong?" He whispered immediately pulling out his wand."Did you leave the portrait open," I asked quietly."No of course not,why?" He asked, then piecing it all together he strode out of the room and headed towards Hermione's room.When we got there we pushed open her door and froze at the sight that met our eyes.A dark cloaked figure stood holding Hermione up with their arm around her chest. As we stepped into the room the figure pointed a wand at her head and said , "One more move and she dies."We all froze as we saw that Hermione was unconscious."Let her go," Malfoy said with such a cold voice that I was glad he wasn't talking to me.Whoever it was under the cloak laughed and it was such a crazed sounding laugh that for a moment I felt a chill."You don't scare me Draco," They said with disdain. "You were hardly worthwhile as a death eater and now you can't even protect this girl from me. You are beyond useless and you know it."I watched as Draco fought to maintain control of himself."What do you want with her," I asked drawing their attention to me."Oh look the chosen one speaks," the hooded figure said mockingly. "I was starting to wonder when your hero complex would come to the party. Since when have you been content to let Malfoy do the talking for you." Ginny moved forward in anger and the figure said, "Uh Uh Uh, Weasely. don't want to do that." They pressed their wand further into Hermione's throat."As to what I want her for," the ominous voice continued while looking at Hermione's face. "She must be stopped for her own good. She is consorting with former death eaters and turning her back on her allies. He must have brainwashed her and I'm only doing this to help her, it's for her own good!""You're helping her?! Right, and the Black Lake doesn't have a giant squid in it..." Ginny said as she started getting upset like the rest of us."Hush Ginny." I said as she continued to mumble under her breath."What do you mean," I said harshly, "She hasn't turned her back on anyone.""What about the other third of your golden trio," The voice asked mockingly. "He hasn't been around you much anymore. That's because she drove him away, she made her choice.""Let her go!" Ginny said angrily, "And take off that hood and fight like a man!""But what if I'm not one," The hooded figure said softly, enjoying the shocked looks on all their faces. "Face it, you have no idea who I am."NO POVThe figure slowly started backing towards the window as Ginny, Harry and Draco followed them. When the villan reached the ledge of the window they reached behind them and suddenly the three saw a broom appear in their hand."I've had enough of this." The villain said angrily, "If you want her go get her."Twirling around so fast none of them could stop it they watched in horror as Hermione was flung through the open window.Harry's POV"Accio Broom!" Both Draco and I called out in a flash and watched as our brooms zoomed into our hands.I saw Draco jump on his broom and I was right behind him as we flung ourselves out the window after Hermione's falling body. I focused on her and felt the wind zoom past me as I flew as fast as I could hoping I would make it in time. I heard a scream and realized that Hermione had woken up to find herself hurtling towards the earth. I stretched my hand out as far as I could go and finally right when I thought I was going to be too late I felt her arm in my grasp and grabbed it as I pulled my broom up. I felt my arm jerk and pain seared through it as I felt my arm pull out of the socket. Gasping for air I looked down and felt my stomach heave as I realized I had caught her less than 15 feet above the ground.As I slowly lowered us the rest of the way to the ground I started to shake as I realized how close I had come to letting my best friend die. Finally we were on the ground and as Hermione turned towards me I pulled her close and held her as the tears started pouring down my face.After a while of hugging each other I heard her voice."Harry? Harry I'm all right. Look at me." She said with reassurance.I looked at her and as I saw the tears on her face I said, "I could have lost you. Just a couple more seconds and I would have been too late.""But you weren't," She said quietly. "Thank you. Thank you both."It was then that I realized that Draco had been there the whole time. I turned around to see his trademark smirk on his face."Well Potter," He said trying to hide the tremor that I heard in his voice. "I guess this is one time I'm glad you were a little faster than me."I nodded at him knowing that was as close to a thank you I was gonna get. "You should be used to that by now though," I responded trying to lighten the mood. He smiled for a moment before he looked at the sky and said,"Well whoever that was knows how to make an exit. We were so worried about getting to her we never thought about them.""Speak for yourself," a voice said from behind us. As one we turned around and saw Ginny sitting on her broom. "I chased them around the castle before they flew into the forbidden forest and I figured I should not follow them there alone.""You were right," Hermione said quickly."That would have been reckless.""So what now," I asked."Now we go to bed," Hermione said matter of factually. When we all looked at her in surprise she said,"I am very tired and I need to sleep.""Fine," Draco said quickly. "But tonight you sleep in my room."I opened my mouth to protest and he held up his hand. "Alone of course," he said quickly, "Get your mind out of the gutter Potter."I felt my face turning red as Ginny laughed quietly."Okay lets get upstairs,"Hermione said heading towards the front doors."Granger," Draco said causing her to turn around. "We can't go that way. The doors are locked."She paled as she realized what he meant and said, "I cant... I just cant."I watched as Draco walked forward and touched her arm. "We wont let you fall. I'll hold on tight and even if I lose hold Potter is here to catch you."She looked like she was about to argue until he said quietly,"Trust me Hermione."I watched as her eyes searched his face looking for something she must have found before she nodded."Did you see that look," Ginny asked me quietly and I nodded. I watched as Draco pulled her onto the broom in front of him and she curled her arms around him with her head in his chest.As we prepared to fly back up to our window Ginny whispered, "That was a sight I never expected to see."As we flew towards our window all I could think was,"That makes two of us."Draco's POVAs I wrapped my arms around her in preparation for our flight back up to the window I felt her small arms go around me and felt her head lay on my chest. I felt the terror that had been humming through me since I saw that masked person with their wand to her throat, slowly start to ease. When Hermione was safely to the ground I envied Potter as he immediately swung her into his arms. I felt an impulse to tear her away from him and make sure she was safe for myself."Are you ready," I asked quietly and with only slight hesitation she nodded her head at me. I marveled again at the amount of courage she held in her small body. As I lifted off of the ground I felt her swiftly in drawn breathe and said quietly,"I've got you Granger.""Hermione," she said quietly.I looked down at her head and said,"What did you say?""You called me Hermione earlier," she said looking up at me. "I think we are definitely past last names now, right?"I nodded and she looked down again. By this time I was landing us in her room through her window."Thank you Draco," she said as Harry and Ginny landed behind us."No problem," I said quickly. "Red can you help her get her things while Potter helps me make sure my room is ready?"Ginny looked at me strangely before she nodded and Potter followed me out of Hermione's room and into my own.Without giving him time to realize what I was doing I whipped out my wand and muttered a quick spell. He yelled as his hurt arm quickly mended itself and he glared at me."Could have given me warning," He said angrily."Would you have let me fix it if I had?" I asked curiously.He glared at me for a moment before shaking his head no."How did you know I was hurt," he said quietly."The way you caught her, while amazing," I said with grudging admiration,"would have put extreme pressure on anyone's arm. And afterwards while you held her you didn't really hold her with both arms. You left your hurt arm hanging limply next to you.""If you knew that," he said quietly. "Then you knew I wouldn't have been able to catch her if she did fall. Why did you tell her I would?""Simple Potter," I said with a roll of my eyes as I heard the girls coming to join us. "You wouldn't have had to catch her as I would never have let her fall."His eyes met mine and there was a rare moment of understanding passed between us before the door opened and the moment was over.Villian's POVI seethed as I thought about the way my plan had gone wrong. She was supposed to be in my grasp at the moment not sequestered safely back at Hogwarts. I knew after this latest attempt it would be next to impossible to get back into her dorms again so I would have to rethink my plans. Potter and Weasely shouldn't have been back that early. I knew their schedule like the back of my hand and I should have had another half hour before they made it back.I clenched my fist as I pounded the railing in front of me angrily. Too many more scares and they would move her to somewhere I would never find her and that would be the end of all my plans. I couldn't let that happen. I would need to move quickly if I had any chance of accomplishing my goals."Soon Princess," I said aloud. "We will meet again very soon."I smiled as I turned to go inside already thinking ahead to what had to be done.I knew my next move and I had to make sure there would be no more room for mistakes.Beta: Still trying to figure out who the villain is? Good luck! Oh...and sorry for the wait guys. We all have lives outside of fanfic and mine got a bit crazy.

A/N I wanna apologize for the delay. Between me my beta and technical difficulties fanfiction was going through it has been awhile.I also seem to have run into a wall with where I want to go next.I appreciate all the support and the patience and the verbal kicks from my less then patient readers, Love you all! Do not forget to review to let me know what you think. It will really help me know if I have went in the right direction.By the way I still own none of this.I woke up the next morning feeling refreshed after a surprisingly restful nights sleep. Right before I went to bed after Harry's assurances that he would keep watch, I finally agreed to take the dreamless sleep potion. As I stretched I remembered I wasn't in my own bed. I cast a quick spell and was appalled to see that it was past 11 in the morning. I groaned as I realized Draco would have been unable to come in his own room while I slept half the day away. I quickly jumped out of bed and with a wave of my wand made the bed. Glancing into the mirror across the room I did what I could to straighten my mass of hair.As I walked out the door I glanced towards the common room to see Ginny sitting on the couch."Hi," she said quietly."How did you sleep?""I slept pretty well apparently," I said as I headed for my room."Um 'Mione," she said as I put my hand on my door."Yes." I said turning to face her."You might want to knock," she said with a smirk. I looked at her blankly before I realized what she meant."He's still in there?" I asked quietly, surprised because like me Draco was normally a early riser.When she nodded I took my hand off the door and walked to the couch."So how do you feel," asked Ginny as I sat down."That, I'm not quite sure on," I said quietly. "Everything is happening so fast and things are changing so quickly.""What exactly is going on with you and Malfoy," she asked softly."Whoa, major discussion changer..."I looked at Ginny for a moment before I said quietly,"I don't know but, I wish I did."She gave me a look that I couldn't decipher before saying, "You might want to figure that out while you have the chance."I heard a strange note in her voice and was about to ask her what she meant by that statement when the door to my room opened and Draco stepped out.He glanced towards us and with a quick smile walked into his room. I stared at his door for a few seconds before turning back to Ginny."This whole thing has me so confused, you know? I mean we were enemies last year and suddenly this year he has changed from that spoiled rotten prat into this sweet guy. Which is the real one? Should I trust this? Or should I run as far away as possible? And why am I even worried about this? Someone is trying to kill me and I am worried about this?"I looked at Ginny and noticed she was smiling at me."What?"I asked."You're rambling 'Mione," she said laughing. "It's rare and far between where you are not completely logical and put together. It's kinda nice to see you lose it."I glared at her and she laughed. "Just stop thinking so much and go with it. Take it one step at a time alright?"I nodded and then said,"I'm going to go take a shower and try to clear my head okay?""Sure, take your time." She said as she nodded and I walked to my room.As I walked in I noticed that my bed had been made and all signs of the intruder last night had been cleaned up. I stopped at the end of my bed suddenly feeling scared. Slowly I looked around half expecting to see the intruder from last night creeping out of my closet. I stared at the closed door for a moment before pulling out my wand and whispering the spell to open the door. As it swung open I tensed ready to defend myself if necessary. I started to laugh as I saw that it was empty before I sank down onto my bed."That's what I call Gryffindor bravery." I thought derisively.I looked around at my room which had seemed warm and welcoming when I had first moved in but after last night suddenly seemed like a cold and scary place."We can switch if you like," a voice came from the doorway. I looked up to see Draco lounging in the doorway watching me."What?" I asked him confused."Rooms," he said quietly as he walked towards me and sat next to me on the edge of my bed. "If you want, I can move into this one and you can have mine."As I looked into his warm grey eyes I saw the concern and sincerity there, suddenly I felt safer. There was no logic to it since I knew that the danger was still there but I felt a feeling of peace."No thank you," I said warmly,"I will not let him/ her, or whoever they are chase me from my home."He smiled and said, "I knew you were going to say that.""Because you know me so well," I said teasingly."Better than you think," he said playfully. I smiled at him and he smiled back and for a moment there was nothing but silence as we just stared at each other. I looked deep into his eyes and suddenly there was a new kind of tension in the room. I watched as his hand came forward and brushed a piece of my hair back behind my ear. As he pulled his hand back I felt it trail down my face and unconsciously turned my face into it. He stopped and for another moment we just stared at each other before he started to move closer.He was going to kiss me, I knew it but I wasn't sure if I should stop him or just go with this wonderful feeling and see where it would lead. As he came closer I slowly closed my eyes and let out a sigh as I felt his lips touch mine so gently. I raised my hands to his shoulders and felt his hands circle my waist. After what felt like only a few seconds I felt him begin to pull back and slowly opened my eyes to see him staring at my face with a gentle smile on his face.He opened his mouth to say something but before he could I heard Harry calling me. I saw the irritation on his face before he said,"Great timing that one has."I laughed as I agreed silently before he stood up and said,"Well, let's see what he wants."He held out his hand; I took it and we walked out to see what Harry wanted.As we walked into the common room I noticed Ginny's gaze zoom onto our hands and saw a smirk come across her face. Harry was sitting next to her and although I saw him glance to our joined hands as well I knew he wasn't going to say anything. He smiled at me and asked,"How are you feeling?""Pretty good,"I said as I let go of Draco's hand and sat down in the chair folding my legs underneath me.I glared at Ginny as she mouthed,"I'll bet you do.""How does she always seem to know?" I thought to myself.She smirked at me before glancing towards Draco. I followed her gaze to see his eyes on me. As our eyes met he raised an eyebrow in question and looked from me to Ginny. I smiled at him and shook my head.Harry cleared his throat and I looked at him."We should probably figure out what to do next," Harry said as soon as he had my attention."We should tell one of the teachers," Ginny said quietly."No," I said quickly. "They will make me leave so I can be safe.""Maybe that's better," Draco said quietly and I looked at him furious."Are you mental?" I asked through gritted teeth. "I am not leaving. This is my last year at Hogwarts and I will not have it stolen from me!""A year of school or your life, Hermione?" He said quickly. "I pick your life.""Well, aren't we all glad it's not your choice then, it's mine." I said jumping up and walking towards him, my earlier warm feelings gone. How could he want me to leave after all we've shared? Didn't it mean anything to him at all?He smirked at me and said slowly,"Well Granger, I still say that if you were using your brain at all, you would understand that we need to tell someone.""And if you would stop trying to tell everyone what to do, maybe we could figure out a way for me to stay here and be safe at the same time," I said loudly, so angry that I wanted to hit something."Maybe I should just hit him. Felt pretty good the last time...""Okay,both of you stop fighting," Harry said quickly. "It won't help.""Only because Granger is too stubborn to listen to anything I am saying!" Draco growled standing close to me and glaring. "And for your information it is all of our choice. We are all in this together. We are all here for the purpose of keeping you safe and it will be on all of us if we fail.""Is that all this is to you, Malfoy," I said putting emphasis on his name. "I thought we were becoming friends but obviously I was wrong. Do what you have to do, but I will not leave here willingly."I shot him a look hoping that he could not see how much he had hurt me with his words and went to my room slamming the door behind me. A minute later I heard a knock on the door and yelled "Go away Malfoy," only to hear the door open anyway."He was right you know," Ginny said quietly from beside me."Your life is more important than finishing the last year of school."I opened my mouth to protest but she held up her hand to stop me."I am not done," she said quietly. "He didn't mean that last statement the way you took it."When I glanced at her she smiled. "He does care about you, a lot. He is worried he can't protect you and wants to make sure you are safe just like Harry and I do."How could he want me to leave if he cares Ginny?" I asked quietly not wanting anyone to overhear."Maybe he is thinking the same as I,"Ginny said firmly. "Maybe he would rather have you alive and away from him then keep you here and have you die."I looked at Ginny as she rose from her place on the bed next to me."Next time you talk to him you might want to bear in mind that we all care about you and this is hard on us too. So cut him some slack okay," Ginny said as she walked to the door.I watched as she walked out the door thinking about what she said.Dracos POVI watched as Granger slammed into her room with Red following soon after. I glanced over at Potter in time to see him sending me a sympathetic look."That didn't go to well did it?" He asked softly."Understatement of the century. Why is she so stubborn?" I said angrily. "Of course we are friends! Why would she even ask that question?"Harry opened his mouth to answer me but before he could I interrupted him."I just wanted to make sure she was safe! But does she see that? No! Of course not! Brightest witch of our age my arse."During this I had walked towards the door not sure where I was actually going but knowing I had to get out of there. I slammed the door behind me and kept walking. Before I knew it I found myself down in the dungeons. As I walked into the Slytherin common room I saw Blaise sitting on the couch in the surprisingly empty common room. I sat down next to him angrily.He looked at me in amusement as he took in my mood."So what brings you down here to slums with the rest of us oh prince of Slytherin?" He said humorously not minding the glare I sent in his direction one bit."Not the time Zabini.." I growled not missing the smirk he sent my way."What is wrong with you?" He asked."Nothing." I said quietly.Blaise laughed at me then said, "What did Granger do this time?""You know not every mood I have has to do with Granger you know,"I said crankily, annoyed by how easily he was able to read my emotions.He gave me a look that told me I wasn't fooling anyone before he sat back and put his hands behind his head and waited."You still haven't answered the question," He finally said."I just needed space from the new Golden Trio," I said angrily. "I'm surrounded by bloody Gryffindors all the time.""That bad huh," Blaise said sympathetically."Well," I said feeling slightly bad for making it sound worse then it was, "Red is pretty cool but more than a little scary. Potter is slightly less annoying then I thought he would be, but Granger..."I trailed off not sure what to say but suddenly it was like a dam burst and I just had to say what I was thinking."She is so stubborn," I said angrily. "And always so willing to just throw herself into whatever dangerous situation there is to be had. Stupid Gryffindor pride... She thinks she is bloody invincible and will not listen to any logical thing that is said. We say don't do it, it's dangerous and what does she do?" I asked looking at Blaise."She does it! And then has the nerve to act like I am the bad guy for trying to keep her alive! And her friends do nothing to stop her. I just..."I trailed off as I saw the smirk on Blaise's face."What is so funny!" I demanded."Not every emotion is about Granger." He said quietly.I glared at him again before I sighed and said, "I don't know what to do."He became serious and said, "What do you want to do, Draco?"I thought about it for a minute before saying quietly, "I just want to keep her safe. I don't know if I could handle another death laid at my door.""Another death," Blaise answered, "or hers?"Before I could answer there was a commotion at the door to the common room and a very drunk Theo Nott stumbled into the commons. He stopped at the sight of me before stumbling over to us."Well,well if it isn't Draco Malfoy," He slurred. "What, did Granger finally let you off your leash for good behavior?"I felt the anger flow through me but before I could say anything Blaise said, "Shut up, Theo. Take your drunk arse to bed before you say something you can't change.""What's wrong Blaise," Theo asked snidely, "can't handle the truth? Poor Draco has finally been leashed and by a mudblood Gryffindor at that. How the mighty have fallen."I jumped up ready to kill him but before I could I heard Blaise yell, "Mobilicorpus!" Before I knew it my body was lifted into the air.At the same time I heard a familiar voice yell, "Incarcerous!" As a result Theo fell to the ground."Thank you Pansy," Blaise said as I looked over to where Pansy was standing on the stairs. "Now could you take Nott to his room to sleep this off, while I take care of Draco?" She nodded and with a murmured levitation spell Theo was floating back to his room."Enjoy your time with her Draco," He sneered as he was carried away. "It won't last forever."Blaise waited until he was gone before moving his wand in the direction of the couch and settling Draco on it. Draco jumped back up to go after Theo and Blaise said, "You will lose your head boy privileges if you do.""Do you really think I care?" I asked rudely as I continued heading up the stairs."So who do you think will protect Granger when you are gone?" Blaise asked conversationally.I stopped and looked at him."What do you mean?"Blaise rolled his eyes and said, "If you lose your head boy badge they will have to appoint someone new. You will have to move out of the tower so I was wondering who would take your place?"I started back down the stairs sighing deeply, knowing he was right."Sometimes I hate you Zabini," I said quietly."Ditto,Draco." He said with a smile."i guess I better go," I said as I walked towards the door. "And Blaise?"He looked at me and I smiled as I said, "Thanks."He nodded and I walked out the door thinking about what Blaise had said. Suddenly, I knew what I had to do.

Harry's POVI watched as Draco slammed his way out of the common room. To say I was concerned would be an understatement.It was not that I minded how close Hermione and Draco were getting, (although to be perfectly honest I was not entirely comfortable with it.) It was more how their relationship changing, effected their ability to think clearly. They were so busy butting heads that they were not being as careful as I would like them to be. That was a real problem for me because this kind of situation caused mistakes and my best friend's life was on the line.I felt a hand on my shoulder and looked up to see Ginny smiling at me."Everything okay," she asked looking around for Draco."Yes." I said pulling her down beside me. She leaned into me as I wrapped my arms around her waist. It always made me feel better when we sat like this."I am just worried that we aren't going to be able to save her." I said putting my worst fear into words. "I think that Draco is too distracted at the moment. What if we miss something? I don't want to live in a world that she's no longer in."I felt Ginny stiffen beside me before she said, "What about me? I would still be here."I was puzzled at her tone. She almost sounded angry, but why?"I know," I said slowly trying to figure out why she was angry. "But I want you both here."She nodded and laid her head on my shoulder."So what is next?" She asked with a sigh."I really don't know," I said quietly. "I wish I did."Draco's POVBy the time I had finished preparing for what I had to do, it was late when I came back to our dorm. I was worried that what I had put into place would backfire or that Granger would prove difficult to convince of why we had to do it this way. I had only involved myself and two others in the planning as I needed secrecy if Granger was going to make it out of this situation alive. They had required a lot of convincing as well but finally had seen it my way. My mind was crowded with the million of ways this could go wrong, but it was too late to stop what I had set in motion. I walked in to see Potter yet again on the couch waiting for me as expected."Can we talk for a minute?" He said quickly as I went to walk past him to my room."I am really tired Potter," I said quietly continuing to walk to my room. "Can this wait until tomorrow?""Not really," He said calmly."What!" I spat as I whirled around to face him."Having a problem Malfoy," Harry asked quietly."Yes, I do Potter," I said quickly. "You, your girlfriend and Granger are my problems. I didn't sign up to be some sort of white night. All I try to do is help and over and over again, I am made to be the bad guy. Well guess what? I am done with it. Do you hear me? Done!"I saw Potter's face change into anger as I yelled."What do you mean Malfoy," He asked angrily. "Done with what?""All of this Potter," I spat back. "No more being with her everywhere she goes. I refuse to be a guard dog any longer. It is not like she appreciates it anyway. You saw her this afternoon. Did she seem thankful at all?""Is that what this is about Malfoy? Someone being thankful?And here I thought you had actually grown up from that spoiled rotten little boy I once knew. Was this all about showing people you had changed? I should have known. Once a ferret always a ferret!" Harry yelled angrily."What is going on out here?"A voice asked from behind me. I felt the sinking sensation in my stomach as I turned to face the confrontation I had been dreading and hoping to avoid for a few more hours.Granger was standing a few feet away with red rimmed eyes looking from me to Harry and back again."Tell her Malfoy," Harry said angrily. "Tell her how when everything gets tough you decide to run away.""What do you mean Harry?" Hermione asked quietly looking at him before turning back to me. "Draco? What does he mean?"I felt my resolve crumbling at the pleading look in her eyes but held my stance."I thought you were the brightest witch of our age," I said derisively. "You should be able to understand something so simple. I am done looking after you all the time. I am not a guard dog. This is my last year of school and I have not been able to hang out with anyone but you Gryffindorks. All I get from you is crap for trying to help. I don't need this and I most certainly don't need you."I watched as her face fell before that proud look was back on her face. Before she said anything I felt something hit my jaw and I hit the floor. Potter was standing over me and I took my leg and hooked it behind his before jerking him right off his feet. As he fell he rolled towards me and punched me again. I hit him back as I vaguely heard Granger screaming at us both to stop.As I hit him again I suddenly felt like something was holding me still. When I looked over I saw Potter was in the same situation."Well, well," I heard a sugary voice say and turned my face too see an obviously livid Ginny Weasely pointing her wand at us. "What have we here?"Her voice was calm and quiet but the look in her eyes told me I was in trouble. She turned to look at Harry and if I had not been so scared myself I would have laughed at how terrified he looked at that moment."Explain please." She said in a way that let us know it was not a request. It was at that moment that I realized that by herself she had immobilized both of us without ever saying a word. I suddenly understood Harry saying that I had no idea before."Wow, Red is more powerful then she looks." I thought in admiration right before I realized that, that power would probably be turned on me momentarily and the only two people who could talk her down were very understandably angry at me.I heard Hermione's voice suddenly say,"It's all right Ginny. Malfoy is understandably upset over how much time he has had to spend dealing with our little problem and Harry seems to disagree with him as to whether he has an obligation to help us."Her voice was cold and she refused to look at me addressing only Red before turning to Potter and saying, "It is all right Harry. We can do this without him. The three of us are quite powerful enough to do this. Let him go Ginny." I looked over at Red who looked from me to Hermione with anger evident in her face.Red finally looked at me and said, "Your father would be proud Malfoy. You are a selfish cowardly excuse for a man just like him."With a wave of her hand I was released from the hold she had on me."Now leave Malfoy," Hermione said quietly. "Go back to your friends. You got your wish and I hope your happy."I looked at her and then turned to go to my room.After I shut the door I laid down on my bed knowing that I needed to get some sleep to face what the next few days would bring. I shut my eyes but every time I did I saw that hurt look on her face and had the urge to fix what I had just broke but knowing I could not. I reached over finally and grabbed my as yet unused vial of dreamless sleep and tossed it back. As I felt the sleep finally start to claim me my last thought was of what I was going to do when I found who had caused all of this.Hermione's POVNot too long after Draco went to his room I excused myself to mine leaving Ginny and Harry to talk."I don't need this and I certainly don't need you," his voice rang angrily through my head as if he was just saying it. I again felt like I was being sucker punched, just like the first time he said it. I didn't even know I was crying until I felt the wet drops hit my hand where it lay resting on my lap. I wiped my face in a futile attempt to make the tears stop but only cried harder as I felt my heart break. I laid down on my bed and pulled my covers over me no longer fighting the tears. I don't know how long I cried before finally, sleep over took me.The next morning I woke up early and listen for the sounds of movement in the common room. There were none so I dressed quickly and headed to the hall for breakfast. I was there early so there was no one else around but to be safe I still cast the detection charm over my food relieved to see that they were fine. As I picked at my food the door to the cafeteria opened and in walked a group of students. I quickly looked down as I saw that it was Blaise Zabini, Theo Nott and Pansy Parkinson led by none other then Draco. He seemed to hesitate as he saw me sitting alone at the Gryffindore table but Pansy grabbed his arm and whispered something in his ear as she pulled him away. I felt angry at the sight of her pale hands clutching his arm so tightly but shook it off and went back to pushing the food around on my plate.I stayed a few minutes longer, then got up and headed to the one place I still took comfort in,the library. It felt like I was there only moments before I felt someone slide into the seat next t me. I looked up to see Ginny sitting there quietly reading her book as she scribbled down notes. Not too far away at another table sat Harry working on something as well but I noticed his eyes were on our table quite a lot. I leaned over to Ginny and whispered, "Why is Harry sitting all the way over there?"She smiled and said,"He wanted to give you some space in case you were angry at him for how he acted yesterday.""Not at all," I said quietly, ready to call him over but she stopped me."You are far to nice you know," She said with a laugh. As I looked at her puzzled she whispered, "Let him stew for a moment or two. He deserves it for going all caveman. If you let him back immediately he won't learn anything.""That is evil," I said smiling."But very effective," Ginny said with an evil grin that kind of scared me...only a little.I laughed and was surprised that I was able too. She gave me a smirk before her face became serious."So how are you really doing?" I could hear the sympathy in her voice before I sighed and answered her honestly."I don't know really. I think I am still shocked that it all turned around so fast. One minute we are doing so well and the next this. It's all so confusing.""Well take your time," She whispered giving me a hug. "You don't have to have all the answers at once."As she pulled away she gave me a smirk and said, "Now lets go put a certain raven haired boy out of his misery shall we?"With a quick giggle we gathered our books and did just that.The next two days went by uneventful. I would only see Draco in the great hall at meal times, during which we would make sure to not have any contact. Harry was always on the lookout for anything that might be a threat to me and Ginny was always trying to calm him down. By the time I got home at night Draco would already be holed up in his room and would not come out before morning. We never saw each other but he never slacked off on his head duties. He would leave a note on our counter to let me know he was doing the patrols and keep me up to date on plans for the ball. Luckily my would be assailant made no attacks during this time. On the evening of the third day I walked into my common room and to my surprise saw Draco sitting on the couch. I stopped in shock as I had not been in contact with him in days. As he noticed me staring he scowled in my direction and said, "Why are you staring at me Granger?"I quickly schooled my features into disinterest and walked past saying, "Just wondering why you suddenly decided to grace us with your presence Malfoy."He scowled at me and turned away before quietly asking, "Where is Weaselette and Potter?""They will be here soon," I said as I walked into my bedroom. A few minutes later I heard the portrait door open."There he goes again." I thought to myself.Seconds later I heard Harry say, "What rock did you finally crawl out from under Malfoy?"Sod off Potter," Malfoy said angrily.I walked to the common room to see Harry and Malfoy face to face."Harry," I said quietly as he turned to look at me. "It's not worth it."I saw the hurt go over Malfoys face for a split second before his mask slid back into place and wondered why he cared.Harry backed away from Malfoy and went to sit on the couch. I sighed and walked back towards my room stopping as I noticed that my Hogwarts A History had fallen off the shelf and onto the floor. Puzzled I bent to pick it up and as I did the book fell open and a strange powder filled the air. I immediately started gasping for air as I felt my airways close off.I saw Harry run towards me as everything went black but the last thing I felt was Draco wrap his arms around me and the pop apparation.Harry's POVI saw the dust hit her and she started to fall but as I ran towards her Malfoy grabbed her and apparated away. Ginny and I ran as fast as we could towards the hospital wing, but as we neared the doors Professor McGonagall came out with tears pouring down her face. I felt my heart stop as she looked at me and I saw the sadness in her eyes."Hermione," I whispered brokenly needing confirmation, anything, of what I read on her face.She shook her head and said,"I am so sorry Mr. Potter. She was already gone when she got here. Madame Pomfrey did all she could."I felt the tears roll down my face and I shook my head denying what I was hearing. They were wrong, they had to be..."I have to see her," I whispered pushing my way past my professor and rushing inside. There she lay on the bed pale as a ghost. I walked over to her and knew in an instant she was gone. I touched her face and recoiled at how very very cold it was already. There was no rise or fall of her chest, not a single breath. I took a deep breath as I felt a deep pain spear through my chest. I heard a moan and realized it was coming from me."No, Hermione no..."I would never see her smile again, would never hear her scold me for waiting until the last moment to do my work. Would never again, have the comfort of talking to my sister. As I sat there the pain kept growing and growing and I sobbed in agony. I had lost so many people but never had the agony been so great.I fell to my knees beside her bed overwhelmed by this moment. I felt someone's arms wrap around me and looked up to see Ginny's tear stained face."I am so sorry Harry," she whispered to me and I leaned into her for support. I saw Professor McGonagall and Madame Pomfrey having a short discussion and then heading in our direction. Madame Pomfrey handed me a cup and Professor asked me to drink it. I shook my head quickly. If I fell asleep now when I woke up she would be gone when I came to. I didn't want to leave her here or have her out of sight whatsoever. Madame Pomfrey whispered a spell and I felt my will fall away. I quickly gulped the medicine and my last thought before falling asleep..."Please, please let this be a nightmare."Ginny's POV"Someone pinch me!" I thought anxiously.I couldn't believe it, it felt like I was still in shock. She couldn't be dead, could she? As I watched them lift Harry and put him in a hospital bed I felt numb. This just couldn't be happening. After everything they had been through, all the danger of fighting in a war for Merlin's sake, this was how she died? I stood up and looked at the girl that had been the closest thing to a sister I had ever had."Goodbye Hermione," I whispered. "We will find whoever did this I promise."A/N: Please dont hate me! I had my reasons. The story is not over yet.

A/N so bad news people. I had up until chapter 34 done and then my three year old broke my computer so I am having to do a rewrite. Ugh. Hopefully it wont take long but I hope you are liking the story. Please let me know. Thanks! By the way you will find out the identity of one villain in the following couple of chapters. Hope you are ready.Harry's POVI woke up the next day with an ache in my chest that wouldn't seem to go away. As the hours passed I felt numb and at a loss. What was I supposed to do now? How would I do this without her. She had been my rock for so long, the only one I could turn to when I needed to talk. She was the only one who could understand what we had been through during the war. I couldn't wrap my mind around the fact that she was gone. I kept waiting for someone to tell me it was a mistake, some cruel joke that someone had played. She was my sister and I had failed her. Everyone around me seemed to be giving me a lot of space. I felt them staring but aside from the occasional, "I'm so sorry Harry," everyone seemed to understand I needed to be alone.I knew I wasn't the only one mourning but in my grief I didn't care. I couldn't handle my own pain let alone anyone elses. I felt like I was living a nightmare I couldn't wake up from. Madame Pomfrey insisted I take something to sleep again that night and I agreed. Anything to take away the pain of what I now knew was true. I would never ever see her again and it felt like a part of me was dead as well.The funeral came and went as the days passed and yet still, I couldn't seem to focus. There was a big turn out, as it would seem that there were many people who had loved and cared for Hermione. I wanted to cry but could not seem to. It was as if some part of me could no longer release the tears. I grew angry and needed some kind of outlet. The anger festered and festered as the days went on. Ginny tried to help me but I pushed her away. I knew it was wrong but I didn't want to feel, I didn't want to let go, because if I did then she would be truly be gone. The anger grew and grew until I felt like I was choking on it. By this point I had cut myself off from anyone and everyone.I was sitting in our common room one day about a week after her funeral when it happened. I heard a voice drawl from the doorway."Still sulking Potter?"I turned around feeling the anger coursing through me suddenly burst at the sight of Draco Malfoy leaning against the wall smirking at me."Sod off Malfoy," I snarled at him."Now is not the time!""Will it ever be Potter," He asked angrily. "I thought you were better then this. What would Hermione say..."I growled not letting him finish, "Don't say her name. You don't deserve to after what you did.""I didn't do anything Potter," Draco said angrily."That's right you did nothing," I spat, "nothing but break her heart."He looked stunned for a second then he started to get angry. "I did not," he started again."You acted like you had changed into something resembling a decent human being," I said."You made her trust you and then turned on her when it became inconvenient.""Everything I did, it was for her," Draco said angrily."Shut up MALFOY!" I shouted, pulling my wand. "You cared nothing about her. I thought you did. She thought you did, but you proved us both wrong.""You have no idea about my feelings Potter," he said quietly."You have no feelings," I said angrily. "You are a soul less, selfish excuse for a human being. I don't know what Hermione saw in you but I guess that's the last mistake she will ever make.""Whatever Potter," He said quietly."Think what you will, but at least I care enough to not sit around. I am actually doing something. Unlike you."He turned around to walk out and I had, had enough."Furnunculus," I shouted but he must have been expecting it because he turned around with a quick, "Protego.""Attacking an opponent that has his back turned," Draco said frowning at me. "I thought better of you Potter. Too bad Moody is not around to turn you into a ferret!""Your back isn't turned now Draco! Fight me!"I felt more alive then I had in days. I felt the anger coursing through me as I threw spell after spell towards Draco. He swiftly deflected them all instead of fighting back making me more and more angry."Fight me you coward," I yelled angrily. After a while I was breathing heavily, the pure anger I felt seeming to take more energy out of me then normal.Finally Draco quickly yelled,"Expelliarmus," and I fell to my knees as I felt my wand fly from my hand.The anger seeped away and I felt the pain return. The dam broke, tears started coming down my cheeks at an uncontrolled rate as I felt the sadness take the place of the anger. I heard footsteps and looked up to see Ginny kneel next to me. Her arms closed around me and for the first time since that day, I accepted comfort."I am sorry Harry," I heard Malfoy say quietly. "But I had to get through to you."I heard the door close as he left.Ginny's POVAfter I helped Harry get to his room after what seemed like hours of crying I found myself standing at Draco's door. I knocked and as he opened it I stared at him for a minute.Finally I said,"I don't know whether to hex you or thank you.""Please don't do either," He said quietly. "Although I may deserve the hex."I stared at him for a minute and said,"You loved her too didn't you?""I think I always will," He said quietly and I gave him a quick hug."We will make it through this I promise. And we will get whoever did this." I told him with determination.He hesitated then nodded and I realized he wanted to be alone.I smiled and turned around to leave."Hey, Red." His voice said from behind me. I turned and he smiled and said,"Thanks."I nodded and kept walking hearing the door close behind me.VIllian's POVI felt the anger course through me as I tried to understand what has happened. It was a small dose. It was only supposed to make her ill, not kill her. How had the dose been increased to the point that it had become fatal. I made it very specifically, so how? I scowled as the realisation hit me. If it wasn't fatal when it left my hands then the only reasonable way that could happen is if ...I growled as I figured it out. I had been double crossed.Beta: Villian double crossed by another villian...smh...until next time

A/N: Hello to all and I am so sorry. My life went to H%$# and back and I found my muse Impossible to find. I wIll try to update more often. Love you all and Thank you to my new always Harry Potter is not mine and sadly neither is Draco Malfoy.Harrys POVThe pain was by no means lessened by my confrontation with Draco but afterwards I finally woke up enough from my grief to realize that I was letting whomever had taken Mione away from me get away with it as I sat and did nothing. Over the days following I started investing time doing what I could to try to get justice for my sister. As I walked around the school grounds it was like I was in the war again, constantly aware of everything that was going on around me. I was watching without being obvious, waiting for whomever it was to mess up and show me their true hand. I became totally obsessed with finding them until nothing was more important. It was in those days that I started noticing how her death was affecting everyone else.All of Gryffindor house seemed to still be in mourning. All the ones who had known Hermione and fought with her in the war were very quiet and didnt seem to know how to act around me.The new Gryffindors who had only known Herione first through legends and seond through her posistion as Head girl seemed to be unsure as to what to do and mostly sat quietly at their tables not saying much. The whole house seemed to be in mourning and they werent the only ones.Hagrid's eyes were red rimmed and he didnt seem to take his meals in The Great Hall anymore. Mcgonagall seemed to have aged 20 years over night at the loss of her protege, the grief was written all over her face.Most of the Slytherins were taking it as expected, which was to ignore it. Zabini kept giving me sympathetic looks and even went so far as to tell me how sorry he was.Malfoy didnt look affected at all which made me want to hex him again,but I knew I needed my focus on finding her killer so I ignored him. That was rather easy to do since he seemed to spend all of his time in his room anyways. I was surprised that in my list of suspects Malfoys name was not even considered,but somehow no matter how it ended I knew that he had cared enough at one point to not kill her.Theo Nott was being himself. Angry, aloof and a typical pain in the arse to all around him.Parkinson and the Greengrass girls,Daphne and Astoria were seemingly immune to it as if it was not something of import for them to pay attention.Molly Weasley especially was inconsolable, Percy told me and George had gone back to hiding in his room which he had done for months after Fred had died.I saw Ron around the halls and he looked bad. He was definitely shaken by the news. He looked to have lost ten pounds since she passed, his eyes were red rimmed all the time and he looked as if he hadnt slept in weeks.I wanted to feel for him but remembered that he was partially responsible for the grief she had had to endure during her last months with us and couldnt seem to feel for him. Luna Lovegood was made Head Girl and had respectfully requested that considering the cirumstances she be allowed to remain in her house and the Professor had agreed. I was a bit angry to find that plans for the winter ball had commenced but when I questioned the professor she had only smiled sadly and told me that especially now the students at Hogwarts needed something to celebrate.Where a couple of weeks before there had been excitement now noone seemed to even want to talk about a Ginny had seemed to lose her excitement.I knew this was not what Hermione would have wanted for us especially now but I didnt know how to fix it. How can you fix something like this? No magic in the world could give life back to the dead. But I was going to give her justice if it was the last thing I did. She deserved that much.Villians POVI walked towards the astronomy tower where I was to meet my accomplice to discuss the events that had transpired. I still felt the anger coursing through me at the abrupt end to my plans. I had planned them so carefully. I had taken hours upon hours of preparation and research to use just the right amount to put Granger to sleep only to have it all ruined by that stupid girl! I knew her jealousy well, in fact I had exploited it quite shamelessly in order to get her cooperation,but I had not realized that she would be able to take that final step on her own. How could I have known that she would tire of the game and take away all I had worked for?And she did it all for the supposed love of a boy who would never truly care for her. I reached the top of the tower and scowled as I realized that she wasnt there. "Stupid witch," I finished speaking I heard rushed footsteps and she appeared out of breath."Sorry I am late,"she said quickly."I couldnt seem to get away."I glared at her before slowly asking,"What made you think it was a good idea to double cross me?"I saw fear and confusion cross her face as she said"What... What do you mean? I did everything you told me to do!""The dose I gave you to give her would not have killed her."I spat at her angrily."You think I did something to it"She said angrily."I told you I didnt want anyone to get hurt. You promised me you could get her out of the way without killing her. She is dead now and you are blaming me?No way! I am done with this."She turned around and started to walk away but I grabbed her and pulled her backwards my hands tightening in her hair to a painful point."Ouch let me go"She yelled trying to get my hands out of her hair.I leaned over her shoulder and whispered in her ear,"Did you really think it would be that easy to walk away from me?"As I spoke I took one hand from in her hair and wrapped it around her throat slowly squeezing."Granger was the point of this you stupid witch!By this time she was gasping for air,still clawing at my hand trying to breathe."wasnt me,"she managed to gasp but I simply squeezed harder until finally she kicked out hard. I grunted from the impact and angrily shoved her head backwards and heard a sickening thud as her head hit the wall and her whole body went limp. I checked her quickly and cursed as I realized that another death would put the entire school on lockdown and could even close the school for the rest of the year. I held her for a moment longer before simply letting her drop to the ground. As I looked over the railing I saw something and smiled as a plan came to me. After quickly getting everything ready I waved my wand over her erasing all signs of bruising around her body. After one last glance I turned to leave. As I made my way down from the tower I kept hearing her voice saying,"wasnt me'""So if it wasnt her then who did it,"I thought angrily."I will find out."I left the tower already pushing my little nuisance out of my all she was no longer my problem.

Dracos POVI knew she was going to be mad so I took the precaution of taking her wand before she awoke. She wouldnt understand why I had to do it the way I had. It had been days and I had not been by to even check on her. She had been given no explanation for why I had done what I did.I was a slytherin first and foremost so I had looked at it in the most effective way possible and realized that for this plan to work there would need to be casualties in this war. As I slipped out the secret passageway that had been created between my room and The Hogsmeade Inn,I tucked her wand into the pocket of my robes. I was not looking forward to her reaction to my appearance at her door. As I walked into the Hogsmeade inn I walked up the stairs to be greeted by the sight of Blaise Zabini looking very frazzled."Thank Merlin you are here,"he said with a grimace."Good luck in there.""What have you told her,"I asked quietly."Nothing"He said quickly."I didnt want her to kill the messenger."I almost laughed then saw the serious look on his face."That mad,"I asked with a grimace.He gave me a glance full of pity before he said,"As I said before, good luck. By the way,She has already guessed you planned this but I did not confirm anything."He clapped me on my shoulder as he walked away.I drew in a deep breathe and walked through the door."Where in Merlins name have you been,"I heard a very angry voice say.I turned slowly around to meet the eyes of a very angry Hermione Granger.Hermiones POVI woke up in a strange room that I vaguely recognized as being a room at the hogsmeade inn.I was awake for hours unable to get out of that room, as it had been magically sealed and my wand was gone. I didnt know how I had been brought there and the only thing I could think was that it had finally happened. My attacker had finally got ahold of me. I looked around for something I could use as a weapon but there was nothing. after what seemed like forever I heard footsteps outside and tensed as the door opened. I looked up in shock as a face I recognized but never expected to see appeared in my door."Blaise,"I whispered in disbelief."It was you all along?You did this? But why?What did I do to you?"He looked confused for a moment before I saw understanding come across his face."Wait,"He said quickly,"You dont think..."He started to laugh and said,"Look Granger you have this all wrong. I did not bring you here to harm you.""But you do admit to bringing me here,"I said angrily."Let me out !""sorry Granger,No can do,"He said with a smile.I walked towards him and if I had not been so angry I would have been amused by the look of fear I saw cross his face."Listen, Zabini"I said with a glare as I walked to stand right in front of him."You will let me out now, because you know I will get out of here eventually and when I do I will hurt you in ways you cant even imagine."I saw him swallow hard and I said,"Now..Open...The .. Door.""Well you see Granger I really cant do that,"He said with a smile."I am under strict orders you know.""Orders from who,"I said quickly.He shook his head with a smile and said,"Afraid I cant tell you that Granger,But I will tell you that we are only trying to protect you and..."I suddenly realized that there was only one person whom Blaise was this loyal to and I cut him off to ask,"Where is he Blaise?""Who,"He asked slowly."Dont play stupid,"I said with a snarl,"We both know there is only one person in the world that you would do this for Blaise so I will ask you one more time. Where is Draco?""Who said anything about Draco,"He said quickly. I simply crossed my arms over my chest and giving him my best glare he pulled out his wand and muttered a quick"incarcerous."I yelled as invisible ropes tied me long enough for him to make it out then he quickly released me with the counter spell and locked the door I heard him say,"wow Granger,I didnt know you even knew those words."After a few minutes of yelling and Blaise saying nothing back I finally stomped over to sit on the bed amusing myself with planning what I was going to do with a certain ferret when I got ahold of him.I wasnt too sure about the passage of time that I waited for Draco to appear, I only knew that Blaise would show up a few times daily to bring me clean clothes, food and thank Merlin, Books. After the first few times of trying to get answers out of him and getting nothing in return I resigned myself to wait for Draco to make his appearance. A few times I thought of trying to escape but Blaise was always careful to immobilize me when he would come in and only let me go as he left.I knew that days had passed only because of how many times Blaise's bringing me food. On day four, I heard the door open and braced myself to feel the spell immobilize me but surprisingly enough that never happened. Instead of Blaise coming in, I saw the silver blonde hair of Draco Malfoy entering the room. Since I was off to the side he didnt see me immediately so I said,"Where in Merlins name have you been.""I'm sorry I had to wait so long to come here,"He said quietly."If I had shown up any earlier it could have blown the whole plan.""What plan,Draco,"I asked quietly,"And why the secrecy?Why not just let me in on the plan instead of holding me prisoner here?""Because I knew you wouldnt agree,"He said."And it had to be done this way.""What did,"I asked suddenly nervous from the guilty look on his face."Draco?WHat did you do?"He took a deep breathe and told me what had happened. He told me about the attack on my life and how Blaise himself and two of the staff had saved me and then hid me away so that the entire school now believed I was dead. He then explained how the nurse had administered a potion to my still unconcious form to make me look dead and how they had Harry confirm it was me.I started to cry as I imagined the pain My best friend must have been in to see me like that. He explained to me how Mcgonagell had held a funeral for me.I shook my head in horror as I realized how extensive the deception had been."I cant believe Mcgonagell would allow you to take me against my will like that,"I said and he looked away quiltily."Well, I may have,possibly,Not mentioned that you were not in on the plan,"He said nervously."So let me get this straight,"I said angrily,"You took me against my will, forced my best friend to witness my death,and enlisted the aid of two members of the staff using lies and trickery?""Yes,"He said looking me straight in the eye,"and I would do it again in an instant if it meant protecting you.""Whats the plan now Draco,"I asked angrily."Hold me hostage here until after school is over?How did this help?""We are trying to draw out your attacker,"He said."He didnt mean for you to die so he is probably very angry right now. He will be trying to figure out how it happened,why it happened.""So I am supposed to sit here and wait until this madman gets angry enough to do something rash? Do you know how long that could take,if it ever happens at all,"I spat at him."I want to see him. He needs to know I am ok. You have no idea what this must be doing to him.""No,"he cut in harshly,"Potter will not be part of this. We need him to think you are dead.""Dont tell me you think Harry is in on this plot against me,"I said in surprise."Of course not,"He said,"If there is one thing I can say about Potter it is that he cares about you almost obsessively.""Then why,"I asked desperately,"Draco,You cant hurt him like this to protect me.""He is the main reason this will work Granger,"Draco said firmly."If he knows you are alive he wont be able to pretend what he is feeling right now. They will know something has changed.""I dont care,"I said angrily,"I want him to know. If you want my cooperation this is not negotiable.""As I have already shown I dont need your cooperation Hermione,"He said quietly.He turned to leave and I said "Draco,If you do this,I will never forgive you."Without turning he said,"Alive to hate me is still better then dead."He walked out and I threw myself on the bed quickly as I was taken over by tears and I cried until I finally fell asleep.Dracos povAs I went back to the head dorms I was angry. Of course she would take Potter's part in this hardest. She was completely totally unreasonable. Everything I had done was for her. She couldnt seem to understand how much I had done for her. None of this had been easy. The worst part was I knew that she meant it. As I walked into the head dorm I saw Harry Potter sitting on my bed. He had surprised me as he and red had moved back into Gryffindor after Hermione had been pronounced dead."Great,"I thought to myself."I am in the perfect mood to deal with him."He looked like he had been to hell and back but there was a change to him that I could see,A determination in his stance."Why are you here Potter,"I asked."Because I need your help,Malfoy,"He said matter of factly."I cant move on until we found the person who did this. We should have protected her better.I should have protected her. it is too late and now I need to fix it. We both failed her help me fix it."I saw the desperation in his eyes and heard the pain in his voice.I heard her voice in my mind again saying "you have no idea what this must be doing to him."Then I heard her say,"I will never forgive you.""Draco,"He said again questioningly.I looked down and saw that his hand was still outstretched and I knew what I had to do. Reaching down I grabbed his hand and said,"I hope her faith in you is justified."He looked at me strangely and I said "Come with me."

I'm back! So sorry it took so long. Between my inability to transfer my written work in my computer onto without losing words and content and the writers block that has been caused by the severe trauma that I have been through these past years( don't ask) it was difficult to get back into this. I hope it was worth waiting for and I will definitely attempt to finish this soon.Harry POV"What are we doing here Draco" I asked confused. "and what does this have to do with Hermione?""Just wait Potter,"He said quietly. "We cant talk here." I impatiently followed him as he walked up to a room which surprisingly had Blaise sitting outside of it. His eyes widened as he saw me and I began to feel uneasy."Are you sure about this Draco," He said in a very serious tone. "You said""I know what I said Blaise and this has to be done this way"Draco said quietly."Let us in."Blaise nodded and moved to the side. I looked between the two of them and my uncertainty must have showed because Draco said "trust me want to see this." I went to follow him in and Blaise winced and said "um Draco? It might be safer for him to go in first."I started to object but then Draco shook his head and said, "NO it should be me."He opened the door and walked in and I followed him. At first I saw nothing unusual. It looked like a normal room but then I noticed that someone was asleep in the bed. The covers were covering them and Draco waved his hand towards the bed and said "Be my Guest." I walked over to the bed and slowly pulled back the covers. I felt like my heart had stopped as I took in the Bushy hair and as I saw the puffy eyes closed in sleep. I felt like my heart had stopped and restarted in the next instant as I staggered back from the bed. I looked from her to Draco then back to her lying asleep in the bed."how," I rasped out since my throat felt like it was slowly closing. I looked at her again and then back to Draco and a realization hit me. "it was you," I growled as I pulled my wand. "why would you do this to me? Do you hate me that much. I thought we were becoming friends."Draco opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted by a voice I had thought I would never hear again."Harry," Hermione said in a tone of disbelief. "is it really you?"I looked over at the bed and there she was, my sister, alive and well and looking at me with disbelief. I felt the tears start pouring down my face as she jumped up and ran to me. I returned her hug and felt her tears soak into my shirt as well."I cant believe it is really you" I said quietly as I held her close. "I thought you were dead. They told me you were dead."I felt my voice break on the last word and she hugged me tighter and said "I know Harry. I'm so sorry.""What happened,"I whispered. "How are you here?"She pulled away and said,"They didn't tell you?" She glanced over my shoulder and it was at that moment that I realized I had forgotten Malfoy in the with my arm around her waist I turned and said "Tell me what Malfoy?"Dracos POVAs I watched the reunion between the chosen one and Hermione I realized how much I had hurt them both and somehow I was less certain then I had been an hour prior that I did the right thing. Before I had a chance to speak Hermione did."Harry I need you to remain calm and listen to him ok? Don't be rash." Harry just kept looking at me for a moment and said "I will listen for now."Slowly I told him everything that had occured and why I had chosen to do what I had done. Hermione kept her hand on Harry's arm and I noticed she applied a little bit of pressure occasionally to insure that he didn't raise it or release her waist. When I finished He looked at me and I braced myself for the explosion I knew was about to come. Finally when I felt like I was about to explode he gently took Hermiones hand off of his arm. "its ok,"he said when she started to protest and she dropped her calmly walked over to me and said"that was very Slytherin of you Draco. I would definitely have never expected it. Did it get results?" I was shocked to say the least. Potter being reasonable? I had half expected a sectumsempra."not really as much as I had expected but it has not been long enough yet," I grudgingly admitted."what can I do,"He said quietly."what you have been doing Potter,"I said quietly. "Mourning Hermione. Being lost without her. If you arent no one will believe she is gone."Potter looked at Hermione and said "is this ok with you?"I looked at her and noticed she was looking at Potter with as much confusion as I was feeling at his reaction." with a couple of changes sure,"She said quietly."Harry are you ok?""im fine, He said calmly. "but Malfoy?" I turned to him to respond and felt the pain hit my jaw as he punched me."if you ever do that again," he said with an eeire calm," they wont find the body."As I rubbed my jaw where it had started to go numb I realized that he meant it.

Harry POVAs I walked back through the gates of Hogwarts my steps felt lighter. Although I was angry at Malfoy for what he had done to me, I still had a grudging respect for the elaborate plan he had carried out.I had to admit it was very Slytherin of him. I wouldn't deny how good it had felt to punch him the way I did. I smiled as I remembered the surprised look on his face as my fist connected with it."Harry," I heard a hesitant voice say. "Is that a smile?" I turned to see Ginny standing there, my Ginny, holding a stack of books. She seemed surprised and it was then that I realized that the ruse had not only affected me, it had affected Ginny as well. I had not been there for her at all during any of it,and in fact I had pushed her away rather harshly at times. I stepped a little closer to her and praying she would forgive me I said" I guess it is." She searched my eyes and then smiled and said" Finally. There was a catch in her voice as she asked" what made you smile." I thought for a moment and decided I would give her as much of the truth as I could. I leaned in closer to her ear and said " I punched the ferret." Ginny giggled and I realized how long it had been since I heard that sound. "I would have loved to see that,"she said with a shy smile.I smiled at her and said "Maybe next time."Everything went quiet for a moment and then I said" Ginny, I'm sorry I haven't been there for you lately." She looked away but not before I saw the tears appear in her eyes. "It's fine Harry," She said quietly, all trace of laughter gone."I know what she meant to you, how important she was to you." I reached out to gently pull her close to me and whispered,"You are just as important to me as she was and, I'm sorry I didn't show you that." She let out a small sob and buried her face in my shirt. I just held her like that for a few moments before I pulled away from her. I tilted her head up to give her a gentle kiss. As she settled in close to me for the first time in awhile I felt piece.Draco's POV As Potter left I watched him go hesitant to face Hermione. When I left her last she was so angry and after watching the reunion between the two of them,I was finally starting to realize what I had done to the both of them. Then Potter punched me and I realized I had deserved it. I truly believed he would end me if I ever did something like this again. The silence grew and still neither of us spoke. I could still not bring myself to turn and look at her. Finally realizing she was not going to talk to me, I started to follow Potter out the door.I hadn't gone more then two steps toward the door when I felt her arms go around my waist and her face press against my back. I froze in shock and she whispered,"Thank you Draco." She began to pull away and I quickly turned to stop her, and pulled her close to me again. I sighed deeply as I put my chin on the top of her head. We stood there for a moment before I reluctantly pulled away. " I hope you are right about this Hermione,"I whispered,"Or I did all of this for nothing." She lifted her hand and slowly traced the bruise forming on my jaw. "He can do this ,I promise," She said,"Just trust me."I felt her hand slowly trace over the bruise again before she said," I'm sorry he did this." I turned my face more into her hand as I wryly admitted,"Me too." She laughed softly and I gave her a small smile as I said" But I cant blame him. I would have done the same thing. Besides Its not the first time I have ever been punched." I raised my eyebrow at her wondering if she would catch what I was saying. She was quick to get the reference and laughed as she said,without remorse,"You totally had that coming." I gave her a scowl worthy of the Malfoy name which only made her laugh up the pretense I laughed with her,loving the way her eyes were I looked at this girl who I knew i would do anything for, including dying, and admitted to myself what i was still not willing to tell anyone else. I loved Hermione Granger more then my own life and would do anything to make sure she was safe.

Hey All! I know it has been forever! Here is a little something to tide you guys over. Reviews definitely help to keep me motivated though. Thank you for not giving up on me.KvanceDraco's POVDespite Hermiones's assurances as I walked into the great hall the next morning I instinctively glanced towards the Gryffindor table, sure that Potter would be giving away the whole thing. To my surprise there was Potter Sulking at his table pushing food around on his plate but not really eating any even though Ginny was trying to coax him to. As she glanced up and saw me Ginny glared and made a rather rude muggle gesture that I had not encountered before but I was able to discern the meaning to. I quickly headed to the Slytherin table to see if anyone said anything I needed to hear. As I sat down Theo glared at me and rolling my eyes I looked farther down the table. As I did I noticed Daphne was red eyed as if she had been crying. Pansy was sitting next to her consoling her and as I met her eyes, I gestured towards Daphne and gave her a questioning look. Pansy nodded and then made her way out of the great hall. I quickly followed to see what she knew. As I walked out the door Pansy whispered "Draco over here."When I walked to the doorway of the room she was sitting in she pulled me in and shut the door. I raised my eyebrow at her and she rolled her eyes and said, "that doesn't work on me you know." I smiled and said "worth a try though right?" She smiled and then her face fell and she said" Have you heard about Astoria?" Surprised, I stood up straighter and said "what about her?" "She's missing Draco," Pansy said quietly. "Since last night. She left to meet a guy she has been meeting off and on for weeks but this time she never came back." "Who is he,"I said immediately. "No one knows," Pansy said quietly. "She wouldn't tell anyone anything even her sister!" "What did Mcgonagell say," I asked. "We didn't tell her," Pansy said. "We didn't want her to be in trouble and we wanted to talk to you first but we couldn't find you."I looked down guiltily as I realized I had stayed the night with Granger when one of my house was in trouble. Astoria was one of my best friends sister and we had grown up together. She had always followed me around but she was sweet."Draco, what do we do," Pansy said quietly. "Daphne is concerned and so am I. What if the one who got Granger..."I cursed out loud as I realized I had never even thought of the possibility that taking Granger out of the situation would leave this maniac to find someone new. And for it to be Astoria!"ok first I need you to run the rumor mill," I said quickly. "I need to know what everyone in Slytherin knows about Astoria and this guy. Tell them to keep it quiet for the moment."Pansy nodded and I saw the relief on her face as I took the responsibility from her and gave her something she could do to help."And Pansy," I said as she went to leave," I'm sorry I wasn't here."She nodded and left quickly.VIllians POVI watched quietly as Draco sat down. He and Pansy shared a look and she immediately stood up and left with him following soon after. I grimaced as I imagined what the two of them were getting up to together. "He really did get over Hermione terribly quickly"I thought to myself as I watched him go after the Parkinson witch. "He had been watching carefully to see if anyone had missed Astoria but apparently she was as unimportant to them as she had been to him. I smiled as I wondered how long it would take them to find her where I had left her. Should be pretty soon.I looked around the Great Hall as I considered my next move. I rolled my eyes at the would be savior Potter and his continued mourning. I watched Ginny weasely and her continued futile attempts to be enough. I looked at Daphne Greengrass and wondered if somehow she knew she had lost her sister. Soon I would start my new revised plan and the brats at Hogwarts would not know what hit them.
