"Leave the Horcrux."Harry stared at the locket on the table. Ron had left a week ago and Hermione hadn't stopped crying. It was upsetting that Ron had left, but Hermione crying broke his heart. He'd been in love with her for as long as he could remember, ever since they'd saved Sirius together, but he knew that they could never be together. He had told Ron that he was going to ask her to the Yule Ball, but Ron had asked him to not ask her. Harry could tell Ron had a crush on her, and he had agreed, he kicked himself when he heard how Ron asked her, and again when he saw her in her blue dress, she looked like a princess. Harry knew she was no damsel in distress, she could take care of herself, just ask Malfoy. Man, she could throw a punch.When Ron got together with Lavender, Harry was going to ask her out, but he's aw how cried over Ron. He wasn't about to stop her happiness, he wanted her happy, even if he wasn't the one making her smile her award winning smile or laughing her amazing, musical laugh. He stood up, he'd had enough of her crying, she was staying to help him, but she'd rather be with Ron. He walked over to her, curled up in an armchair with a blanket wrapped around her. She had happen back to him, yet he could still see her hair over the top of the armchair, her beautiful chocolate coloured hair, which smelled of vanilla. He sat down opposite her. "Hermione you don't have to stay, you can go him." He didn't know what to expect, but he didn't expect what happened next. SLAP Harry clutched his cheek. "What was that for?""I slapped you for being an idiot. Why on earth would you think I wanted to leave?" Each word was said with such fury, he suddenly knew how Malfoy felt during their third year. "Hermione is clear you have feelings for him, ever since he left." "Of course I'm crying, my second best friend just abounded us because of the Horcrux and had enough time to calm down and come back, but hasn't. What do you mean I have feeling for him; please tell me you don't mean Ron.""Of course I mean Ron. You've been crying for a week." "Harry I may have had childish crush on him during our sixth year, but I can't stand him. I only ever put up with him because he was your friend." Harry couldn't help himself; he started to laugh, hard. Hermione was angry. "Why are you laughing?" Harry wiped the tears out of his eyes. "Hermione, Ron hasn't been my friend since the Triwizard Tournament. I only put up with him because he was your friend." They both looked at each other for a minute. They both started to laugh and laugh. They laughed so hard it hurt.After they had stopped laughing, Harry looked at her. "Hermione, I know a Horcrux is at Hogwarts." When she opened her mouth to respond, he held up his hand. "Just hear me out, and then you can tell me I'm completely wrong." Hermione simply nodded. Harry took a deep breath. "Tom Riddle grew up in an orphanage, and but the time he came to Hogwarts, he was a very skilled at hiding his true self. He grew up alone, isolated and friendless. He grew up thinking he was a freak of nature and being treated like a monster. Hermione, Hogwarts was the first place he felt at home, where he finally belonged. I know what that feels like, that's how I know that he put a Horcrux there." Hermione was silent.She was doing that cute biting her lip thing she does when she's deep in thought. Man, whenever she did that made Harry want to grab her and kiss her. He didn't dare do it though, their mission and more importantly their friendship was too important to him, for him to screw it up over his fantasy over kissing her. Little did he know, Hermione wanted to do the same thing? She was indeed in deep thought. Harry had clearly put a lot of thought into this. He had made a lot of sense; he had clearly put a lot of thought into this and was willing to take his time to convince her, as he knew that he was right. Harry sat opposite her, he did his running his hand though his hair when he's nervous thing he does when he's waiting on her opinion. He only ever did it when waiting on her thoughts, no one else's.It was though her opinion was the most important in the world to him. He had no idea that when he did that, she just wanted to jump up, sit down on his lap and kiss the living daylights out of him. She didn't dare do it; his friendship was all she had left, after Dumbledore's funeral Ginny had accused her of stealing Harry. That friendship was over, Ron had walked out, and her parents were all the way down in Australia with no memory of her. Harry was the only thing keeping her going.

Harry was getting worried. Hermione hadn't said anything for a couple of minutes."I think you're right Harry." Harry blinked. "Did you just say ..." Hermione pulled out her wand. "Yes I did, now don't push it Potter. Now what do are we going to do about Vol..."In an instant, Harry had covered her mouth with his hand. "Hermione, don't say his name, it is well known that only Dumbledore, his most loyal supporters and I say his name. What if he cursed it with a tracking charm?" He took his hand away from her mouth. "Okay, what do we do about Riddle's Horcrux being located in a literal castle guarded day and night?" Harry was silent for a minute. "We leave it until last." Hermione smiled, but stopped when she noticed Harry was lost in thought."Hermione, when I first came to the came to the Wizarding World, Hagrid said Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide, except for Hogwarts." Hermione jumped up and ran off, coming back a minute later with the book she was using to do all their plans for hunting the Horcruxes. "Okay so he have Slytherin's locket, we know the sword of Gryffindor located in the Headmaster's office can destroy Horcruxes, and there is a Horcrux at both Gringotts and Hogwarts." Harry looked at her. "Hermione do you a picture of Ravenclaw's lost diadem."Hermione was shocked. "Um, I think Luna may have given me a sketch of it."She stood up and went to the kitchen table in the middle of the tent. She started to look around in her bag, pulling things out of it. This went on for a couple of minutes before pulling out a piece of folded parchment. Harry came over and looked over her shoulder. Upon seeing the image he was overjoyed. "Mione, I've seen this before, it's in the Room of Requirement, more specifically the Room of Hidden Things." Now it was Hermione's turn to be overjoyed."Harry, that makes things so much easier. We can use any of the secret passages to slip into the castle, use you cloak and map to avoid detection. We can steal the sword of Gryffindor, and grab the Horcrux on the way out." Harry suddenly had an idea. "Hermione, surely Riddle would be able to feel when the Horcruxes are destroyed. Shouldn't we destroy them all at once?" Hermione nodded. "Then we say his name, allow ourselves to be captured and they will take us to him, and I can kill the snake while you beat him once and for all."Hermione stopped suddenly as something clicked. "Harry, did you call me Mione?"Harry was nervous; he hadn't meant to call her that. Whenever he thought of his future that didn't involve Voldemort, it was always him marrying Hermione having a couple of children and growing out together. In his little dream world, there was only two things he payed attention to at his wedding. His beautiful bride had insisted on having lilies at the wedding, not that he'd ever argue against it.The other thing was that she was his bride and later wife. He didn't even see what dress she was wearing; all he saw was her beautiful face. That was the only thing that mattered to him, she could have whatever she wanted at the wedding, whatever house she wanted and as many or as few kids as she wanted, as long as he had her. Now he'd gone and shattered that little dream by calling her his pet name.Little did he know Hermione had the same fantasy? All she wanted for her wedding was lilies as the flowers, and Harry as her groom and later husband. She didn't care where they lived, how many or few kids they had all she wanted was to grow old with him, and everyday he'd call her 'Mione'. Now he'd actually done it, and that was the push she needed.

"Hermione I can explain." Harry started and then stopped when he felt her lips and against his. "Harry, stop talking." He pulled her close, smelling her. She smelled like new parchment and vanilla. He could never get enough of that intoxicating smell. He pulled her close like he was never going to let anyone take her away, because he wasn't. She wrapped her arms around his neck for the same reason. They only stopped when they needed to catch their breath. "Hermione does this mean that..." "That we are boyfriend and girlfriend, or that I love you. Yes to both" Suddenly Hermione was kicking herself, she'd had him, then she'd gone and ruined it by saying the L word way too song. Her thought were interrupted by Harry kissing her. Instinctively, she kisses him back. He smelled like treacle tart and a broomstick polish, she was addicted to that smell and she didn't care.When Harry broke off the kiss. Hermione pouted slightly, so he pecked her on the lips. He then walked off a sat down in an armchair. "Hermione no one has ever told me they love me. I don't know what love is." Hermione smiled, she walked up and sat down sideways in his lap, with her legs folded into the chair. "Don't worry Harry; you've got the best bookworm to teach you." He smiled and pulled her into him. She rested her head in the crook of his neck. She only looked up when she heard the clock, it was midnight. "Come on Harry, we need sleep and I mean sleep."She stood and pulled Harry to her room. She came back, already changed and gave him his Pyjamas. "Harry, can you stay with me?" Harry kissed her forehead. "Always." With that, they both got into bed, with Harry wrapping an arm around Hermione no pulling her close. "Harry." "Hmm." "We are going to have to leave here soon. Ron isn't coming back, and we agreed we wouldn't stay in one place for more than a week." They went to sleep and both dreamt of their life together. Needless to say, that was the best sleep they'd ever had.The next morning Harry woke up to Hermione lying next to him, with her head resting in his chest. She opened her eyes and smiled. They got up and after a breakfast of whatever they could find after Ron had eaten all the food. Hermione was fiddling with the Wizarding Wireless, while Harry was doing the dishes. When he'd finished he sat down opposite her. "What are you doing?" Hermione didn't even look up. "I overheard Fred and George discussing setting up a network which would be just for Dumbledore's army. I just need to find the right password." Harry was silent. "Hermione, you know how the military use a similar set up to communicate."Again Hermione didn't look up. "What about it." Harry grabbed her chin and gently turned her head. "What if we could use this to be able to get into contact with the Order? I know Dumbledore told us not to tell anyone our mission, but we are going to need help to break into the two most secure places in all of magical Britain." Harry counted down from 10. "We will need a book to learn about old radios. My father had one; he always loved reading and learning about how that sort of thing works. He taught me so much, I could take a radio apart and put it back together. The only thing I don't know is the different spells placed on the radio to make it undetectable to muggles. The magic gives it a unique frequency that muggle radio can't detect. The spells are relatively straight forward.""Okay, so we grab the book from your house, being careful that's it's not being watched. I have a better idea." Harry stood up and called out. "Kreacher." Bang"Master summons Kreacher." Harry knelt down. "Kreacher what happened to the bad man who was able to get inside Grimmald Place." "Kreacher stun Bad Wizard. Bad Wizard is a follower of the Dark Lord and is not welcome in Master's house." Harry smiled at him. "Kreacher you have done brilliantly. We want you to pack up all our things and take them back to Grimmald Place. You are to then come back for Hermione. I will Apparate onto the top step under my cloak. I want you to get the door for me. "Yes Master." Harry and Hermione looked at each other. They may not have a long-term plan, but they are well on their way.

Once Harry and Hermione had settled into Grimmauld Place, and Hermione had retrieved her father's book, they had both fallen into a routine. Every day, they'd wake up together, it was Harry's job to get the supplies that they needed. He had sent Kreacher to Gringotts to exchange a large amount of galleons into Muggle money. He may of had to pay a small transaction fee to keep it secret, but it was worth it.He went out once a week, spent a small amount of money buying groceries, that would usually only last a day, but he had magic on his side. He was able to find a spell in one of the books Hermione had brought along on the hunt; it allowed him to preserve the perishable food he'd brought. He was able to increase the amount of food they had, and then Kreacher would take over, as he was doing all the cooking and cleaning to help "Master and Mistress". Both Harry and Hermione secretly loved that Kreacher called Hermione "Mistress", as it was a sign that their shared fantasy of a life together was coming true.When he wasn't taking care of their basic essentials, he was reading every book he could find and he made a list of useful spells. He had a list of cooking spells, a separate list broken into offensive and defensive spells. He had also made a list of spells that would be useful to have, such as warming and drying charms. He was gradually making his way through, learning every spell he could, and once he was ready he'd start teaching Hermione.Hermione was meanwhile busy, every day she had the equally important job of making contact with the order. It had taken her a couple of weeks, but she was confident that she had managed to do it, and that was good enough for Harry. During their first week, either Harry or Hermione would get nightmares and they'd end up going to the other. Either way, they ended up waking up every morning in each other's arms. After the first week they decided, that seeing how they end up in the same bed anyway, they should just go to sleep together. They ended up both going to sleep and waking up in Sirius' old room.It was late November by the time they were ready to contact the order. Harry had made a stockpile of canned food, and he had told Kreacher that if they had to abandon Grimmauld, Kreacher was to take the food Harry was collecting, put it somewhere no one would find it and hide at Hogwarts, blending in as another house elf working in the kitchens until Harry called him. Hermione had modified the Wireless to be able to talk to the Order. The downside was that they could only transmit when the Order did, and then anyone and everyone who was listening to Potterwatch would hear them. It was a risk they were going to have to take.While they were waiting, Harry taught Hermione every single spell he had learned, while she was getting the wireless to work. Hermione had worked out that they were going to stick with the theme of code names that Potterwatch had, but make it clear to everyone who knew them, so they knew they were both safe. She had decided that he was going to be 'Phoenix', honouring Dumbledore's memory, and giving people the hope that they all desperately need. He was going to bring Wizarding Britain out of the ashes and she was going to be right by his side, every step of the way.He had briefly thought of what Ron's nickname would have been, probably 'Griffin' for Gryffindor. Harry had insisted that her code name be 'Raven', as in Ravenclaw, due to her brilliant mind. That had earned him an extra-long snog, which was a reward for both of their hard work. They had been taking shifts waiting by Wireless, as they couldn't afford to miss a transition. As Harry came in to take over from Hermione, the Wireless turned on.

"Hello Potterwatch."Hermione nodded to Harry and he picked up the microphone, while Hermione turned on the transmitter. Static started coming through the radio. "Apologies Listeners, we seem to be having some sort of interference." Harry cleared his throat, and said in a clear voice. "Phoenix to Potterwatch, Repeat Phoenix to Potterwatch." There was a scrambling, almost like a number of people were trying to all grab the microphone at the same time.Then, after a quick pause, they heard a familiar voice coming through. "This is Potterwatch; we read you loud and clear." It was Remus' voice, Harry would know it anywhere. Harry handed Hermione the microphone. "Potterwatch this is Raven. We would like to arrange a rendezvous. We will meet for dinner, at the place where one star shines brighter than the moon when it's alone in the sky." Harry was proud of Hermione's message; the brightest star was a reference to Sirius, which meant that the meeting place would be his old house, where they were staying. The moon alone in the sky meant that 'Moony' was to come for dinner, and he was to come alone.There was a long pause, when he was working out the riddle and then Remus spoke. "The moon is never alone in the sky; he is always joined by his companion." It was simple; he wanted to bring his companion, his wife. Harry and Hermione shared a brief look. She nodded and handed him the microphone. "We will see you then. Phoenix and Raven over and out." Potterwatch then continued as normal, but Hermione switch it off. Remus and Tonks would be able to update them of any information that they need to know.Harry called Kreacher and told him that they'd be expecting Remus and Tonks for dinner. Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the day discussing what they were going to discuss with Remus and Tonks. By the time they arrived, they had that should apologise to Remus about the last time they spoke. When they first came back to Grimmauld Place, Harry had asked to remove the umbrella stand by the front door. Now they got Kreacher to put it back, as a way to test Tonks' identity, only the order members knew she tripped on it, and it was such a small detail that Snape would haven't of mentioned it to any Death Eater. It was a little thing, but in these dark times, the little characteristics mattered.When Kreacher got the door, Harry was hiding under his cloak on the stairs, while Hermione had used a Disillusionment charm and was hiding at the end of the hallway. Sure enough, Tonks tripped on the umbrella stand and took Remus down with her. When the two of them got up, they could both feel a wand pressing into their necks. Harry was the one to ask the security questions. "Remus, what happened when Snape tried to read the parchment owned by Prongs?" Remus smiled. "When Severus Snape tried to read the Marauder's Map, he was insulted by Moony, Padfoot, Prongs and the traitor Wormtail." The last name was said with such fury, Harry was sure he could almost hear Moony growling from within Remus."Your turn, Nymphadora." Tonks' hair turned from Bubble-gum Pink, to Red. "Don't call me Nymphadora." She shook her head, and once her hair went back to its usual colour, Harry asked her the security question they had chosen for her. "Who is Teddy's godfather?" Tonks smiled, "Harry James Potter." Harry removed his wand from Tonks' neck and took off his cloak. Hermione then removed her wand from Remus' neck and dropped her Disillusionment Charm. Harry then hugged Remus, "Moony, I am so sorry about what I said last time we spoke."

Remus shook his head, "No, I needed to hear it." He took Tonks' hand into his own. "I never should have left her, if our son is indeed a werewolf, then he will need someone who knows just how painful it is by his side, every step of the way. I assure you, Moony will never again abandon his pack." Harry put a hand on Remus' shoulder. "I'm glad to hear it. Come in, Kreacher has dinner ready. We can catch up while we eat and then talk business after." Harry then led the way into the kitchen.After Dinner, they all went and sat down in the 1st floor drawing room. Harry had Kreacher bring them a bottle of Firewhisky that Sirius had been saving for a rainy day, because he knew they'd need it. Remus looked at the bottle and then at Harry. "Let me guess, bad news." Harry sighed, "Terrible News." Hermione then took over and explained what a Horcrux was, Harry poured out the first shots of Firewhisky. When Hermione was done, Remus downed the shot, Tonks followed suit immediately after. "You were right, we did need that. It can't get any worse, can it?" Her joke was met with Harry and Hermione's grim faces. Tonks took a deep breath. "How bad is it?" It was Harry who broke the bad news. "Seven."Remus was starting to look like he did just after a full moon. He poured himself and Tonks another shot. "Seven Horcruxes. I assume this is your mission from Dumbledore, hunting them down." Harry nodded, "Yes, he told me that I couldn't tell anyone except Ron and Hermione. I kind of wish I hadn't told Ron though." Remus rubbed his forehead. "He left, didn't he?" It was more a statement than a question. Hermione nodded. "That isn't even the worst part, we need serious help. We know one of them is at Hogwarts, the Room of Requirement, more specifically the Room of Hidden Things. We believe one is in a heavily guarded vault at Gringotts, belonging to one of his most loyal followers. My guess, Bellatrix. The Lestrange Vault is one of the most secure in Gringotts. It would only make sense."At this point Remus had his head in his hands, and Tonks was leaning back over the couch, staring at the dealing with her eyes closed. Remus looked up, "Anything else." His voice was broken and sounded like he was pleading with them to tell him there was nothing else. The task was as hard enough as it is. It was Harry who replied. "One more thing, the last one is Nagini, it's His snake." Remus had tears running down his face. Tonks leaned forward; she picked up the bottle and took a sip. It was clear that it burned, and that she'd feel it in the morning, but everyone could tell she didn't care about that. None of them could blame her."Any good news." Remus asked hopefully. Harry managed a smile. "Two have been destroyed. We have one in our possession." He then presented the locket. "We also know how to destroy them. The sword of Godric Gryffindor, which is in the headmaster's office at Hogwarts." Hermione said, "We reckon once we have the one of Gringotts, we use Harry's cloak and map, sneak into Hogwarts, grab the Horcrux the Room of Requirement. We then grab the sword and leave, use it to destroy the Horcruxes, say His name. Allow ourselves to be captured. I kill the snake, and Harry can end Him once and for all."

There was a long pause before Tonks spoke, and when she did, she was in full Auror mode. "We will need to include Bill and Fleur in the planning of how we are going to get the Horcrux out of Gringotts. Hogwarts will be dangerous, but we have been in contact with Neville and Dumbledore's Army. They have formed a resistance inside the castle and are based out of Room of Requirement. We will have to be swift, grab the Horcrux from Gringotts, and then immediately move to Hogwarts. We will have a small time window to get inside, grab the Horcrux, defeat the Death Eaters, evacuate the students and secure the castle before He shows up."Hold on, we are not turning Hogwarts into a war zone." Harry said, Remus shook his head. "Harry, once he realises his Horcrux is missing from Gringotts, he will go and check all his hiding places. He will quickly realise that they are all missing and then he will summon his forces and attack the castle. There is no avoiding it, but we can be prepared. We can contact the Order members inside the castle and the DA can be ready to assist in the evacuation. We can give people time to prepare, and they will need it.""Now, I think we should leave. We will come back in a week's time, and bring some people with us, whose help we will need. Very few people will be able to work out the coded message you sent us, and even fewer people know about this place. We will come back around lunchtime." Harry opened his mouth to interrupt, but Remus held up his hand. "I agree that the fewer people who know where you are the better, but we will have to tell some people. We will to certain people and get them to come here a week from now at lunch time. I will come by the night before and give you the short list of who will be coming over." Hermione nodded. "You never can be too careful." Remus smiled, "Exactly, 10 points to Gryffindor.After Harry and Hermione saw them out, they went upstairs to Sirius' room. After they had gotten into bed, Hermione sat up and looked at Harry. "Harry, what if one of the people that come over next week is Ron. I don't think I'm ready to face him just yet, and we both know he had a crush on me. That's not even mentioning how jealous he can get sometimes." Harry sat up and put his arms around her, after a minute he pulled back and looked directly into her eyes. "If he comes, we will deal with it in the same way we do everything else, together." Harry then lay back, and Hermione lay her head on his chest as he wrapped an arm around her pulling her close. I love you Harry Potter." "I love you Hermione Granger." Harry kissed her forehead, and they were soon asleep.

Harry and Hermione spent the next week going over the details of the Horcruxes. They knew the Diadem was at Hogwarts, the Ring and Diary were destroyed, Nagini was with Riddle and they had the locket. That left Hufflepuff's Cup, which they believed to be in Bellatrix's vault at Gringotts. Harry had offered to look into Riddle's mind to confirm their suspension about the Cup's location, but Hermione told him it was too risky, that once the connection was open, it worked both ways. After that, neither of them brought it up again. Remus came over and gave them the list. It was going to be Bill, Fleur, Remus and Tonks who were going to come over and discuss the plan.Once the four had arrived and had answered the security questions, they sat down in the kitchen. Remus sat down next to Harry and Hermione, while Tonks sat opposite him, next to Bill and Fleur. Once again, Harry had Kreacher bring out the bottle of Firewhisky. Harry asked the important question. "Have either of you heard of a Horcrux?" Bill grew pale, as did Fleur. "Harry, please tell me I misheard you." When Harry shook his head, Bill poured Fleur and himself a shot of Firewhisky. "How many did he make, and where are they?"Hermione simply handed them her book of notes and plans. Bill downed another shot. "The Lestrange vault is one of the most heavily secured vault in Gringotts, I don't even have clearance to get down to that level." Harry held up his hand. "Bill, we are not asking you to take us down there, we just need to know the defences." Bill looked at Fleur, who gave his hand a comforting squeeze and nodded. "Okay, let's get to work."Over the next couple weeks, Harry and Hermione found themselves in a new routine. They'd wake up, and after breakfast Bill, Fleur, Remus and Tonks would come over, they'd split off into their two groups. Hermione, Bill and Fleur would stay in the kitchen and work on a way to break into Gringotts, while Harry, Remus and Tonks would go up to the 1st floor drawing room and work out the plan for when they went to Hogwarts.Bill knew about all the defences they'd encounter on the way to the vault, and Fleur knew about the types of defensives placed inside the vault itself. Hermione's logical mindset and knowledge of muggle technology and equipment was helping them out, for example, brooms didn't work, but steam powered grapple guns and muggle climbing equipment did. Tonks' Auror training and experience was proving useful with the planning the evacuation of the students.Remus' knowledge of not just DADA, but the fact that he had become a temporary leader of the Order and knew the capabilities of everyone was helping them plan the defences and where to station each person, based on where they'd be most beneficial. Harry and Hermione would meanwhile be grabbing the Horcrux and sword of Godric Gryffindor and then slip down to the Chamber of Secrets and destroy the Horcruxes, grabbing a couple Basilisk fangs, and filling a couple of reinforced vials with Basilisk venom.

The plan was for Bill to report a potential security breach near the Lestrange vault, which would cause Bellatrix to come and check on the Horcrux disabling any defences inside the vault. Harry would use muggle equipment to climb down with the assistance of Fleur, while Bill would smuggle Hermione into the vault. Once she had the cup, she'd replace it with a replica, and then come out to Harry and they'd hide under the cloak until security left, and then climb out the way Harry came in, up to a level where Bill had security clearance, and then he'd escort them out.The only problem was that they'd have to wait until after the holidays. The bank was closed, and neither customers nor employees would be allowed in during this time. Hermione pointed out that that the Hogwarts Professors could take a couple days of during the holidays. Remus sent an owl to invite Professor McGonagall to come to his place, and then he met her and brought her to Grimmauld Place.Professor McGonagall had been happy to see Harry and Hermione. She was worried that Dumbledore had trusted the fate of Wizarding Britain to three, barely of age, teenagers, rather than the Order of fully trained, highly capable wizards and witches, who each had years of experience in their respective fields. She was more worried that he had place such a heavy burden upon their shoulders, and was happy to help in any way she could.They included her in their plans and she said she'd coordinate with the teachers and agreed to pass along a message to the DA to start preparations for the arrival of 'Phoenix' and 'Raven'. She told them that the seven secret passage ways had all been sealed, and the only way in or out of Hogwarts, where they could remain undetected, was the tunnel running from the Hog's Head to the Room of Requirement.She told them all about the Carrows, and their so called 'teachings'. She was also able to give them the number of Death Eaters, both in and around the castle. She told them how there were a number of giants in the Forbidden Forest, and that the Acromantula Colony had almost doubled in size. She was able to point out some secret passage ways know only to the Headmaster and the Deputy Headmaster, which she had neglected to inform Snape about. They could use the combination of these passages, Harry's Cloak and the Marauder's Map to move around undetected, but first they had to break into Gringotts.It was after that Bill, Fleur, Remus and Tonks would meet them on the Thirteenth of March to go over the two plans one last time. Harry had insisted that that two couples should take a break and enjoy their first holiday as husband and wife, and with Remus and Tonks, it was Teddy's first Christmas. When asked, he stated that he and Hermione would be fine over the holiday, just as long as no one bothered them.Author's Note:I don't actually know if Gringotts shuts over the holidays, but I wanted to catch up with canon, as Harry, Ron and Hermione break into Gringotts on May 1st and the Battle of Hogwarts happens on May 2nd.

Harry was sitting down in the corner of the room, so he wouldn't get in anyone's way, his head in his bloodstained hands as he had a single thought: 'How did it go so wrong'. Everything had been going so smoothly one minute, and the next, everything went off the rails. Hermione had insisted Harry go in everyday for a couple of weeks, memorising multiple escape routes and planting plastic explosives in key positions. Her foresight was the only reason they were still alive. He closed his eyes as he tried to remember what had happened.The day had started off just as planned; Fleur had let Hermione in the side door, reserved for and only known about by employees. Bill smuggled Harry under the invisibility cloak through the main entrance, and instead of going down to the vaults, they went up to the offices, and waited until Bill got the signal from Fleur and went to tell his boss that he received an alert from the wards that an unauthorised person had 'broken' into the vaults. Harry had put the Imperius Curse on the Goblin who sent Bill to investigate, which he contacted the clients of vaults on that level, one of which was the Lestrange Vault.Hermione had just abseiled down the cliff face, as Harry was arriving at the top of the cliff face. She unclipped herself from the rope, which Harry pulled up, before dropping her beaded bag, after placing his cloak inside it. She pulled it out and put in on, once she had it on, she barely had enough time to throw herself against the cave wall as Bellatrix walked past, escorted by a goblin.Hermione placed her hand down on her mouth as hard as she could to stop herself crying out, she had cut her shoulder on the rock and she was now bleeding. The worst part, she didn't have time to dress it, Bellatrix was about to open the vault, and her one window of opportunity was rapidly closing. She used a non-verbal spell to cut her sleeve off a rap the wound the best she could, holding her breath she slowly walked forward.The goblin opened the vault and Hermione had to stop herself from gasping in disbelief, piles of gold and silver covered the floor, leaving very little room to walk around, in the middle of the room was a table filled with ancient artefacts, each with a unique house crest, all of them were likely stolen from fallen enemies. If it weren't for Fleur's word of warning, she'd have most likely picked one up to look at it, but she knew that if she picked up one, it would grow hot and multiply, slowing filling the room with burning hot gold and silver artefacts. She'd be slowly crushed to death, crushed under the weight of the artefacts until someone came to check on the vault.If that happened, she knew the Riddle would know that she'd been there for Hufflepuff's cup, and if he even suspected that Harry and Dumbledore knew about the Horcruxes, he'd remove any still intact and bury them so deep, no one would ever find them, or worse, he'd keep them on him at all times, so no one would stand a chance of destroying them. While Bellatrix was ordering the goblin "Griphook" to identify a sword, Hermione didn't get a good look at it, as Bellatrix was holding it in front of herself, showing it to the Goblin. She had her back to Hermione, who was trying so hard to not be heard or to hit anything, that she didn't notice the step, and she tripped over.She was able to throw her arm up to catch herself, so she didn't make a noise, but she was holding her wand in her right hand, and she didn't want to break it, so she only threw up her left arm, which caused her to bend her wrist in a way, she knew it was broken. She saw her wand roll away from her hand and underneath a table.This she was lying on the floor, without her wand, with a broken hand, a bleeding shoulder blade, in one of the most heavily secure vaults in the bank, just a few feet away from one of the most ruthless and deadly human beings who had ever lived. Forcing herself up, she prayed to every higher power she could think of that Bellatrix hadn't noticed her, looking over it didn't seem like she had.

She'd pulled a knife on Griphook and was threating him. Hermione then limped over to just below the cup, pulled out a wheelless skateboard she had shrunk, she silently unshrunk it, applying the sticking charm to the bottom of her shoes and stepped on it. Once she was on it, she mumbled under her breath the Levitation spell and slowly rose into the air. She carefully pulled out the fake Horcrux she had been able to make from studying sketches of this exact cup, she had found in the notes she'd taken from Dumbledore's office.She swapped them back and put the real inside her bag, before levitating back down, reshrinking the skateboard and limping away back towards the door. She turned back to see Bellatrix picking up the fake Horcrux, before handing it to the Goblin. She asked if it was the real cup, which had once belonged to Hufflepuff herself. Hermione's heart skipped a beat, if Griphook said it was a fake, Bellatrix would turn and walk straight towards her.Even if Hermione could walk without limping, she had nowhere to go and Bellatrix would walk right into her, before ripping of the invisibility cloak and then summoning Voldemort. He'd be able to break the protection spells Hermione had placed on her bag, and he'd discover the Horcrux. Luckily, the Goblin told Bellatrix it was the real cup that had once belonged to the founder of Hogwarts. This allowed Hermione time to move aside, to allow them to walk past her and so she could leave the vault, where she'd wait until they leave and then signal Harry to lower a rope and pull her up, so they could escape and she could receive proper medical care.The Goblin opened the door and Hermione waited for Bellatrix to leave; only she didn't. She was kneeling down examining the floor, or more precisely a couple drops of her blood on the floor from where she had fallen. Bellatrix scraped it off the stone slab with her knife, sounding almost exactly like nails on a chalkboard. She walked up to the Goblin and almost hissed "What is this". Hermione held her breath. She could have made a break for it, only both Bellatrix and the Goblin stood between her and door, and there was no way she'd ever be able to sneak past."It seems to be blood, Madam Lestrange." This only made her angrier, "What is it doing here?" "I have no idea Madam Lestrange, it is bank policy to only enter a vault when with a client and no one has been down here since last time I escorted you down to place the Sword of Godric Gryffindor down here." Hermione watched helplessly as Bellatrix seemed to put two and two together. She turned around and walked back into the vault, Griphook following her, leaving the door wide open.Hermione slipped out of the vault and half ran, half limbed over to the waiting rope. She ripped off the cloak, stuffed inside her bag, placed a Disillusionment Charm on herself and tied her bag to the rope, which Harry pulled up. She saw him untie it from the rope and hand it to Fleur who left with it, to ensure that their mission was a success, no matter what happened to her.Bellatrix came out of the vault carrying the sword of Gryffindor, or what Hermione assumed was a fake, Griphook had lied about the cup, so it was safe to assume that the sword was also a fake, or Harry could simply pull it out of the sorting hat when they retrieved the Diadem from Hogwarts. Either way, Hermione had to figure a way to get out of the bank.Hermione felt her heart if her mouth as Bellatrix walked straight towards her, reaching out with her knife and scraping the cliff wall directly next to her ear, the spot where she had cut herself. Bellatrix stared at her knife for what felt like the longest time, and just as she turned around to walk away, Hermione could no longer hold her breath. Without the cloak covering her, there was nothing between her and Bellatrix. She was as her breath moved a few strands of Bellatrix's hair, she could feel the sweat running down her face, and she could hear heart her heart pounding as Bellatrix turned around, pulled out her wand and said two words that terrified her. "Finite Incantatem." Bellatrix grinned like a deadly predator that had just corned their prey. "Well, well, well, if it isn't Potter's favourite Mudblood. The dark lord shall be pleased."Author's Note:Sorry I have uploaded in a while, I tried to make the story interesting enough to make up for it.I know you hate the cliff hanger, don't worry I do too. I plan to upload the next chapter ASAP, but I haven't started it yet. Please be patient, I will get it done as soon as I possibly can.

Harry stood helpless as he watched press her knife against Hermione's neck and take her wand before leading her towards the cart. Turning to Bill he knew what he had to do. "What is the fastest way back to Diagon Alley?" Bill didn't say a word, he turned around and started running, Harry directly behind him. They managed to get outside just in time to see Bellatrix dragging Hermione by her hair.They were at the back of the small crowd that had formed to watch Hermione get dragged away. Some people were screaming and spitting on Hermione, calling her a "Mudblood", while others, such as Fred and George stood there helpless, as Bellatrix was being escorted by at least 20 Snatchers.Harry stood up on a box so he could have a direct line of sight. He watched as Bellatrix threw Hermione onto the ground. She pulled out her wand and aimed it at Hermione's neck, while holding her hair in her other hand. Harry was shocked, this was a public execution.Harry started to panic, trying to figure out what to do, and then he pulled out the detonator. Pressing it, he waited. He didn't have to wait long, as he could hear the massive blast, even though it was hundreds of miles beneath the surface. Hermione had tried to crawl away and hide inside Fred and George's shop while the Death Eaters were disoriented. Unfortunately, Bellatrix had seen her and was able to grab hold of her again.Bellatrix held up her wand and sent out a long bang, while silenced everyone. The Death Eaters pulled themselves together and once more stood guard. Bellatrix raised her wand, and Harry couldn't help but think of an executioners axe.A loud roar shook the entire alley for the second time. Harry looked up and saw a massive white dragon had burst out of the roof of Gringotts. He recognised it from his studies while preparing for the first task. It was a Ukrainian Ironbelly; they were often used as guards as they were incredibly dangerous. The dragon paused for a moment, taking in the sky, before taking off. It had clearly hadn't flown in a long time, if it had ever flown before. It crashed down onto rooftops, before taking off a second time and took to the sky.It was chaos as everyone ran to get inside the nearest store. He pulled out his wand, ready to cast the first lethal spell he could think of at Bellatrix. She had gone too far this time, she had tortured Neville's parents to the point where they couldn't even recognise their own son, she had killed Sirius and now she had humiliated Hermione, she was holding a knife to her throat, and she had just tried to kill her, twice. She was going to pay; he raised his arm, only for his arm to be grabbed by Bill.Furious Harry went to hit Bill, who caught his other arm, and half carried, half dragged him into a nearby side street so they didn't attract attention. "We can't risk it, not here, you might hit Hermione. I promise we will rescue her, but we need a plan which doesn't involve running in head first into danger. That is the quickest way to getting both Hermione and yourself killed." Harry sighed, tears running down his face and nodded.Bill took him back to Grimmauld Place and told Remus, Tonks and Fleur what had happened. He then left and came back a couple of hours later, and he was surprisingly joined by members of the Gryffindor Quidditch team from Harry's first year. Harry stood up and hugged Angelina and Alicia; he hadn't seen them in ages. Fred and George looked like they hadn't gotten a good night rest in weeks.Angelina was the first to speak. "Harry we are so sorry." "We will get her back, right George?" "Right Fred, but it makes me wonder. Why was she at Gringotts to begin with?" Every turned to look at Harry. "You may want to sit down." 10 minutes later the bottle of Firewhisky was nearly empty as the trio of former chasers and the twins were sitting around the table looking at the locket and cup in disbelief.Angelina broke the silence "I can't believe he'd do something so, so …" "Vile, disgusting" put in Alicia. "Exactly" Angelina replied. Alicia looked like she wanted to be sick, while Fred and George were sitting with their heads in their hands. Harry had enough; they had wasted enough time as it is. "We can deal with this later, we have to rescue Hermione""Well, well, well Fred, it seems like someone has feelings for our resident bookworm." "Indeed it does George." Harry face palmed. "Guys, not the time, but if you must know, Hermione and I are a couple." "Yes I knew it, pay up Freddie." Harry sighed in disbelief "Of course you two were betting on whether or not Hermione and I would get together."Fred shook his head. "No we knew you two would get together, it was a matter of when. We've been managing the Hogwarts betting pools since our third year." "Yeah, he bet that you'd ask her to Hogsmeade during fifth year, Katie bet you'd take her to the Yule Ball, Angelina thought you would ask her to accompany you to Slughorn's Christmas Party, and Alicia thought you'd ask her out during your sixth year.I thought you'd ask her during Christmas this year, you know before all of this happened." George gestured to the cup and locket on the table." Harry threw his hands up in the air, "How many people knew we liked each other, and how many people were in this betting pool of yours?" "Just us and the girls. We placed a couple galleons each, winner gets the lot."

Harry pinched the bridge of his nose. "I have an idea. How about we discuss my love life after saving my girlfriend from Bellatrix Lestrange?" "I agree" said a new voice, everyone turned to see Remus walking in followed by Tonks. She was dressed in her full Auror's uniform; while he was wearing what Harry assumed was his least torn clothing. He then noticed that Alicia and Angelina were all wearing military combat boots, cargo pants, and what he recognised as an under armour long sleeve shirt, from sneaking glances at the whatever movie Dudley was watching, they were dressed all in black, and they had taken their Quidditch leg guards as well as their arm guards which included fingerless gloves and they had spray painted them black. Bill and Fleur came in wearing similar clothes to Fred and George; they wore comfortable, sensible clothes that allowed them plenty of movement. All the girls had tied their hair back, they were all clearly ready for action.They all sat down around the table as Harry turned to Remus, who had been leading the Order on Dumbledore's orders, he was to lead the Order until Harry was ready to take on the mantle. "Where would have Bellatrix taken Hermione?" Remus thought for a moment. "She would have most likely taken her to Malfoy Manor, which like Hogwarts has become a bit of a fortress. It is under all kinds of enchantments, many of which Riddle would have set up himself."Bill cut in and added "A couple of weeks ago, I was sent to summon Lucius Malfoy to Gringotts. I managed to get a look at the type of defensive wards they have set up, if you had a team of experts, it would still take an hour to undo even a couple of defences, which would not only set off an alarm within the manor, but the castor of these defences would be able to tell their defences had fallen. You wouldn't even be able to get inside the front gate before a squad of snatchers would be upon you. You'd have maybe an hour if you're lucky, before Riddle shows up to demand to know why you had tried to get inside. He'd kill you and then he'd simply reapply whatever defences you'd managed to take down. You'd accomplish nothing. I'm sorry Harry, but there is no way inside, not without them escorting you through the front door."Harry simply smirked, Bill had forgotten about something very important, house elves could bypass any wards set up by wizards or witches. "Dobby, Kreacher." The two elves appeared, Dobby wearing his traditional tea cosy, but Kreacher was wearing a black dress shirt, pants, vest and tie. This confused Harry, "Kreacher, what's with the suit?" "Master honoured Kreacher by giving him Master Regulus's locket, so Kreacher wanted to reflect how great his Master is." Harry smiled, "You look great. Listen I need your help, Bellatrix Lestrange has kidnapped Hermione and we need to rescue her. We believe she is being held at Malfoy Manor. Dobby can you go check?" Dobby nodded and disappeared.Kreacher did the same, reappearing with what looked blueprints of the Manor. "Malfoy Manor was built by the Black family. The Malfoy bought it when they moved from France, Black family owns it, and Malfoys meant to have to pay rent." Harry couldn't help but laugh, "Are you telling me I own Malfoy Manor? "Yes Master Harry." Harry smiled, "Thank you Kreacher, that will be all for now." Harry looked over at a laughing Bill. "Care to fill us in?" Bill managed to stop laughing, "If you own Malfoy Manor, then you can put the place on lockdown. No one will be able to get in or out, they be able to move from room to room, or even call for help." "It also means that you walk through any kind of defences they have set up and invite anyone you want inside the wards" Fleur added. "So because I own Malfoy Manor, I can not only walk in the front door, but I can invite anyone I want, trap them in whatever room they are in, we can go in moving from room to room, taking down everyone and rescue Hermione and whoever else they have captured." Bill and Fleur nodded. Dobby returned, "Harry Potter's Granger is at Malfoy Manor. "Okay Dobby, I want you to take us directly out of the ward line." Dobby took hold of everyone and they disappeared with a crack, reappearing at the edge of a forest. Harry turned to his left and saw Malfoy Manor. 'I'm coming Mione" he thought.Author's Note:If you want to see what I based the character outfits on, look up the tactical outfit Emily Blunt wears in the film: Sicario for the chasers. Remus, Tonks, Bill, Fleur, Fred and George are wearing the same clothes as the ones they wore in the movie. Harry and Hermione are wearing the clothes they wore when they were captured and taken to Malfoy Manor.In case anyone is wondering where Katie is, she is at Hogwarts. Malfoy cursed her with the necklace from Borgin and Burkes, which caused her to spend six months in hospital, so she had to repeat her final year, so she is still at Hogwarts.

Placing his wand directly in front of the ward line, but being careful not to place it on the ward line itself he spoke the words Bill told him to say "I Harry James Potter, Head of the Potter and Black Houses hereby claim this property from the Malfoy family, as they carry the mark of the man who murdered both the Head of the Potter family, my father James Potter." He felt the wards changing their allegiance to him, while confirming that Riddle was not notified of the change. He then stepped through the walked through the ward line, right up to the gate and said one word, "Lockdown." Every door and window in Malfoy Manor was slammed shut and then was immediately reinforced by magic, whatever room the people inside the Manor were in, they wouldn't be able to leave. Only Harry would be able to open each door, and only Harry would be able to close them again. He cleared his throat and spoke with a clear voice. "I Harry James Potter, Head of the House of Black grant access to William "Bill" Weasley, Fleur Weasley, Fred and George Weasley, Angelina Johnson, Alicia Spinnet and Hermione Granger." The others then stepped through the wards as Harry walked up to gates, which opened at a single flick of his wand. Once they got to the front door, Bill and Remus took up positions directly behind Harry, Fleur and Tonks took up positions on the left side, while Alicia and Angelina took the right. Fred and George were going to ensure no one could come up from the rear. Opening the door, stunning charms were sent off in every direction, but they hit no one, as there wasn't anyone for it to hit. The entrance hall was completely empty, going from room to room; the entire first floor was empty. "This isn't right, where is everyone?" Harry knew Tonks was right. He wished he had learned Homenum Revelio, the Human-presence-revealing Spell, but he hadn't. Calling Dobby, he learned that Malfoy's had a cellar, so he sent Alicia, Angelina, Fred and George to go rescue them. He slowly moved upstairs with Bill, Fleur, Remus and Tonks. Coming up to Drawing room, Harry placed his ear against the door, he heard people moving around. Nodding to the other, he stepped back using Alohomora on the door, and they rushed in.Spells were flying everywhere, Fleur and Tonks were blocking spell after spell, while Bill and Remus were launching a barrage. Harry was fighting all three Malfoys at once; he ducked a cutting curse from Lucius, sent a Knockback Jinx at Narcissa, knocking her to the floor, before disarming Draco and stunning Lucius. Taking note of his surroundings, he noticed that the others had just finished dealing with the snatchers. "Drop your wands." He looked over and saw Bellatrix holding a knife to Hermione's neck. He dropped his wand, gesturing for the others to do the same. He watched as Draco helped his mother up, before reviving his father."If it isn't the Chosen One." Harry noticed she had turned his wrist, so she was no longer holding the knife on Hermione's neck. He decided to follow Dumbledore's example, keep calm and remain in complete control over the situation. "Hello Bellatrix, how have you been?" She was so shocked that she almost dropped the knife. Hermione raised an eyebrow, silently asking Harry what he was doing. He simply nodded at Draco, who was holding both his and Hermione's wands. They looked eyes and he knew that she had figured out what he was doing. "Draco, good to see you again. I believe the last time I saw you was the Astronomy tower." Draco seemed mad, but that was nothing compared to Bellatrix, she was furious.She gestured at him with the knife at him, but still it didn't leave Hermione's neck. "You were there." Harry smirked, "Yes I was, just like I was at Gringotts, tell me something Bellatrix, do you know what that sword is, that is the Sword of Godric Gryffindor, the very same sword I used to kill Salazar Slytherin's Basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets." Harry could see Bellatrix was fuming with rage; she pointed the knife at him, only to have Hermione grab and twist her arm, punching her in the face so hard, that she was knocked to the ground, clutching her broken nose. She grabbed her wand from Draco, threw Harry his. Harry summoned the wands of his allies and they faced off.

Harry and Hermione were working as one unit; they were facing off against Bellatrix. Harry summoned a chair which exploded as Bellatrix's blasting curse hit it, Hermione transfigured the wooden shards into sewing needles and launched them at Bellatrix who raised her shield, disintegrating them as Harry tried to flank her. Remus and Grayback weren't even using wands, Grayback had instead launched himself at Remus and they were wrestling on the ground a few feet from Fleur and Tonks who were furiously exchanging spells with the Malfoys, as Bill was starting to push Draco into a corner of the room. Grayback threw Remus into the wall and went to attack Bill.Harry dropped to the ground holding his head, Hermione moved to protect him, but even she wasn't able to take on Bellatrix in a one on one fight. Hermione summoned one end of the floorboard underneath Bellatrix's foot, pulling it upwards, which knocked her onto her back. Looking at Harry, who was kneeling beside her, he said two word that terrified her "He's here." Harry could feel Voldemort attacking the wards, his own defences had been turned against him, but he had been the one to set them up, and was slowly working his way through them. They had a couple minutes before he would be able to get inside. They had to leave, now.Harry noticed that Bellatrix getting up directly underneath the chandelier, so he set a cutting curse, causing it to drop down, which forced Bellatrix to dodge out of the way. Taking advantage of the chaos, Harry summoned Dobby and Kreacher, he ordered Dobby to stun the Malfoys, and for Kreacher find Angelina, Alicia and any prisoners and take them to the entrance hall of Grimmauld Place. Dobby was to then grab Remus, Tonks, Bill and Fleur and take them back to Grimmauld Place. Only then would the two elves be allowed to come back and grab Harry and Hermione.Harry looked out the widow while Hermione watched Bellatrix, as she was the Death Eater still conscious. Voldemort had breached the Perimeter and was floating towards the front door. Dobby had just disappeared with Bill and Fleur, while Kreacher had taken Remus and Tonks. Bellatrix was standing up as Harry could sense Voldemort come straight up to the second story; the door was blown off its hinges as Bellatrix threw her knife, her wand having been knocked out of her hand when she was hit with the chandelier. Harry's seeker reflexes allowed him to see time moving slower than normal; Bellatrix's knife was moving towards them, while Voldemort had just seen Harry, he raised his wand, just as Dobby appeared beside Harry.Harry grabbed both Hermione and Dobby's hands, as they disappeared. Reappearing in the kitchen of Grimmauld Place, Harry couldn't help but scream at the sight of a dagger sticking out of Hermione's stomach. Fleur and Tonks were the first to enter the kitchen; Tonks stoped Harry from removing the dagger, and sat him down in the corner, out of the way. Harry being sat there ever since, he couldn't bear to look up from his blood stained hands, which were covered with Hermione's blood. He had no idea how long he'd been sitting there. "This is entirely my fault."Someone suddenly took their hand in his. He looked up to see Hermione standing in front of him. He didn't know what to say, all that came out was "How?" She placed her hand on the side of his face. "You idiot, the knife didn't hit any vital organs, and if you receive proper medical care, you have a high change of surviving, and that's without magic. They simply used the left over Dittany I had in my bag. Harry sighed in relief, "So your fine." Hermione nodded, "I will have a scar, which will never heal." She was nervously rubbing her arm. Harry grabbed it and saw the word 'Mudblood' had been carved into her arm.She pulled her arm away, "I'm proud to be a Mudblood. I will never be ashamed of my parents, and before you ask, I only wiped their memory of me in order to protect them. They'd of never left me behind, and I couldn't leave you. Harry showed her his hand. "I will never lie to you Mione; this scar just shows how strong you are. You don't have to hide your scars from me, I should know." He lifted his hair, so she could see his lightning bolt scar. Hermione smiled and slowed lowered her collar to show him the knife mark on her neck. Harry kissed her forehead, before pulling her into a hug. 'Bellatrix Lestrange, you have signed your death warrant.'

Author's Note:Sorry this isn't a chapter. I have gone back and rewritten Chapter 12 and added a change I hope you find interesting. I plan to go back over my earlier chapter and fix any grammar or spelling errors. I am really sorry for not uploading, but my computer crashed and I lost about three chapters of work, which I am trying to salvage, but school has been my main priority. After my exams are over, I will have lots of free time to finish this story and work on my other stories.I AM NOT ABANDONING MY STORIES, but I just don't have the time to upload or even write. Once again, I am so sorry, but I won't be uploading in a long while.
