Our story begins immediately after where the Deathly Hallows Ended, so the trio just finished talking to Dumbeldore's Portrait in the Headmaster's Office. All characters are JK Rowlings!Harry led the way out of the Headmaster's Office and back down past the collapsed griffin. Ron and Hermione fell into step next to him, hand in hand, and they headed towards their unspoken destination. He barely noticed the debris scattered around the corridors, far too tired to appreciate the gravity of the destruction and only paused to think when they came to a stop before the portrait of the Fat Lady.He glanced at his two friends and said simply, "I don't know the password, but can we go in?" The Fat Lady was in the midst of enjoying a hearty glass of whisky and her speech was slurred when she responded with "Potter! It's s-all yours! It's s-all over..." and the portrait swung open as the Fat Lady gigged widely. Harry led the way through the hole and took in the familiar cozy common room with the fire still blazing in front of the plush red armchairs and sofa like they had never left. He sank into the couch and felt Hermione sit next to him and Ron collapse on the other side of her."I can't believe it's over," Hermione whispered."I can't believe the three of us made it out alive," Ron added with his head resting on top of the couch cushion he was much too tall for. Hermione turned to face Harry, but saw that he had already drifted to sleep against the arm rest, not bothering to move from his seated position. Hermione smiled slightly to herself and turned to show Ron, but he had fallen asleep as easily as Harry, with his mouth wide open and softly snoring. Hermione laid her head against Ron's shoulder and curled her legs onto the couch next to her so that her foot was pressed gently against Harry's leg. Staring at the dancing flames, she focused on the feeling of the two warm bodies and her last thought before closing her own eyes was, we're alive."Ron? Harry? Her-" called Ginny as the portrait opened, but stopped as she saw the trio fast asleep. "Mum, they're in here sleeping." Mrs. Weasley's tear-stained face peered into the room before she clambered through the hole after her daughter and Bill followed."Well, they have been up for more than a day and half," Bill said, staring down at them before walking around his old common room."Yes, they clearly need the rest. I'll just leave them a little note so they know where we are. Ginny, dear," she said after summoning some parchment from a nearby table. "Please ask the Fat Lady not to let anyone in." Mrs. Weasley placed the note on the small wooden table next to Harry and took a shaky breath without moving her gaze away from the trio. Finally, she turned away from them and said, "Come on, let's let them sleep."Harry felt his eyes open slowly and the aches return to his body. His hand gripped his newly mended wand out of habit, but he loosened his hold as he saw Ron and Hermione still asleep peacefully and thought we're still alive. He leaned forward and rubbed his face with his hands before noticing his skin was covered in a gray blend of dirt, dust, and blood. Standing with a groan, he turned towards the staircase and paused to read Mrs. Weasley's note.He picked up the quill she had left on top of the parchment and quickly scrawled "I'm upstairs" before dropping the note into Hermione's lap where she couldn't miss it. He walked towards the back of the common room and felt every bone and muscle scream in protest, but he bit back any sound and painfully climbed the stairs. Pressing against the wooden door on the first landing he came to, he sat on the nearest bed, not caring that this was the first years' dorm."Kreacher!," he called into the empty room. With a small pop, the tiny figure appeared wearing a towel with the Hogwarts logo and the fake locket draped around his neck."Master Potter! I am so glad Master Potter is alive. He gave Kreacher quite the scare when they didn't come back from their adventure all those months ago. But, now Master Potter is here and he defeated-""Hey, Kreacker," he interrupted. "I'm going to take a shower, and while I'm in there can you clean these clothes?" he asked, gesturing to his dirt encrusted clothing."Certainly, Mister Potter. Anything else? Perhaps some food or pumpkin juice?""Yeah, that sounds good. But, bring enough for three, okay? And if you have time, can you clean Ron and Hermione's clothes too once they start showering?""Of course, Mister Potter." He bowed low and with a second pop disappeared. Harry slowly began to peel off his layers and laid them on the bed next to him before stumbling his way into the bathroom's shower where he allowed the warm water to drench him.He tried to focus on the simple task of scraping off all the grime from his hands, neck, and face. But his thoughts betrayed him and strayed to Remus. To Fred. To Tonks. And every time he forcefully stopped his straying mind and focused again on the soap in his hands. Once he was satisfied that he was relatively clean and no more pieces of the castle remained in his hair, he simply stood under the rain of water and hoped that it would wash away the pain.His hopes were in vain, and the aches did not disappear, but if anything, worsened when he looked down. Around his forearm, he saw the two red punctures made by Nagini last Christmas now surrounded by other red marks and bruises. All the cuts didn't to worry him though since he was sure that Madam Pomfrey could heal those in seconds. What she could not fix, was the newest scar covering his chest.Right below the indent from the Horcrux, Harry peered at the still tender scars enveloping his chest. Another strike of lightning marked his skni from the second time the Avada Kedavra curse hit him, but this time it stretched and spread into a bolt of lightning that had fractured. But what it really looked like to Harry as he stared at the tender marks was a shattered piece of glass.He was shattered. He was broken.He had lost too many and he had hurt too much.Finally, he allowed himself to feel the pain that had threatened to envelope him for hours and he slid against the wet shower wall, not bothering to turn off the water. A tear slid slowly down his face and more followed until he let out desperate sobs. He heard movements around the bathroom and above him, but he found that he didn't care much. All he knew was that he didn't want to move. If he moved, he'd feel more pain. If he moved, he'd have to face the Weasleys and the loss of Fred. If he moved, he wouldn't see Remus or Tonks waiting for him. If he moved, he'd have to greet more people celebrating and more people mourning. If he moved, he'd have to be strong again. Because that's what everyone needed. They needed the Boy Who Lived. The Chosen One."Harry? You okay, mate?" Ron called into the bathroom tentatively, after who knows how long. Harry lifted his head from the shower wall and didn't respond. How could he respond? He was not okay, but still he couldn't decide what he was. "Harry?" He reached over and shut off the water and slowly got to his feet."I'm coming out," he said in a hollow voice. He heard the door shut and Harry stepped out of the shower to a pile of clean clothes waiting by the sink as well as a fluffy white towel. He dried himself off and pulled on his clothes, desperately trying not to look at himself in the mirror. He did not want to see the reminder of all that he had lost and all that he had suffered spread across his chest. So, he resolutely turned away from the bathroom and made his way into the dormitory.He was greeted by Hermione and Ron both sitting on a bed, clean from their own evident showers. Hermione had pulled her hair into a messy ponytail and both were eating from a platter of sandwiches that rested between them."Harry! Kreacher brought some up for us," Hermione explained unnecessarily as Ron finished swallowing a large mouthful. Harry nodded, and suddenly felt his hunger eating away at his stomach. He made his way to the other side of the bed and shoved the bread into his mouth before sinking on top of the red blanket."How are you feeling, Harry?" asked Hermione as she wiped her own mouth with the poor first year's blanket."Fine," he lied. Hermione looked at him sternly and before she even had to open her mouth, he added "Okay, okay. Not great. Could be better." She nodded and quietly said "same.""Could be worse, I suppose," Ron mused. Although he did not look too good either. His eyes were red and puffy and he clearly hadn't bothered to wash his hair."I suppose…" Harry managed to agree in between bites. The three drifted off into their own thoughts before they couldn't ignore the loud noises coming from below them any longer."That must be your family, Ron," Hermione answered Harry's unasked question. "I sent them patronus messages saying we were awake." Ron stood quickly and decisively walked out the door and down the stairs towards the rest of his family. Hermione stood too, but didn't move any further and instead looked at Harry who had not moved an inch."Why don't you come down with us, Harry?" she asked kindly."That's okay, you go ahead," he muttered. There was a small pause."It's not your fault, you know," Hermione said barely above a whisper as a tear slid down her cheek. "They won't blame you for Fred. Or for anyone." She sat right next to Harry and wrapped her arms around him, knowing full well that she had just voiced his very fears."Really," she insisted as they pulled apart. "Now, come on so they can tell you themselves since you still don't believe me." She pulled Harry up by the hand and led him to the door.

Hermione walked down the stairs promptly into the Weasley circle. Ron scooted over in his armchair and Hermione squeezed in next to him. Harry followed slowly behind her, trying not to show the pain each step took. Mrs. Weasley stood quickly when she saw Harry at the foot of the stairs and strode towards him."Oh Harry," she cried, in between heaving breaths. "You're alive! I thought- I thought you had died!" Harry hugged her back tightly, ignoring the pain erupting in his chest at the added pressure."I'm alive," he confirmed softly into her hair. Mrs. Weasley managed a small chuckle and looked at him to confirm the fact before patting his cheek and returning to the sofa. Before he had a moment to breath, a flying mass of long red hair came at him and Ginny hugged him tightly. Harry gave a small moan of pain, but breathed deep and noticed the absence of her rose perfume. She pulled away abruptly and slapped him in the arm. Hard."Ginny!" her parents reprimanded, but she ignored them."I thought you were dead," she accused."I-I know," he said, truly understanding the pain of loss that he had caused them and ignoring the sting by his shoulder. "And I'm sorry. But, I… I had to." She looked taken aback at this statement, but grabbed his hand and pulled him to the empty seat waiting for him in the circle while she sat next to her mom on the sofa."Well? Are you going to explain why you had to fake your own death and how it's even possible to do that to you-know-who of all people?" she asked, with her usual fire burning behind her eyes."And what were you three doing for the past year?" added Bill, which earned him a slap in the arm from Fleur. He shrugged an apology for his tactlessness, but faced the trio expectantly nonetheless. Harry turned to Ron and Hermione in the chair next to him."Well we can tell them now, yeah? I mean it is all over," Ron said. Hermione shot him a look before adding compassionately, "Only if you're up for it, Harry." Ron nodded his agreement instantly. Harry hesitated, having no wish to relive the past year, let alone the past few years that he would have to share in order for them to truly grasp what had happened. But, at the same time, the Weasleys deserved to know the truth after all that they had been through. Genuinely unsure of what to do, he looked at his scuffed shoes and remembered what Dumbeldore had told him after the Triwizard Tournament. 'Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it.'"Fine… yeah, okay," Harry said with a deep breath. He saw looks of curiosity spread across the group, except for George who sat at the edge of the sofa next to Charlie, looking like he could barely sit up. His eyes were puffy but glazed over and he stared off into the distance. Charlie had his arm around him and was crying quietly, but he knew that any consolations would be useless, and the brothers sat silently."But I only want to say all of this once, so can we get Professor McGonagall here, too?""Oh! And Kingsley- well he is the prime minister now," Hermione defended herself to Harry's questioning gaze. He nodded his agreement."Allow me," said Mr. Weasley and he muttered the incantation to send two separate silver weasels out of the common room to deliver their messages. The group sat in silence, with only the crackling of the fire and soft sniffling making their way into the room. Harry looked at each of the surrounding group and saw that while some had showered, none had recovered. Each was solemn and constantly on the verge of tears escaping, even though there were not enough tears in the world to relieve anyone's pain."How long were we asleep?" Ron asked the somber group."About twenty hours I'd say," answered Bill from across the circle. Ron whistled slightly as his new sleeping record, but Harry was too focused on how he was going to tell them all what had happened to really care."Did you already have something to eat? You must be starved!" Mrs. Weasley asked with a sniffle."Yes, we did. Kreacher brought us some sandwiches earlier," Hermione responded politely. Mrs. Weasley nodded her head, satisfied and the group returned to their silence. The portrait hole swung open loudly and Professor McGonagall burst into the room. Her hair was pulled back into her signature bun at the base of her neck and she wore spotless emerald green robes."Professor!" Harry greeted, with a genuine smile."Harry! I hear you're finally going to tell us what happened," she said without commenting on the switch to his first name."Yeah, we're just waiting for Kingsley now." McGonagall waved her wand and two wooden chairs appeared to fill the circle. The portrait hole opened once more and the towering figure stepped through peacefully and shut it behind him with a small snap. He waved at the group and filled the final seat. All eyes were staring at Harry, and he looked to Ron and Hermione for confirmation and courage. Ron gave him a small nod and Harry leaned back into his chair and began."Okay, well, you all know what happened in my fourth year at the graveyard. So I think I'll have to start in Dumbeldore's office after the Ministry of Magic at the end of my fifth year…" he told the group about the full prophecy and everything else he and Dumbeldore had discussed that day. He moved on to his sixth year and recalled each of their private lessons. He explained what a horcrux was and revealed that Voldemort had made seven when a few of the listeners let out small gasps. Once he had begun to explain, the memories flooded out of him and he could not stop it. The weight began to lift from his chest as secret after secret was finally revealed. He didn't pause after reliving Dumbeldore's death, still unsure of how he felt about his old mentor. He barrelled into discovering the locket was a fake and then the planning for the past year and the reading of Dumbeldore's will.He explained how they broke into the ministry, saw Mr. Weasley, and led a group of muggle-borns to safety. How they had to leave Grimmauld Place and then travelled all over the country. He haltered only when Ron had abandoned them in his moment of weakness, and he wasn't sure how to continue the story."And then I left," Ron said bluntly. He explained his short time at Shell Cottage before using the Deluminator to find them again. Hermione interrupted to fill in the gaps at the beginning of Godric's Hollow. When she mentioned visiting Harry's parents' graves, he willed himself not to cry and took over the monologue again once they went to what they thought was Bathilda Bagshot's home. The explanation continued to flow out of him like a river when its dam just broke and he only paused again when they arrived at Malfoy Manor. He turned to Hermione and saw her face grow pale and saw Ron wrap his arm around her before he continued to explain. The group surrounding the three grew pale too and Ginny's gaze strayed to Hermione, but no one interrupted, which Harry was grateful for. Now that he had started, he just wanted to get everything out.He told them about their break into Gringotts. And meeting Aberforth. Returning to the Chamber of Secrets for fangs and finding the diadem. Finally, he reached delving into Snape's memories in the pensieve. His voice grew quiet as he revealed Dumbeldore's plan all along and his betrayal of Harry's trust. Slowly and uncertainly, Harry revealed that he was the seventh Horcrux, that he had to die. Ginny, Mrs. Weasley, Mr. Weasley all had tears streaming down their faces while the rest of the Weasleys were stunned into silence."What!?" McGonagall screamed and she shot up from her chair. Everyone turned to look at her and her figure shaking in rage. "The whole time! The WHOLE time he was just planning to let you DIE! I TOLD him not to leave you with awful Durselsy! I TOLD him not to let you participate in that stupid tournament! I TOLD him to teach you Occlumency himself! But every time- every bloody time- he told me he had a plan and I just assumed it was a plan to protect you! To keep you safe and he… he…" Harry shot up from his chair and crossed the distance between them in a few quick strides before hugging her like he had Mrs. Weasley. Her speech was cut short as she froze in place, with her arms still outstretched and her mouth still pressed into her characteristic thin line.She wrapped her arms around the boy, who was after all, just a boy, and muttered "I'm so sorry, Harry. I should have fought him harder. I should have-""Thank you," he cut her off, not letting go of the stern figure."Harry? Why… Why are you thanking me? I should have stopped him, and all of your suffering, but I did nothing. I did nothing." She shook her head and held Harry at arm's length, searching his face for answers."You cared," he said simply. "You cared about me with no strings attached." He took a deep and shaky breath. "Thank you." Professor McGonagall studied his face with a look of deepened remorse and pity before pulling him into a hug again. When they pulled away again, McGonagall wiped her eyes with her sleeve and hastily sat back into her chair. Harry quickly wiped his own face, turned to walk back to his own seat, and passed Hermione who now had tears streaming down her own red cheeks."So- so I left the office and found Neville," Harry continued his story, studying his clasped hands. "I told him that the snake had to die and I assured him that I wasn't going to turn myself in. And I saw Ginny, helping a younger girl, and I wanted to say something. I really wanted to, Ginny," he pleaded with her and looked her directly in her eyes, brimmed with tears. "But, I couldn't because I knew that if I did, I wouldn't leave. I wouldn't have been able to… to go to the forest. I knew it would be easier without goodbyes.""I made it to the edge of the forest, and I used the Resurrection Stone and- and…" he couldn't do it. He broke into tears and dropped his head into his hands at the scene playing out in his head. Ron untangled himself from Hermione and sat on the armrest of Harry's chair. He leaned over and hugged him as he began to cry too. After a considerable amount of time, Harry calmed himself enough to be able to speak and after a few calming breaths, he continued as if he had never stopped. He skipped the part about seeing his parents, Sirius, and Remus because he knew that if he reflected on their conversation, he would start crying and most likely never stop again."I followed these two Death Eaters deep into the forest and saw that they were using Aragog's old layer as a base. I shoved my wand into my pocket so that I wouldn't be tempted to fight back, shoved my cloak away with it, and went into the clearing. That's when Voldemort, he used Avada Kedavra and hit me, and I fell onto the floor, but-""He killed you!?" Charlie interrupted incredulously."Yes, but I woke up in a weird version of King's Cross…" he continued to describe his conversation with Dumbeldore and how he returned to consciousness in the forest. How Voldemort was knocked backwards too and how Narcissa lied for him. He paused again, before telling the stunned group about being Crucioed, but feeling no pain. After finally describing Hagrid picking him up, he finished with "And, you know the rest." He heaved a sigh of relief at the years of secrets being lifted off of him and he didn't bother to wipe away the warm tears steadily making their way down his cheeks. Hours had passed and he finally looked around at the assembled group and saw tears matching his own in each face that stared back at him.No one knew what to say."Thank you, Harry," Kingsley said at last, his voice softer than his usual booming tones. "Thank you for telling us and risking your life so many times. You as well, Ron and Hermione." Harry nodded graciously, but still uncomfortable with the praise. Ginny looked like she was about to throw up and Mrs. Weasley next to her kept muttering something under her breath. They sat in silence for another few minutes before a pale figure at the far end of the couch leaned forward."Harry?" George asked quietly. George silently prayed to himself that he would understand. Harry, of all people, can understand what he's going through after losing so many. "You… You've died, right?" Harry nodded, already guessing at where he was going. George looked him straight in the eye and asked in a whisper, "Does it hurt?"He smiled slightly, shook his head, and copied what Sirius had told him the previous day, "It's quicker and easier than falling asleep." Mrs. Weasley burst into tears, but Harry did not break eye contact. George nodded simply."How do you… keep going?" George asked in a whisper, still inwardly praying that Harry knew what he was talking about, which he did."You just do," Harry responded with a shrug. "You just wake up the next day and hope it hurts a little less. Eventually the pain will fade, until something reminds you of them, and then it hits you over the head again. But, you just keep living." Harry knew his brutal honesty may seem harsh, but he also knew that it was better than lying.George began to lean back into the couch, but Harry spoke again, pulling him forward. "Just know that, that it's okay to live a good life still. Once you're ready, it's okay to be happy without them." George nodded and fell back into the couch with his hands covering his face as Bill and Charlie both held his shoulder.

"What comes next?" Hermione asked Professor McGonagall. Harry hid his confusion from the rest of the group. He had simply never thought about what comes next. His future always stopped at Voldemort. His life had always revolved around Tom Riddle. What did come next? "Well, many of the survivors have headed home, but some have decided to stay to help with the repairs of the castle," she replied. "Kingsley and I are also planning on having a memorial service for everyone who died, hopefully sometime next week."Kingsley stood to tower over the group, and said, "Sorry to leave you all, but I have to return to the Ministry. I'm planning on coming back for dinner tonight though." He turned to Ron and Hermione and shook both of their hands and muttered something to them that caused the pair to blush profusely. He then strode to Harry and shook his hand."Harry, a pleasure, as always." he mumbled diplomatically, before adding, "it's been an honor to hear your story, and thank you for everything. The world can never repay you." Before Harry had time to defend himself from the gratitude, Kingsley had waved the rest of his goodbyes and exited the common room."Hermione and I are going to take a walk," Ron announced in Kingsley's wake. "We'll catch up with you later." The pair left hand in hand out of the portrait hole, followed by McGonagall who left for the Headmaster's office. Mrs. Weasley stood shakily and went to Mr. Weasley who quickly embraced her and the two talked quietly as the fire roared on behind them. Harry met Ginny's still wet eyes and stood, intending to talk to her even though he had no idea of what to say when Bill appeared in his path with his hands hiding in his jean pockets."So, you broke into Gringotts, made a deal with a goblin that involved a goblin-made object, and you planned on reneging on your promise," he teased. "You didn't really take my warnings seriously, huh?""Well by the time you warned me, we were already well into the planning stages, which then, of course then flew out the window the second we got to Gringotts," Harry answered with a faint trace of a smile. "And we needed to break in," he added with a shrug. Bill chuckled and planted himself next to Harry and returned to silence."I think I'm going to go for a walk too," Harry said to no one in particular, desperately wanting some time to himself. He turned and marched out into the corridor that still remained relatively intact given it's position in the castle. He passed portraits that whispered as he passed, but thankfully met no one else on his aimless walk. Once voices began to grow louder, Harry pulled open a random door and shut it closed behind him to find himself in an unknown classroom.There was a large hole in the far corner of the floor and desks were blown to the sides of the room. Gravel littered the floor and the few unmoved desks were covered in a thick layer of dust. The first home he remembered was suddenly unrecognizable. The building was in rambles, the classes had taught nothing useful this past year, and the place itself had lost its contagious energy that he remembered so fondly. Decisively, Harry turned on his heel and marched his way to the griffin laying feebly on its side at the foot of the circular staircase. He stepped over the sculpture and climbed up the stairs to the large imposing wooden door waiting for him, as it always did.Noises were emanating from the door, but the distinct reprimands of McGonagall broke through the barrier. When the voices quieted after a moment, Harry hesitantly knocked. After a few moments of quiet shuffling, McGonagall called "Come in," and Harry pushed into the familiar circular room."Harry," she said, evidently shocked by his arrival. "How long were you outside?""Not long," he answered quickly. "I just wanted a quick word.""Of course," she turned and sat in the chair rimmed with gold and Harry followed suit. As he approached her, he saw her face was flushed and her mouth was pressed into such a thin line that it seemed barely visible."Professor, is everything all right? I heard some yelling before I knocked…" Harry asked tentatively before trailing off."Oh yes, everything will be fine. Quite fine," she responded with a smile. She slid her chair towards the table and, Harry noticed, slightly to the side to cover his view of Dumbeldore's portrait, who held his usually calm face in his hands. "What did you need?""What? Oh, yeah, erm," he answered, trying not to show his distraction at connecting Dumbeldore's odd behavior to McGonagall's anger. "Would it be okay if I stayed at Hogwarts for a while? I'd like to help clean up and figure out what I'm going to do.""Of course, Harry! You don't even need to ask. Hogwarts will always be open to you," she said with a genuine warmth in her voice. "Do you have any thoughts on what your future holds?""Not really. To be honest, I never thought about anything after Voldemort.""Understandable," she said with a gentle nod."Do you plan on coming back to Hogwarts next year to finish your schooling?""No, I don't think so. Although I'm sure that I'll hear an earful about that from Mrs. Weasley. And probably Hermione, too.""Well, as always we are in need of a Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. And I'm sure the students would love to hear a few guest lectures from you, if you'd like.""Maybe… that does sound quite fun actually.""Well no need to make any decisions now, just let me know.""Do you have any ideas of who will be the next Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor?""Well, I would think that an auror would be a good option, but Kingsley has told me that he needs all the remaining aurors at the moment to catch the escaped Death Eaters." Harry nodded as she paused while debating whether or not to add to her statement. "I was thinking about offering the job to Bill Weasley. I know he has experience as a curse breaker and a as a member of the Order, he could be quite good. What do you think?""That would be brilliant!" She smiled as his green eyes shone through his glasses."Would you like some tea, Harry? I was just about to make a pot.""Oh, er, sure," he responded in pleasant surprise."Here, have a biscuit while I go get the kettle." She pushed the familiar tin towards him as she stood, and with a smile, he took two. She returned carrying two cups of comforting warmth, and they talked until the biscuit tin was empty. Harry felt his heart lighten as McGonagall collapsed her stern walls and smiled more than she had in the past year. Even when their mindless chatter reached the topic of his parents, Harry's rediscovered light did not diminish."You know, everyone says you look just like James, which you do, don't get me wrong," she said defensively with a light chuckle. "But I always thought you acted more like Lily, at least when I saw you in class. Your endless detentions were definitely thanks to James, though.""It's a talent," he responded with a laugh. "How do I act like my mum though?""Well you're both fiercely loyal to your friends of course, but it's the smaller things too, I think. I always noticed that when you concentrate on something, your nose kind of scrunches up just like hers did. And when you laugh, your eyes squint in just the same way as hers. And Mrs. Weasley told me that treacle tart is your favorite, just like Lily's." Harry smiled at the small new connections he had to his mother. As they continued to talk, the sun began to set and cast the office in an orange glow."Well, whatever you end up doing, I hope you take a well deserved break first, Harry.""I'll try, Professor," he said, still used to the habit of following her every word."You know, your father and his friends always called me Minnie. Never during class, of course, but whenever I was watching their detentions. They always made me laugh, those boys," she paused, lost in her own nostalgia. "Anyways, I will see you at dinner soon." She smiled kindly at Harry as he stood, his hair rumpled in traditional Potter fashion."Yeah, see you… Minnie," he said with the same smirk as his father and he turned to leave, missing the bittersweet tear that escaped the new Headmaster's eye.

Thank you everyone for reading! Please leave comments, reviews, or suggestions!With a light bounce to his step, and the aching in his chest and body slightly lessened, Harry braved the lower floors of the castle. McGonagall had told him that repairs would begin tomorrow, but witches and wizards still strode throughout the broken halls and shattered corridors with a distinct purpose around them. Per usual, people stared and pointed as he passed, a few shouting their gratitude or celebrations at him. Harry was confident that he had shaken every hand in Hogwarts the day before, yet some still approached him, eager to greet him again. As kindly as he could, he attempted to hurry the pleasantries along among strangers, all the while keeping his eyes peeled for Ron and Hermione. He had cruised through their common hallways with no sighting of them, and turned back to Gryffindor Tower to use the Marauder's Map to his advantage."Mr. Potter!" A stern voice broke through the din of chattering voices. "You have yet to come and see me!" He turned back around and saw Madam Pomfery striding towards him. He smiled sheepishly and was instantly transported to memories of basically every year prior when he was constantly being reprimanded to stay in his hospital bed. She reached where he stood and continued to scold him shamelessly."Honestly! It's been almost two days since the battle and you, of all people, haven't thought to see a healer." She grabbed his wrist and marched him towards the hospital wing. Harry decided it was probably best not to argue with her and walked along behind her, smiling to himself as people gaped at the tall witch dragging the Boy Who Lived.The hospital wing was still full to capacity with the injured filling every bed. Although, most of the patients were happily chatting to visitors or catching up with old friends. Madame Pomfrey led Harry to the back corner where three wooden chairs sat, pressed away from the other patients. In two of them sat Ron and Hermione, now gash and scratch free. They began to greet him, but Madam Pomfrey cut them off almost instantaneously."Take off your jacket," she demanded. He complied and shrugged it off his shoulders and threw it onto the empty chair. She traced the gashes lining his arms with her wand while muttering incantations to herself. The bright red faded into a pale pink color before fading entirely. He dropped his arms when she came to a stop and made the mistake of thinking that they were done."Take off your shirt," she demanded again."What?" he asked, taking a hesitant step back."There's a cut on your back that I need to heal, so take off your shirt, Potter." Harry turned to Ron and Hermione, hoping someone would save him from the immodesty, but also from revealing his newest scar covering his chest."Just give in, mate," Ron advised with his own sheepish smile. Hermione nodded alongside him and added "It's okay, you don't have to be embarrassed- ""No! No, it's not that!" he interrupted. "It's just… well, here…" He knew that once he removed his shirt, their questions on why he was so hesitant would be answered. He pulled the shirt over his head, still facing his two friends, as Madam Pomfrey tutted impatiently behind him. Still holding his shirt in a ball, he gazed down at the locket shaped mark and the lightning strike that engulfed his skin. Madam Pomfrey was already healing the tear in his back when Hermione gasped and her hand flew to cover her mouth. Ron's eyes grew wide."Oh, Harry! Is that from where…?" Hermione asked. Her confidence waned and she let her question hang in the air between them."Yeah," he nodded. His two friends looked at him in pity and Madam Pomfrey interrupted their exchange with no notice."All right, Potter. Let's just make sure everything else is in order," and without warning, she grabbed his shoulder and spun him around to face her. For the first time since the war had begun, she froze in shock, utterly unsure of what to do."Mr. Potter, what happened here?" she asked, staring at his chest unabashedly and Harry grew red at her nonmoving eyes."I doubt there's anything you can do," he answered, attempting to avoid her question."What happened, Potter?" she asked firmly."This one," he said pointing at the rectangle below his neck, "is from a horcrux that tried to choke me. And this," he motioned to the rest of his chest, "is from the killing curse Voldemort hit me with." Madame Pomfrey didn't move, and much to Harry's displeasure, he saw a small group of students walking by them gape at his scar and his explanation. When they saw Harry watching them, they dropped their gazes and scurried off, most likely to tell their friends what they had seen and heard. He sighed and ran a hand through his untamed hair and turned his attention back to the healer in front of him."Well," she said, her brisk demeanor returning after the initial shock. Although, her strict tone softened considerably. "I won't be able to remove the scars, that's for sure. Not for that kind of dark magic. But, I'm assuming the… erm… larger mark is new, yes?" Harry was quite thrown off by Madam Pomfrey's unusual uncomfort, and nodded his head."And… I'm assuming it still hurts?" Again, he nodded. "Can you… erm… describe the pain for me? I've never had a patient that's... been through this.""Well, it kind of… aches?" he explained, hoping it was enough, but already knowing it was not. "It feels like a giant bruise, I suppose. Or like I was punched in the chest a bunch of times in a row, and the achy feeling is kind of… everywhere?" Madame Pomfrey nodded slowly, deep in thought."And the marks on your arm? Those look like a snake bite to me.""Yeah, they're from around Christmas.""Well, those healed quite nicely, so whoever healed them for you did a good job," Harry who still faced the healer didn't see Hermione blush under the unexpected praise. "Have a seat, I'll be back with a potion for you." He dropped into the seat next to Hermione and quickly pulled his shirt back over his head. Hermione was looking at him with pity still etched across her face, and Ron's head was poking out from the side of her bushy ponytail, matching her expression."It's not that bad," Harry said before they could comment."You just said it felt like you got beat up," Ron accused."Well yeah, but… that's to be expected, isn't it? Given… well, given everything," he posed his question to Hermione."Who knows! Harry, you do realize that you're the only one who has ever survived the killing curse, and now you've done it twice, right? I'm not surprised that it hurts, though," she finished with a kind hand on his arm."Could be worse, huh Ron?" Harry asked Ron the same question from earlier that day. Ron looked at his best friend, and slowly broke into a grin before laughter erupted from the pair. They laughed at nothing in particular except their own survival. Their baffling joy eventually spread to Hermione's concerned face and she joined in on their raucous laughter that echoed across the large hall.Madam Pmofrey returned to the trio doubled over in unexplainable laughter and stopped before Harry with a bottle held in front of her."Take this," she said, interrupting them. "Take three swallows with breakfast and dinner for five days straight. It will help with the pain." Harry nodded, swallowing his giggles, and took the bottle from her hand. "Take three swallows now so it can start working, then you three may leave." She turned on her heel and walked to another patient in need of her expertise.He uncorked the bottle containing a deep purple liquid and took a tentative swallow. He coughed loudly as the potion burned his throat before a warmth spread across his body. With a deep breath, he tilted his head back and swallowed twice more, forcing the burning potion down before reaping the benefits of the aches beginning to fade slightly. His face turned a bright red as another coughing fit engulfed him. Hermione conjured a glass, filled it with water, and shoved it into his hand which he drank thankfully in one large gulp."The Boy Who Lived, everybody," Ron said smirking at the scrawny teenager who had water dripping down his chin and the whole hall staring at him."The Boy Who Lived Twice, you mean," Hermione corrected ruefully."Oh, shut it," Harry said grinning."Let's head to the Great Hall. Everyone's probably waiting for the Boy Who Literally Died," Ron stood and the other two followed. They walked past people who attempted to hide their stares and towards the Great Hall, all the while coming up with new nicknames and seeing which made Harry the most mortified."The Boy Who Died!""The Chosen One!""The Savior of the Wizarding World!""The Boy We Can't Seem to Get Rid of!" Ron cheered in an echoing corridor."Thanks, Ron," Harry laughed as the two swung their arms around each other and passed through the large doors into the Great Hall.The familiar floating candles lit the massive room and the ceiling showed a clear and cloudless night sky. The trio walked towards the mass of red hair sitting near the Staff Table at what was usually the Ravenclaw Table, although no one was sitting according to their Houses. Witches, wizards, students, and staff all mixed together, scattered along the Hall, enjoying the House Elves' delicious cooking."What took you three so long? Dinner already started!" Mrs. Weasley chastised."Madam Pomfry got a hold of us," Hermione explained as she sat next to Ginny, with Ron and Harry sitting across from her."Yeah and some tiny students told the whole Hospital Wing about Harry's newest scar and I swear, they were all about to start begging for autographs," Ron said, rolling his eyes and laughing when Harry smacked his arm, but he knew the damage was done."Your new scar? Oh... from the killing curse? I don't see anything new," Mrs. Weasley peered anxiously at his forehead."Well you-know-who didn't hit him in the head, did he? Now he's got a giant scar covering his tattoo of a Hungarian horntail," Ron teased causing Harry, Hermione, and Ginny to laugh uproariously, and Harry's face to turn a bright red. For the rest of the meal, they ignored the pain resting inside each of them. They ignored their losses and they ignored their aching hearts.Harry piled his plate with delicious food and went for seconds while Ron managed thirds. When most had stopped eating, the tables were wiped clean before being refilled with desserts."I've missed this table," Ron commented longingly before grabbing a slice of cake from in front of him."Agreed," said Harry with a grin. "And pass the treacle tart." Ron raised an eyebrow at his demand and plate thrust towards him."Don't you mean pass the treacle tart please?" He drew out the last word with a smirk and reached for the tart further down the table."I already died for you, mate. Isn't that enough?" He said over the chatter so that Ron could hear him, but the rest of the group had just so happened to stop talking at the same time and everyone heard his comment."You git! You have a life long excuse to use now, don't you?" Ron said before breaking into laughter. Harry grinned and followed suit as did the rest of the group. Mrs. Weasley seemed unsure about this new form of humor, but joined in the laughter when even George let a small smile slip at the far end of the table.

**The italicized section is taken from Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire** Also, this chapter is a bit longer. Do you like longer chapters or slightly shorter ones?Harry awoke with a start in a comfortable four poster bed in what would have been his seventh year dorms. Faces swum in and out of focus; Fred, Remus, Tonks, Colin, and Sirius all hovered at the forefront of his thoughts. He shoved his glasses on and peered to his right to see Hermione and Ron sound asleep in separate beds and Neville snoring quietly on his left. His chest continued to throb painfully, but he swung his legs over the bed nonetheless and made his way as silently as he could to the door. He walked down the winding stairs, headed for the common room, knowing that he would not be able to fall back asleep.The common room was ablaze with light as the sun had just begun to peek its head from behind the mountains. Sitting in a seat by the window was George, mesmerized by the light that shone against his tear stained face. Harry didn't want to seem like he was intruding, so he decided to announce his presence."Couldn't sleep either?" George's head spun around and relaxed at the sight of Harry at the foot of the stairs. He shook his head and turned back to the window."Mind if I join you?" he asked with a tentative step forward."Sure," he said in a hollow voice. Harry made his way to the window and sat opposite him across the small circular table. He knew that no words could console the loss that George was feeling right now, just like nothing could ease the pain he felt himself, so he sat silently and gazed at the light too."So we just keep living, huh?" George asked, not turning away from the sky. He wasn't crying any more; he seemed out of tears to cry. Instead, a vacant expression had replaced his usual contagious grin and the mischievous light that usually danced behind his eyes had died."Afraid so," Harry replied, allowing himself to picture all those he had lost."Does it ever get easier?""Eventually, yeah. It just takes some time." George nodded slowly, lost in his own memories to relive. Harry leaned forward and rested his arms on the table, his head in his hand, and saw scenes flash before his eyes. Remus teaching him how to do the patronus charm, Tonks helping him pack before his fifth year, Fred flying the Ford Angelina to save him when he was only twelve, Remus' pride in the little baby picture he showed off, with Teddy waving his fists at the camera. Teddy, who would never meet his parents. But, at least he would grow up surrounded by love. Harry would make sure of that."You know," Harry said quietly. "I never got to thank Fred, or you for that matter." George turned away from the window in confusion and stared at the mess of black hair until Harry turned to face him too. "Thank you for saving me in the flying car before second year and just… always making me feel welcome and- and at home."" 'Course, Harry," George muttered. The two returned to their earlier positions and continued to silently mourn the dead together until the sky turned a pale blue. At some point in the morning, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Percy, and Neville made their way down the staircase and joined them in silent contemplation after a few greetings.At precisely eight o'clock, the Gryffindor fireplace turned a bright green and Mr. Weasley stepped out of the swirling flames followed by his wife, who had wanted to sleep in their own bed rather than beds made for teens. All of the fireplaces were connected to the floo system and the passwords for the dormitory were removed for the summer, yet none of the Gryffindors could picture themselves sleeping anywhere else. Charlie stepped out next, then Bill and Fleur from Shell Cottage before they all headed down for breakfast. Nevile accompanied them since he had refused to leave Hogwarts which his grandmother surprisingly didn't protest, but accepted his decision with pride.McGonagall awaited the remaining witches and wizards at the front of the Great Hall. As the final stragglers began to eat, she began her quick speech."Thank you all for staying and helping us rebuild. We are determined to open Hogwarts again next year and with your help, that wish can become a reality. Once you are done with your breakfast, please go to the doors of Hogwarts where a staff member will tell you which area to report to. Please do not fix any magical object. We only want to fix the walls, ceilings, floors, pillars, or other structural elements, not the pictures or gargoyles or anything that moves. Those will be trickier to fix, and we will work on them later. Please enjoy your breakfast."Instead of turning to sit at the Staff Table, she stepped down from the raised platform and sat next to Hermione who immediately stiffened in her seat from the close contact with authority."Hermione, dear, would you pass the jam?" she asked kindly."Sure," she hurried to grab the jar in front of her."And will you be returning to Hogwarts?""Yes, I think so.""Good, good. And how about you Ginny and Ron?" Both jumped at being addressed so informally by the usually strict professor, and Ginny answered first so that Ron could swallow his food properly."Probably. Mum would kill me if I don't and I definitely didn't learn that much last year." McGonagall nodded thoughtfully and turned to Ron."I don't think so. I'm not sure what I want to do, but I'll figure it out," he said quietly so that Mrs. Weasley wouldn't hear him."Well, maybe without you and Harry, this school will finally have some peace," she responded with a chuckle."To be fair, most of all that was not our fault," Ron protested."Yeah, only half was our fault!" Harry added."Oh please, you two decided to drive a flying car to school when you were twelve!""And that would fall into the half that is definitely our fault," Harry conceded."You know, I stand by that decision. It got me a wand that actually works," Ron said.McGonagall eventually left for her office while the rest of the group followed the small crowd to the Entrance Hall where Flitwick waited to divvy up sections of the castle. Harry got in the queue and slowly approached the charms professor."Hello Weasleys!" He said to the group. "Oh! Mr. Potter and Mr. Longbottom, I didn't see you there!" The two black haired teens walked to the side to better see the professor and looked over his shoulder to the map where he wrote their names down on a corner of the first floor. Flitwick separated the large group into two and pointed out their newly assigned sections. They moved out of the way from the remaining line of helpers and began to walk away."Harry! My boy! Good to see you!" Professor Slughoorn boomed, ignoring the others and stepping directly in Harry's path. "You know, I'd love to introduce you to some people, sometime. Perhaps you could come by and have some tea? There's a publisher who would love to write a book about you and I'm sure the public would buy it in an instant. And another who could really-""Excuse me, Professor. I'm supposed to be helping fix-""Oh, of course! Of course! Silly me. Well let us walk together and I can tell you all about an old friend of mine you can-""That's all right, Professor, but thank you. I really must be going." Harry hurried to Ron and Hermione who were waiting for him a little bit away before Slughorn could utter another word."Still recruiting for the Slug Club, I take it?" Hermione asked with a scowl."Apparently," answered Harry. They walked together through the halls that were slowly being rebuilt. They had been assigned Firenze's Divination classroom and the accompanying hallway which was barely recognizable under the damage. Bill and Fleur were already regrowing a large tree in the corner of the room that had been blown into so many pieces that it was faster to just regrow it. Meanwhile, Percy was collecting the charred bits of bark into a bin that was much too small to be collecting all the pieces. But, after spending so much time with Hermione's beaded bag, Harry recognized the extension charm immediately.He followed Hermione to the windows and began to repair the shattered glass. They moved on to filling a large hole in the wall with the rubble scattered around the room and before long, the forest floor had been recreated. After lunch, they returned and began to work on the office connected to the classroom that clearly, was not made for Firenze because it resembled every other office at the school. The office was in shambles from one of the walls being blown in and covering the room in a thick coating of dust and soot. Before they could even begin cleaning up the room, Percy leaned over and picked up an identical bin to the one that sat on the cracked desk, filled with unmendable shards and pieces."Hey, Dad!" he called, holding the empty bin over his head so that he could see it. "Looks like they gave us an extra, what should I do?""Oh, get rid of the spare," he said nonchalantly. "Just put it…" the world swirled before Harry's eyes and he swayed on the spot. He collapsed as the world gave way and Ron managed to catch his limp form before he hit the floor."Kill the spare," a high, cold voice demanded. A swishing noise and a second voice, which screeched the noise to the night: "Avada Kedavra!"A blast of green light blazed through Harry's eyelids, and he heard something heavy fall to the ground beside him; his scar burst open in pain.Cedric was lying spread-eagle on the ground beside him. He was dead.For a second that contained an eternity, Harry stared into Cedric' face, at his open gray eyes, blank and expressionless as the windows of a deserted house, at his half-open mouth, which looked slightly surprised. And then, before he could feel anything but numb disbelief, he felt himself being pulled to his feet.The short man in the cloak had put down his bundle, lit his wand, and was dragging Harry toward the marble headstone. Harry saw the name upon it flickering in the wandlight before he was forced around and slammed against it.Tom Riddle."Harry!"The cloaked man was now conjuring tight cords around Harry, tying him from neck to ankles to the headstone."Harry, wake up! Harry-"Harry could hear shallow, fast breathing from the depths of the hood; he struggled and the man hit him- hit him with a hand that had a finger missing."Harry!" Someone was shaking him. He felt the cold floor beneath him and pieces of rubble digging into his skin. He pried his eyes open and to see a blurry mess of swirling colors. He sat up quickly, adrenaline pulsing through his veins, and the world slowly began to come into focus. The sudden movement was too much for his trembling body, and without warning, he retched onto the floor next to him."Here," a familiar voice said. Hermione crouched next to him holding a glass of water. He looked up to see blurry faces peering at him anxiously."Thanks," he reached out with a shaky hand and carefully placed the cup to his lips. Fleur muttered a spell and the stench of his own throw-up disappeared."Harry, what happened? Are you okay?" Mr. Weasley said, full of worry."The spare… he said get rid of the spare," Harry managed to say while clutching his forehead, a movement he had wished he would never have to do again. But, the pain in his scar still felt quite real. Most of the still swirling faces appeared confused, his answer only providing more questions. But for two of the onlookers, everything became quite clear."Oh," Ron said, while Hermione bit her lip."What? Am I the only one who's still confused?" asked Bill, which earned him a sharp slap from Ginny."It seems like Harry had a flashback," Hermione explained. "To the graveyard after the Triwizard Tournament." Without looking to see if this cleared anything up, she leaned forward and whispered in Harry's ear."Do you want to go somewhere else for a bit?" Harry nodded gratefully. She stood and held out her hand which he took quickly. He took Ron's extended hand too and together, they pulled him up. Ron wrapped a steadying arm around his shoulder and the trio slowly walked out of the classroom and into the corridor without a backward glance at the rest of the worried group. After a minute or so, Harry was much more steady and they walked into the Hogwarts grounds."So you saw the graveyard?" Hermione asked carefully."Yeah and it felt so real! The pain and the sounds and everything, it felt like I was fourteen again.""But, everything is safe now, right? Your scar hurting couldn't mean anything else?" Ron asked."Yes, we're safe now, but Harry's been through so much that it's not a surprise that he's had a panic attack. I'm sorry Harry, but you're probably going to have more and honestly, we could too Ron," Hermione explained as they reached the entrance to Hogwarts. They sat outside the towering oak doors on the warm steps in the sun and stared at the grounds, lost in thought."So you both aren't coming back to Hogwarts, then?" Hermione asked."Sorry 'Mione," Ron replied."You'll have a lot less stress though without worrying about our study schedules," Harry added, still trying to still his trembling body and calm his nerves."Very true," Hermione laughed before turning serious again. "Any ideas on what you're going to do?""I don't know. McGonagall offered me a part time DADA teacher which sounds pretty nice.""You'd be great at that!" Hermione brightened immediately. "And we can still see each other!""We'll still visit you at Hogwarts, you know. You can't get rid of us that easy," Ron said and swung an arm around her shoulders, pulling her close and giving her a kiss on the top of her head."So you two are finally an official thing, then?""Looks like it," Ron replied with a wide smile.

Thank you to everyone who reads this! I can't believe so many people have read my writing, and it means so much to me. I hope you enjoy!The next afternoon, Harry found himself outside on the Hogwarts grounds, bathed in the sun that was still celebrating their victory over the Dark forces. After another long day of repairs, he, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny left to see Hagrid, who for some reason had not been into the castle since the battle. Miraculously, his hut at the edge of the forest remained standing, with only his garden and fence trampled into the soft dirt. As they approached the hut, they could see the curtains spread wide open and had a clear view of Hagrid drinking heartily from a bottle. When they were ushered into his hut, they had a hard time understanding his slurred speech, but his joy at Grawp's support in the battle was clear and at least for the moment, he did not seem traumatized by the events of the past few days. But of course, that might be from the help of the whiskey.As quickly as they politely could, the four left Hagrid's hut in much less time than they expected and began to walk casually along the grounds towards the broken Quidditch fields."Well, he seems to be doing well," Ron said once safely out of earshot."I can't say that I'm not surprised," Hermione replied disdainfully."At least he's happy?" Ginny commented, more as a question than anything. They continued to talk as they walked along the sloping grass. The trees stood to their left and the Whomping Willow kept its barren branches still. Harry glanced at the towering trees ever so often and now felt no fear about what lies within its hidden depths. He ignored the urge to search the forest floors for the small stone that would allow him to see his parents and Remus and Sirius and Fred. He resisted the call to overturn every pebble littering the floor, knowing how dangerous the stone could be.Before he could turn his head away from the beckoning trees, something caught his eye. He stopped mid stride and turned to face the forest, not bothering to call out to his friends who continued on without him. Eventually, they backtracked and stood beside him, peering into the shadows in utter confusion. All they could see was a normal gap in the trees, only the dark ground pushing through vines and branches, just like at any other spot in the forest."Harry? Is everything okay?" Ginny asked, facing him. But, what they could not see was the dark ground pushing through vines and branches into Aragogg's old lair and towards the bright flash of green. Towards what should have been his own demise. Towards what should have been an end to his struggles. Towards what had haunted his dreams last night.He heard voices talking around him, much too far away to notice or care. The only voice he could hear whispered "Harry Potter…" It sent chills through his body and was cold enough to freeze ice in his veins. Red slits came into view and a swish of a long black cloak.Suddenly, a hand on his shoulder had whipped him around so that his back was to the forest entry. He blinked multiple times in rapid succession and pushed away the impending panic that was threatening to engulf him."Harry, was that where you walked into the forest?" Ginny asked. He noticed Ron still stood behind him with his hands out, clearly ready to catch him if he blacked out again. Suddenly embarrassed by his moment of weakness, he stepped back to bring Ron into the small circle."Yeah," he admitted. "Yeah, but I'm fine." Ron and Hermione exchanged a sideways glance that only they could discern meaning from while Ginny stared at him with her arms crossed."You're not fine, Harry. None of us are 'fine'," Ginny said exasperated."Let's just keep walking, okay?" Harry asked. Without waiting for an answer, he walked through the group towards their destination and allowed the other three to catch up to him before falling into step.The Quidditch Pitch was indistinguishable and the six rings lay burned on the ground. The stands were charred and the banners that usually hung regally, displaying the bright house colors were black and ragged."This is a sorry sight," Ron announced stopping at the edge of the pitch. Harry and Hermione stopped beside him, gazing at the scorched remains. Noticing the absence of Ginny, Harry turned and held a hand up to block the sun's glare and saw her running back towards them holding four broomsticks."Guys! The locker rooms and sheds weren't completely burned down and look what I found!" She passed out the four old brooms and before long, Ginny was soaring high above them. Without any hesitation, Harry straddled his own and kicked the dirt to meet her in the sky. Hermione, who was never comfortable on a broomstick, was being helped by Ron and soon the two of them hovered carefully over the ground, much lower than Harry and Ginny."Race you to the lake, Potter!" Ginny called and leaned forward over her broom to speed towards the water. Harry mimicked her and sped towards the glistening lake. He couldn't help but grin at the wind burning his eyes and the freedom of flight that he forgot how much he missed. He laughed as he tried to catch up to her, knowing it was futile, but relishing the chase all the same. Ginny sat waiting, hovering a few meters over the lake's pristine surface, and Harry dove down towards the water before pulling up to her level."I won," Ginny announced, unnecessarily."You cheated! You got a head start!" Harry laughed and watched as she fought the breeze tugging at her long hair and tried to tuck it behind her ear."I miss flying. And Quidditch," she admitted."Yeah, me too." Harry looked around at his surroundings and didn't notice Ginny still gazing at him with an odd mixture of emotions hiding beneath her smile. "Did you not get to play Quidditch this year?""Not really, no," she swung her leg around to sit sideways on the broom facing Harry with her legs swinging below her and no fear of falling. "Each person on the team needed permission to play, so no muggle-borns, half-bloods, or blood traitors were allowed to play. Gryffindor didn't even have a team last year, but Slytherin ended up with two." Ginny continued to tell Harry about Hogwarts last year and Dumbeldore's Army and Harry listened, amazed."And we heard that you stole the Sword of Gryffindor from Snape's office," Harry prompted, and Ginny embarked on a long story about staging the break-in and where it all went wrong. She gave up in fighting the breeze and allowed her hair to blow gently in front of her chin, all the while talking animatedly with her hands and balancing precariously on the broomstick."What about you?" she said when she had exhausted her story."What do you mean? I already told you all what happened," Harry asked, genuinely bewildered."I mean, what happened just now at the forest," she asked, carefully watching him."Oh, that. It's nothing," he replied with a wave of his hand."Quit being stupid! It is not nothing!" she fired back, leaning forward dangerously. "What happened?""You already know what happened!" He shot at her."I know that you stopped at that spot because that's where you walked into the forest at midnight. That's it. So what else?""That's it," he lied, ignoring how close he was to blacking out."It is not," she retorted through gritted teeth. "Don't push us out when we want to help! It's not going to get better if you just ignore it!" Harry remained silent and refused to meet her gaze. Her voice softened when she spoke again. "Harry, you can trust me.""It's not that I don't trust you, Ginny.""Then what is it?" Harry didn't reply. He didn't know how or what to say. How could he explain the years of having to keep everything a secret since before he had even arrived at Hogwarts? How could he explain the punishments he used to receive from the Dursleys if he shared his true thoughts or the countless warnings from Dumbeldore to not tell a soul?"Let's just go back to the Quidditch Pitch," he mumbled before leading the old broomstick over the trees.Ginny sped off, laughing, over the trees with Harry close on her tail and Ron and Hermione watched them go. Hermione gripped her broomstick so tightly that her knuckles began to turn white."They better not be going off to snog," Ron grumbled, staring after them."I doubt they're going to get back together right away," Hermione responded. "But I think they're cute together!" Ron turned towards her again and saw her hanging on for dear life."Why don't we go down? Or you can ride on my broom!" Ron asked and Hermione nodded gratefully and returned to the grass as quickly as she dared. "Here, get behind me." Hermione sat on the hovering broomstick behind Ron and hugged him around the waist. He kicked off of the ground and slowly made his way into the air with gradual turns to not startle Hermione."Isn't it beautiful?" He asked pointing at the castle looming in the distance. Hermione opened her eyes, not realizing she had even shut them."Yeah," she sighed. She rested her head against his back and couldn't see Ron smiling at her touch. The pair sat silently, admiring the castle that was slowly being put back together and watched a few owls flying around each other outside a tall tower."Did you still have nightmares last night?" he asked quietly, turning his head as much as he could. Immediately, he felt Hermione's head lift off of his back and her arms tense."What?" she replied out of shock."You tend to moan in your sleep and thrash around sometimes. It just reminded me of Harry when he has nightmares.""Oh… can we go back down, Ron?""Yeah, sure." He led the broom towards the grass outside of the pitch that was still a plush and lively green. Ron sat in the grass once they landed, and Hermione lay next to him, staring at the few clouds in the sky. Ron laid next to her with one arm behind his head, his other hand naturally found Hermione's and they interlocked."You're right, you know," Hermione whispered. "I have nightmares almost every night.""About what?" Ron propped himself up on one elbow to look at Hermione's dark coffee-brown eyes, glistening in unshed tears."Malfoy Manor," she said, barely audible over the breeze. She took a deep breath and continued with more confidence. "Of Bellatrix on top of me and… and… I feel like I can feel her curse again. And even though Madame Pomfrey fixed the cut on my neck, I still feel the pain there too.""I have nightmares about that day, too," Ron admitted. "About… what if Bellatrix's knife had cut deeper or if she decided that torturing you wasn't enough." Hermione leaned onto her elbow too and wrapped her arms around his shoulders and kissed him. Ron quickly kissed her back, and felt unbridled joy erupt inside of him. After a blissful eternity, they parted and Ron's eyes didn't leave hers. Hermione laid back into the grass and found his hand again, before continuing like nothing had interrupted her."I feel like I kind of know what Harry's been going through all these years, you know? His is probably worse, but I just wake up not knowing where I am and thinking that I'm about to die. And I feel a fraction of the pain again too, and I don't even have a scar.""Just because you don't hurt as much as him doesn't mean it doesn't hurt, 'Mione," he said strictly. She sniffed and gave a watery smile."Thanks, Ron.""Why don't we push our beds together tonight? Maybe it'll help if you're close to someone," he said, silently praying that she doesn't take his idea the wrong way."I'd love that." Harry landed next to the two in the grass and slid off his broom with Ginny close behind him."What were you up two?" Harry asked with a smirk, looking at them holding hands and lying in the grass."Talking about nightmares, actually," Hermione responded boldly, catching Harry off guard who had expected a very different response."What a coincidence, we weren't," Ginny replied harshly before grabbing the four brooms and stalking off to put them back in the shed."What was that about?" Ron said as he helped Hermione to her feet."She kept trying to find out what happened earlier by the forest, but you already know what happened!" he cried, instinctively running a hand through his hair."Well she probably just wants to know more of the details, Harry," Hermione explained patiently. "You do have a tendency to push people away with these kinds of things.""Yeah, it couldn't hurt to talk about it, right? It would probably help, actually," Ron added. Harry glared at the two of them, but they didn't back down from his gaze."Oh, come on Harry. She cares about you!" Hermione rolled her eyes, and quieted immediately as Ginny stomped back into earshot. "Well we have one more errand before dinner, right?" Harry nodded and forced his expression back to neutral and fell into step beside the others as they headed to Dumbeldore's tomb.They stood before the gleaming white marble box as the sun began to set, letting its fading rays bounce off the stone. Hermione lifted her wand and caused the heavy cover to lift off the base and fall to the grass in front of them with a heavy thud. Harry reached into his moleskine bag and removed the Elder Wand- the wand responsible for so much destruction. Without thinking, he stepped up to the opening and looked at the old headmaster, dressed in his finest blue robes and his half moon spectacles still resting on his crooked nose. He placed the wand carefully between his hands and let his own fingers graze the tops of his cold hands.Never turning away from Dumbeldore's sleeping form, he retreated down the steps and Hermione set the marble cover back over him. Harry pointed his wand at the marble and began muttering all the protective spells that he knew to stop anyone from breaking into the tomb again. Once he had finished, Hermione lifted her own wand and added to the list of protections."Are you okay?" She asked Harry, whose gaze had not wavered from where Dumbeldore's head rested underneath the stone."Yeah, actually. I'm okay," he responded confidently. After all, why should he pity the dead when they had once lived a life full of love?

Fair warning; these next two chapters are really sad, but I promise it'll get happier! The days dragged on in a familiar routine. Knowing what will happen the next day was certainly a new feeling, yet a welcome one to the trio; the comfort as inviting as one of Mrs. Weasley's hand-made jumpers. A few days earlier, Professor McGonagall had informed them all somberly that a memorial service would be held on the upcoming Saturday and gave them some information on what to expect. Harry, Ron, and Hermione would be three of many to receive an award at the ceremony, and it was expected that they, namely Harry, would give a speech. Harry opened his mouth and spewed a string of incomprehensible words trying to reject the unknown honor and the responsibility of a speech, but McGonagall simply patted him on the shoulder with a small smile and told him "You are fully capable, Mr. Potter," before walking away.It was now Friday, the day before the ceremony, and he still had not written a single word of his expected eloquent speech. After admitting to his procrastination at lunch, Hermione dragged him off to the Defense Against the Dark Arts Classroom that they had just finished mending that morning and sat him at a desk. She sat next to him and drew a spare piece of paper from her ever-present beaded bag and a pen. Harry looked at her distinctly muggle objects curiously."I've decided to give up on the whole ink and parchment rubbish," she announced. "Everyone knows I'm a muggle-born anyhow and it's just so much easier." Harry grinned and clicked the pen, holding it above the college-ruled paper, expecting words to begin to flow out of the ballpoint tip, yet none came. Ron, busy clicking and playing with another pen and scribbling all over a spare piece of paper, did not notice his friend's struggle. After watching Ron playing with a pen as if he was five, Hermione turned to Harry and drew his own attention back to the task at hand."Just write from your heart, Harry." His hand still did not move across the page. "Just write about people you miss, things you're grateful for, what you hope to see in the world, whatever is on your mind." With that, he finally began to write. When he had filled up a few pages in his slanted scrawl, he read back over it while scratching things out and fitting in miniscule additions to the messy page. By the time Hermione had explained how pens work multiple times to a bewildered Ron, Harry had written his speech. It wasn't as well-written as Hermione's or as wise as Dumbeldore's would have been, but it was his.Ron was staring at his figure in the mirror of their dorm when Harry walked up behind him. He anxiously flattened his black robes, trying to smooth out the wrinkles, before stepping aside for Harry to join him in front of the mirror. Harry eyes his messy hair, and instead of attempting to flatten it, which he knew was impossible at this point, he ran a hand through it until it stuck up in the back just like his father's did. Without a word, they headed to the common room where they met Hermione and they walked out onto the Hogwarts grounds. The rest of the Weasleys had gone home earlier in the week, and were already joining the procession finding their seats on the lawn.Rows and rows of white chairs lined the green grass in almost the exact position as they did about a year ago for Dumbeldore's funeral. Now, they faced a new structure near his tomb. Near the mouth of the lake, a large cube hovered just above the grass. It was white and nearly opaque so that you could just see a blur of colors through the haze, and inside of it held a ball of powerful light that shone through the cloudy surface. Around the structure lay pieces of the broken castle, arranged to form a wreath of rubble from which the cube of light emerged.Ron and Hermione walked hand in hand towards their seats at the front, next to the other Weasleys. Harry made to follow them, but instead made his way to someone that he had recognized, holding a small bundle wrapped in blankets."Mrs. Tonks?" Harry asked as he approached the witch with a startling resemblance to Bellatrix."Hello, Harry," she greeted with a faint smile. He eyed the blankets she held in her arms again, and saw a pale sleeping face and a tiny hand grasping the blanket edge."I don't know if you knew, but Remus made me his godfather," Harry said, meeting her gaze."Yes, I know. I figured you weren't ready to take care of little Teddy here quite yet, though.""No, probably not.""We can talk about that another time though, dear." He nodded, internally grateful. "Would you like to hold him?""Sure," he reached out and she placed the few week old infant in his arms. "You want to make sure that you're always holding his head, like this…" she taught him how to hold the baby, and moved his arms until Teddy rested comfortably in his grasp. The second that Harry touched him, he fell in love with him and knew that he would do anything to keep him safe."Hi Teddy," he whispered. "I'm Harry... I'm your godfather and I'm going to spoil you so much." He thought of all the things he wished he had growing up, watching Dudley get all the gifts that Harry secretly begged for. "I love you, Teddy. I'll take care of you, I promise." Andromeda gave a watery smile, knowing that Harry would not break his promise.Kingsley approached the podium and silence fell throughout the crowds. Harry handed Teddy back to Dromeda before hurrying to his own seat across the way. In a somber tone, Kingsley gave a quick speech, honoring those who had died fighting for what's right, before beginning to call up names."Cedric Diggory," he began. Diggory's father approached the glowing cube with his head held high, and the crowd held its breath and watched as he carved his son's name onto the glistening surface. When he straightened up again, he stared at the name before taking a deep breath and turning back to his seat, silent tears falling down his face. Dennis Creevy trailed behind his parents with a lost look about him when Colin's name was called, and Parvarti held the arm of Mrs. Brown when it was their turn to pay tribute to Lavender. Families and friends, broken apart by the war, walked to the cube to say goodbye to their loved ones and each time, Harry found it harder and harder to keep it together."Fred Weasley." George stood on shaky legs and made his way to the memorial accompanied by the whole Weasley family. He knelt against the stone rubble and lifted a trembling hand to begin to write. Before he had even finished the first 'e,' his head and arm dropped to his side, his other hand covering his face and Harry saw his shoulders shake violently. Charlie crouched next to him, lifted his brother's hand and together, finished engraving their brother's name. With tears falling freely from every Weasley, George ended his message by carving "Mischief Managed" under his name. They bowed their heads in a moment of silence, and George placed his palm against his twin's name, his soft sobs heard in the front row where Harry and Hermione sat, tears streaming from their own eyes. Charlie helped George to his feet, and with an arm around each other, they made their way back to their seats, each Weasley leaning on another. Hermione reached for Ron as he approached and held him in her arms."Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks." Harry stood and walked into the aisle to wait for Dromeda to meet him. She handed Teddy to him, still fast asleep, and she bent towards the cube and quickly carved her only daughter's name into the surface. She gazed at the letters with a look of determined resolution and whispered something to her cherished daughter. After wiping tears from her eyes, she turned to take Teddy from Harry's arms.Harry approached the spot that she had just written and saw her careful letters spelling out "Nymphadora Tonks, but just call me Tonks." He took a deep breath, and rose his own wand that somehow felt far heavier than ever before and inscribed what he had finally decided on, "Remus Lupin, the last Marauder." With a heavy heart, he stood and turned, now in clear view of the Hogwarts teachers. Each one of them sobbed into handkerchiefs, hearing the names of students that they should not have outlived. The memories of adorable eleven years entering the school had been replaced with the tragic sight of their lifeless bodies lining the very same halls. He walked back to his seat and fell into it where Hermione pulled him into a hug, and he allowed himself to cry onto her shoulder.When finally, the last name was called, Kingsley announced that awards and speeches would commence in ten minutes. The Weasleys stood and each embraced their family members. Harry stepped to the side to allow the family their privacy, but Mrs. Weasley grabbed his arm and pulled him into a giant hug."When are you going to learn that you're a part of this family, Harry?" Harry closed his eyes tight and hugged her back as hard as he could, hearing the words that he had longed to hear as long as he could remember. He took turns talking and embracing each sibling until the ten minutes had passed, and he managed to get a hold of himself enough to speak steadily.Professor McGonagall stood before the silent crowd and spoke as the new Headmistress of the school. She addressed the grieving loved ones, but managed to end on a high and powerful note about the hope of the future. Kingsley took her place and began to call up each member of the Order of the Phoenix and gave them each an Order of Merlin second class. Each approached the podium and the Minister placed a medal around their necks as cheers reverberated through the crowd. Harry clapped loudest when McGonagall and each of the elder Weasleys were called, and when Lupin and Tonks were awarded the medal posthumously."I would next like to award the Order of Merlin third class, to the leaders of Dumbeldore's Army- Luna Lovegood, Ginerva Weasley, and Neville Longbottom- for providing the school with hope and valiantly fighting in the Battle of Hogwarts." Ginny looked up stunned, then walked along the aisle with her two friends, each returning to their seats with wide smiles. Mrs. Weasley pulled her daughter into another hug, muttering how proud she was, and Ginny patted her on the back awkwardly while trying to sit down."Finally, I would like to call forward Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, and Harry Potter." The three rose and stood beside Kingsley facing the crowd that filled the air with claps and cheers. Harry spotted his fellow students and friends among the crowd, and instinctively stepped back in a poor attempt to hide some part of himself behind Ron's much taller form. Ron shoved him forward without a second thought."For defeating He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named after about a year of being on the run, placing yourself in countless dangerous scenarios, fighting valiantly in the war, and providing us all with hope and courage during this past dark year, I award each of you an Order of Merlin first class." More cheers erupted as Kingsley placed a medal around each of their necks and shook their hands. He then gestured to the podium and stepped aside, still clapping, allowing Harry to step forward. He unfolded his speech that he wished he had thought to memorize after watching Kingsley and McGonagall deliver theirs so effortlessly."I'm honored to receive this award, especially because I'm up here with Ron and Hermione," he began and turned to his two friends, ignoring the cameras flashing at him from the press lining the field. "Ron, you were my first friend and I am so lucky to have you by my side. Thank you for never giving up on me and always seeing me as just Harry, and not the Boy Who Lived. And Hermione, thank you for all of the advice through the years and making me study so that I wasn't kicked out of school. Without you, I definitely would have died a couple of times by now. I would not still be here without the two of you." They smiled at Harry, Hermione with tears in her eyes and Ron nodded his own gratitude, their arms wrapped around each other."I'd also like to thank the Weasleys, for taking me in as one of their own. You're my family and I appreciate each and every one you." he continued to the enraptured crowd, focusing on the group of redheads. "Professor McGonagall, thank you for trying your best to keep me in line and caring about me with no strings attached." She laughed quietly after getting over her initial surprise of being singled out in his gratitude. He thanked Neville, Ginny, Luna, and the rest of the DA, then paused. He took a deep breath and willed himself not to cry."And to James and Lily Potter, Sirius Black, and Remus Lupin… I miss you all," he paused again, silently thanking each of them, before following Hermione's instructions and turning to his hopes for the future. He finished his speech and the crowd began to clap enthusiastically as one and he led his two friends down from the platform. The rest of the crowd stood and some began to walk slowly to the disapparation points while many others swarmed Harry.Ron and Hermione got pushed away from him as reporters from every magazine, newspaper, and radio show fought to get as close as possible to him. They all shouted his name and shoved cameras in his face, and Harry froze in his tracks. They did not seem to care that he had nothing to say to them or that he had no interest in answering questions or that the constant flashing lights were forcibly reminding him of a time where flashes of light meant imminent danger. Chaos engulfed Harry who, without thinking, pulled out his wand, but could do nothing as reporters closed in on all sides so that he couldn't even raise his , a shower of red sparks shot into the sky with a bang and the reporters jumped out of fright.Harry caught a glimpse of Charlie's wand still pointing in the air before Bill had pushed through the crowd and guided Harry out of the swarm, past the memorial, and to the edge of the lake and in the shelter of a few trees. Professor McGonagall was now reprimanding the reporters as if they were schoolchildren and sent them all scattering. Harry stood shaking slightly behind a tree with Bill peering over Harry's shoulder to make sure no reporters had escaped McGonagall's wrath. Apparently content that no one else was coming, Bill sat with his back to the lake and Harry slid his back down the smooth tree trunk."It's okay, Harry. Just breath," Bill said to him. "How are you feeling?" he asked once Harry had caught his breath."I'm fine," came the automatic response. Bill looked at him curiously, bit his lip from the retort already forming."Harry?" Ron's voice called before his head peeked into view. "Oh, there you are." He had his arm wrapped around a shaky Hermione."That was completely mental!" he said loudly when he reached them. "Hermione and I were both so... jumpy at all of those flashes of lights and I mean, how could they do that to you?" he finished in disgust. Harry loosened his grip on his wand that he didn't even notice he was still grabbing and began to relax considerably at Ron's indignation."Ron and I were thinking of going to stay at the Burrow after this. What do you think?" Hermione asked. "Mrs. Weasley already invited us.""Sure, that sounds good." Bill got up from his seated position and looked around a thick bush blocking them from view."Don't worry about those idiots. McGonagall sent them all packing," Ron said as Harry stood too and led the way around the shrubs. They hurried towards the rest of the Weasleys, who were talking to Professor McGonagall and Kingsley."Yes, I'll see you then. Thanks Molly," Kingsley said before turning away."I'll be there," McGonagall responded too. She turned and almost ran into Bill who stood behind her. "Excellent speech, Harry. I knew you had it in you," she said smiling warmly at him before walking away too."Are you coming to the Burrow too, Harry?" Ginny asked."Yeah, thanks for having me Mr. and Mrs. Weasley." Mrs. Weasley waved his remark aside as if completely unnecessary and they all made their way to the disapparation point to return home.Mrs. Weasley set large dishes filled with steaming food onto the table and called into the living room where the kids were assembled. The kids, she constantly had to remind herself. They're still just kids. They all eagerly piled their plates with food and arranged themselves around the table with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley at the heads.The conversations bounced off the walls and filled the Burrow with light voices and laughter that strayed from any topic too serious. Harry sat in his seat, leaning over his plate of food and looking down, with no desire to eat. His plate was in the background where the tear stained faces of all the happy families that the battle had ripped apart as easily as paper blinded him. The Creevy's, the Brown's, the Diggory's, the Weasley's, and so many other students that he had never had the chance to meet or talk to and he never would. It all could have been prevented. They all could have lived, if only-"You okay, mate?" Ron asked him quietly. Harry's head snapped up and he hurriedly said "Yeah, yeah I'm fine.""You should eat, Harry. You must be starving! We barely had any lunch!" he persisted under his breath. He nodded at his friend's concern and picked up his fork, but merely pushed the food around on his plate. After everyone else's plate was wiped clean, Mrs. Weasley stood from her seat slightly to make sure that they had finished eating."Harry! Eat up, dear," she said sitting back down."Oh, I'm not hungry Mrs. Weasley," he responded, forcing a smile on his face. She nodded slowly, her brows furrowed in concern."Are you okay, Harry?" He urged his fake smile to stay before responding."Yeah, yeah, I'm f-""Fine," The rest of the Weasleys finished for him in a singular grain. They had all looked at him with grins and quite a few eye rolls."That's really on you, Mum. You walked right into that," Ginny said with her arms crossed. "What's wrong, Harry?""Nothing!" he persisted, but to no avail. After spending seven years at the Burrow, they knew him too well. Everyone at the table stared at him silently, not believing his answer for one second. "I'm just not hungry!" He stood up, but Ron grabbed his sleeve and pulled him back into his seat."Don't bottle it up, Harry," George said quietly, using his voice for the first time that dinner. Something about the small act of George talking to him opened up the heavily armed gates in his mind and he sighed deeply."It's just… all the families…" he rubbed his forehead with his hands, trying to put a coherent sentence together. "Seeing all of them being torn apart… I just wish that… that I had found the diadem earlier or I had gone into the forest earlier or found the other Horcruxes earlier 'cause then they'd still be alive. Fred, Remus, Tonks, Colin, Lavender, all of them would still be alive and… and it wouldn't be my fault." Hermione leaned over her plate of food next to him and turned awkwardly to force him to look her in the eye."It is not your fault that they died. It's Voldemort's fault. You're the reason that so many people survived, Harry," she said kindly."But if I had-""No!" Ginny said loudly, cutting him off. "No 'buts.' No 'ifs.' They died fighting for what they believed in. For a better future that you gave to their families. They didn't die because of you. They died because there was a war going on." She looked at him fiercely, arms still crossed across her chest. He opened his mouth to protest, but George interrupted before he even had a chance."Fred wouldn't have blamed you, Harry. I don't blame you. We don't blame you. No one blames you. It's only you blaming yourself," he paused to look Harry straight in the eye. "Everyone else in the world wants to thank you, but you won't let them. The three of you made it so that all of the families not fighting at the battle could live together. You literally died for us, and you still think that that's not enough?"If only he had just died as he had planned. Then he wouldn't feel the pain, he wouldn't feel the guilt and memories weighing on him, threatening to crush him at any moment."It's okay to feel some survivor's guilt, Harry. Just know that no one blames you and it's not your fault at all that those people died. Without you, we would still be fighting, and more people would have died. You know that, right?" Hermione asked with a hand on his shoulder. He nodded and looked at his hands, ignoring the sideways glances between Bill and Fleur, Charlie and Ginny, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley- all silently talking about him."Let's have some dessert. I made a treacle tart, Harry!" She stood and carried his favorite dessert, and according to McGonagall, his mum's favorite too, to the table. After carefully placing the plate in front of Harry at the center, she leaned over and hugged him. She leaned close and whispered in his ear, "You are an exceptionally good person, Harry. And we are so lucky to have you in the family." He patted her arm awkwardly, unable to turn enough to hug her back, and smiled. Maybe it wasn't his fault after all.

"Harry, wake up!" His eyes bolted open and in one fluid motion his hand shot out from the bed and Percy found a wand pointed dangerously close to his face. He rose his hands to his shoulders and took a step back, eying the wand."It's just me!""Sorry, Percy." He dropped his wand onto the bedside table and made his way out of the tangle of blankets."Mum said to wake you up," he explained. Harry nodded and pulled out clothes to change into, but Percy didn't seem to want to leave the room. He stood at the doorway, wringing his hands together, and looking between Harry and his feet. Harry eventually stood and faced him, hands dangling limply at his sides, with a curious look."Harry, I… I just wanted to say… I'm sorry about that stupid letter from a few years ago and I'm sorry for not believing you," he looked relieved at getting something so heavy off of his chest. "I don't know if Ron actually showed you the letter, or-""He opened it in front of me, actually," he said, still gazing at him curiously."Right, well, I'm really sorry. If I could take it all back, I would in an instant." His eyes pleaded for forgiveness and he started to bite his lip out of nerves for what Harry would say. Harry strode forward and held out his hand. Hesitantly, Percy shook it with the fear slipping away."Don't worry about it, Percy. Everyone makes mistakes," he dropped his hand, but still looked at Percy strangely."Yeah... What?" Percy asked, still not leaving the bedroom."Thanks for apologizing. No one really does that anymore.""Oh, yeah, well… I'll see you downstairs." He quickly left the room and shut the door behind him, leaving Harry to change back into his black robes. He stepped out of the room and into the hall filled with shouts that could be from none other than Mrs. Weasley."Ronald Billius Weasley! How dare you! I already told you that you were to sleep in your own room and now I come to wake the girls up and you're here!" She screeched at the top of her lungs."Mum, I-""You can not sleep with Hermione! It is wrong and immoral and-""Old fashioned!" he interrupted. Harry peeked through the doorframe to see Ron towering over his mother's angry figure with Hermione hiding in the corner, clearly wishing to blend in with the wall. "We're not doing anything wrong! She has nightmares and needs me! She has to put a silencing charm around her bed so that Ginny won't hear her screaming, and you're more worried about us sleeping in the same bed!?" His voice grew louder and Harry saw Ginny who stepped into his view to place a comforting hand on Hermione."Well if she has nightmares, then she can go find you in your. Own. Room!" She shouted, punctuating the last few words."Fine, then she'll sleep in my bed!" The two fumed at each other and the tension was so thick that it could break in an instant. Ron forced himself to calm down, looked straight at his mother's boiling red face, and said in a controlled voice, "We are sleeping in the same bed because it helps us both sleep and we care about each other. That's that." He reached over and grabbed Hermione's hand before pulling her from the room, her head hanging to not make eye contact with Mrs. Weasley. Ginny followed them and raised her eyebrows as she and Harry made their way downstairs."That was intense," she said quietly."Tell me about it," he responded.After eating a small breakfast, the Weasleys walked out to the back garden towards the grove of trees where they practice Quidditch. There, lying beneath the grass and hidden in the leafy shade with a beautiful view of the Burrow, they held a small funeral for Fred. Everyone managed to say their goodbyes through tears, except for George, who couldn't figure out how to make a sound. He dropped to his knees by the stone marking where his head lays, and let his tears fall freely into the overturned dirt.The rest of his siblings left to give him privacy and his parents hugged him and stared at the headstone before walking back inside to give him his space. After more than a half hour, George still had not returned and the Weasleys were getting anxious that they would be late. Harry stepped outside and slowly made his way to the kneeling figure who hadn't moved."George?" he said quietly and kneeled beside him. His watery eyes looked up to see Harry sitting beside him."I don't know how to do this, Harry," he admitted. "I can't… I don't want to…" he stumbled over his words, struggling to form a complete thought. "I just feel so alone.""I know," Harry sighed. "Trust me, I know. After Sirius died, Dumbeldore sent me to his office to wait and he locked the door so that I couldn't leave. When he did get there, I threw a giant fit and screamed at him, broke a bunch of his things, and yelled that I didn't want to be human because being human means feeling pain.""But, Dumbeldore would say that being human also means feeling love, and joy. You just have to take it day by day and you'll start to feel other things too, not just the sadness." George nodded his head slowly and took a deep breath."You screamed at Dumbledore?" he asked, with a faint smile. "And broke his stuff?""Yeah, and he just sat there watching me. Actually, I shouted at him on several separate occasions now that I think about it, but that was the only time I purposely broke his stuff.""Huh," he muttered in amazement. "We probably have to go, don't we?""Yeah," Harry said and helped the twin to his feet. Together they walked to the house where they met everyone else and apparated to a quaint graveyard where others were already gathered. Harry saw some teachers from Hogwarts, members of the Order, and Tonks' remaining family.George stayed close to Harry the whole time, which Harry was grateful for. Someone could finally understand what it's like to lose someone so close to him. They watched as the bodies of Remus and Tonks were lowered into the ground, side by side, then covered with dirt and the grass bloomed instantly over them.Harry watched silently with his hands in his pockets and George placed a comforting arm around his shoulders to remind him that he isn't alone. Even though he had lost so much, he isn't alone. When the ceremony was over, and the spectators had begun to mingle amongst themselves, Harry approached Lupin's grave. He withdrew an empty container of a chocolate frog with only the collectible card left inside. The card had Lily and James Potter on it, smiling idly at the camera, and he placed it against the stone in front of all of the flowers that others had brought. With a deep breath, he forced himself to turn away from the stone and towards his godson.Dromeda passed the baby to Harry and told him, "Come over anytime, Harry. We can talk about what you want to do or you can just play with him." He nodded, not taking his eyes off the little boy, and walked away from the crowds.Teddy was awake now, and when he looked at Harry, his hair turned a jet black to match his. His eyes were a light brown, just like Remus, and he smiled identically to Tonks. A hand reached out and grabbed onto Harry's finger."Hey Teddy! Remember me?" he said to him. Harry talked to Teddy, knowing full well that he couldn't understand him but not caring in the slightest. At some point, Hermione and Ron approached him and talked to little Teddy too."Can I hold him, Harry?" Hermione begged, and he obliged by passing the baby into her arms. Ron refused to hold Teddy, admitting he was scared that he would drop him, but was content letting him grab onto his finger."May I have a word with you three?" Kingsley said in a deep voice as he walked up to them. They nodded, and after an exchanged curious glance, looked expectantly at him."I need to give a statement saying what happened that led to Voldemort's death, and that includes what you three told me. I was planning on cutting some parts out, but I wanted to hear your thoughts." They nodded again."I'm not going to give the details of what Horcruxes are or how to make them, obviously, and I don't think I'll include too many details about the Hallows either. Anything else I should leave out?""Don't mention Ron leaving or our visit to the Lovegood's," Harry said promptly, as if the answer was just waiting for the question to be asked. Ron's pale face gained some color in relief and Kingsley agreed quickly."You should know that I had a talk, let's say, with the press and they shouldn't be bombarding you or anyone else like that again." Harry nodded and turned to Teddy whose hand had reached out towards him."Also, I know you're going back to Hogwarts this year, Hermione. But, I really could use some more Aurors if you two are interested." He paused to smile at Ron's stunned face. "The Ministry is in shambles and I'm trying to restructure most of the departments to rebuild trust and get rid of all the corruption, which is a large task for one person. So it would be incredibly helpful if you two could help redesign and lead the Auror program.""You're offering us jobs as the Heads of the Auror Department?" Ron said, his eyes wide and disbelieving."Indeed I am," Kingsley agreed with a smile."Why us?" Harry asked. "I mean, surely there's someone who knows how to run the Auror Department already in the ministry.""We did lose a lot of our best aurors this past year, but that's not the point. I don't want anyone who knows how the department works. I need new ideas and a new plan to get things back on track.""But, why us?" Harry pushed."Really, Potter? Why you?" He asked sarcastically, but when Harry didn't budge, he continued. "Because you two saved the Wizarding World so I figured you knew what you were doing and people already know and trust you. You don't have to give me an answer now, of course, but I'll be coming by next weekend for dinner so you can tell me your thoughts then." He turned and walked back into the slowly diminishing crowd."What do you think?" Ron asked Harry, eyes still wide in amazement."I don't know," he replied, not really thinking about it and too preoccupied with Teddy's adorable tiny fingernails.

Thank you all for reading my story! I can't believe it already has more than 1000 views! Please leave a review, I love reading them. I hope you enjoy:With the funerals attended and the dead buried, life at the Burrow tried its best to go back to normal. The three elder Weasley kids lived in their own separate homes, but George had decided to remain at the Burrow for a bit longer, not wanting to live alone. After more than two weeks of staying at home after the war, Mr. Weasley returned to work at the Ministry where Kingsley had promoted him to the Head of the Law Regarding Muggles whereas Ron, Hermione, Harry, and Ginny spent their days as they pleased.Harry walked slowly down the steps towards Mrs. Weasley's call for lunch. He walked past George's room where the redhead lay on his bed, fiddling with an old prototype. Out the window from a landing, he saw Ginny flying around the constructed Quidditch posts, honing her skills and getting lost in thought. He passed Ginny's room where Hermione sat hunched over maps and lists of Australia, searching for her parents with Ron beside her trying to convince her to just ask Kingsley for help.Alone at the table for the time being, Harry helped himself to the delicious food before the rest joined him. Just as Ginny made her way inside, her hair windswept and cheeks red, an owl flew in through the open door. It collapsed its large dark gray wings as it landed and ruffled its feathers importantly before sticking out its leg to Harry. He grabbed the envelope and the owl soared away, narrowly dodging Mrs. Weasley on its way out the window."Who's it from, Harry?" George asked, looking curiously across the table. He slit open the official Gringotts seal and pulled out a thick sheet of parchment."It's from Gringotts. They want me to go in to 'discuss something of great importance' in two days," he answered after reading the short letter."Maybe it's about the dragon," Hermione mused."Maybe they want to press charges for the break-in!" Ron said, suddenly full of worry."Don't be silly, Ronald. I'm sure it's nothing like that," his mother chided. Yet, her own expression betrayed her charade of worry-free confidence."I guess I'll find out soon," he said, eyeing the letter. And in a blur of impromptu Quidditch matches, intense games of Wizard's chess and Exploding Snap, and being forced to clean their rooms, the day had come to find out what the letter was referring to.After the uncomfortable experience of being squeezed through darkness, Harry appeared at the start of Diagon Alley next to Mr. Weasley who Harry had invited along for assistance. The magical street that Harry had walked along on his eleventh birthday so many years ago was barely recognizable. Shop owners were still in the process of reconstructing their storefronts, leaving many still broken, charred, litterred, or abandoned. The abandoned stores showed only ghosts of their past glory, still covered in posters from the war where Harry's face was plastered under the title "Undesirable No. 1" and flyers were posted to beware of Muggleborns and even muggles themselves. Some people still shopped happily at the available stores, but the usual hustle and bustle was definitely missing. Mr. Weasley led Harry along the cobblestone street towards the gleaming white building towering over the smaller shops at the end of the main row.He saw that Madam Malkin's was still prospering and the windows glistened in the light. They passed a bright pink building called "Sugarplum's Sweetshops" where a little girl skipped out happily, holding a recently bought chocolate frog."Watch where you're going!" her mother called, and the girl stopped right before colliding with Harry's leg, who had tried to step out of her way."Sorry mister!" she said cheerfully, before finally looking up from her card and noticing Harry for the first time. Very slowly, she looked from Harry's face down to the card and back to Harry."Hang on!" she said as her mother approached them, shoving her loose coins back into her bag. "Are you Harry Potter?" At the name, her mother stopped and looked at him too."Er…," Harry looked to Mr. Weasley for assistance, but he swept his hand towards the little girl, prompting his answer. "Yeah, nice to meet you.""Mum! Mum!" she bounced up and down, her braids flying. "It's Harry Potter! Can you sign this for me, please?" she shoved the card into his hand and he looked down and saw a picture of himself with the title "Harry Potter; "The Boy Who Lived"; Order of Merlin First Class" underneath the frame and a summary of his life. Harry could finally relate to Dumbeldore's overwhelming pride to being on a chocolate frog card."I'm sorry, but I don't have anything to write with," he said, holding the card out for the girl to take, still eyeing the picture of himself that he never posed for."Here," the woman said, handing him a pen. He took it and decided that signing it couldn't hurt, so he crouched down until he was level with the young girl. Pressing the card against his knee, he signed his name on the back of the card before handing it back and standing back up. The little girl admired her new treasure and Harry handed the pen back to her Mom."Thank you, Mr. Potter," she said as she took the pen. "I'm a muggleborn, so I genuinely wouldn't be here without you." Her eyes teared up slightly, before she turned away and ushered her daughter towards the exit of Diagon Alley, leaving Harry standing there unsure of what to say or do.Harry watched them go before he walked back to Mr. Weasley who had followed the exchange a little ways away. It was odd how happy he could make someone just by signing his name. And the woman had thanked him. How odd to be thanked for events that haunted him. But still, she had thanked him. Her family was safe and full and happily buying chocolate frogs, apparently because of him?The pair walked past the Weasley's Wizard Wheezes storefront where a large moving figure of one of the twins stood (it looked more like Fred to Harry) and saw only a mess of overturned boxes and fallen products through the glass covered in the Death Eaters' flyers. Harry reached out to the glass and tore a picture of his face down from the side. He crumpled it up and shoved it in his pocket to be burned in the Weasley fireplace later.Finally, the large gleaming Gringotts building stood before them and the traditional two goblins stood waiting to probe them at their entrance. They let Mr. Weasley pass through the doors quickly, but the goblin that ran the probe in front of Harry continued to wave it multiple times, clearly worried. The second goblin watched him suspiciously, and Harry couldn't blame them in the slightest considering what had happened the last time he entered their protective walls. When they were finally convinced that Harry was not hiding anything, he met Mr. Weasley in the large hall lined with imposing wooden desks where the goblins worked. Following the instructions from the letter, they approached a desk on the far end of the hall where a nameplate read Gornuk, and Harry looked at Mr. Weasley uneasily. With his nod of encouragement, he stepped forward so that he was directly under the desk and cleared his throat so that the goblin looked up slightly at him. Gornuk looked back down at his page almost immediately and wrote for another minute before setting down his quill and leaning back in his chair."Mr. Potter," his voice was low and gravelly, giving off a distinctly foreboding tone. "If you would please follow me." Gornuk unlocked a small gate in between two desks and walked briskly towards the hallway without waiting to see if they followed. Through a maze of passages and turns, Gornuk opened his office door and sat behind another desk, matching the same dark wood as before, but at a normal, waist-high level."Mr. Potter," he began again, pulling out a folder from somewhere beneath the desktop as Mr. Weasley and Harry sat across from him. "As you are now of age and not on the run, it is time for you to know your full inheritance.""Inheritance? You're not going to press charges on me?" he blurted out."No, we have decided to not press charges against you," he said with squinted eyes, making it clear that if it was his decision, it would have been something quite different. "Now back to the business at hand; you are the last remaining Potter and you are now of age, meaning you can now be in full possession of the Potter estate and not just the vault that your parents left for you. As you can see here," he shuffled papers around and slid a list across the pristine surface towards the visitors. "You are now in possession of a much larger fortune, two properties, and a set of inherited treasures passed down the Potter line. Please sign at the bottom to officially become the inheritor." Harry looked at the list as Gornuk spoke and saw that he had more than a lifetime's worth of galleons, the house on Godric's Hollow as well as the Potter Manor, and three chest's worth of heirlooms. With Mr. Weasley's nodded confirmation and under Gornuk's watchful and distasteful gaze, he picked up a long quill from the desk and signed his messy signature across the bottom. The letters glowed a bright gold before settling back to match the black ink he had used."It is now official and the contract has recognized you as the sole heir. You now have access to two vaults- your own and the Potter vault. You can transfer anything in between them and you can see your newest acquisitions at any time.""Er…can I see the new vault please?" Harry responded, placing the contract back onto the desk."Very well, please follow me." Gornuk filed away the contract, then strode confidently through the hallways, passing multiple other goblins and a few witches and wizards. The light gradually grew darker and the air grew mustier until they reached the cart station. As the cart swerved along the rails through the dark caves, Harry eyes the spot that he knew a giant waterfall could come crashing down in an instant, and let out a breath he didn't even realize that he held when they passed it with no complications.A door as thick as the Lestrange's with as many locks stood before them, giving off a dull golden light that somehow shone through the grim darkness. Gornuk placed the key into the ring and stroked the door with his palm, making the wheel on the left begin to turn until the door opened with a dull pop. Ignoring the insane amount of coins filling the room, Harry walked to a table lining the side of the room, filled with chests of jewels and historical artifacts. Even though the vault had not been opened in years, not a single cobweb or speck of dust could be seen. Harry had no use for the jewelry and he didn't know a single woman that would wear the pieces since the majority boasted gaudy and giant jewels. But, he wasn't looking for those. Instead, his eye caught two simple rings lying in a porcelain dish on the edge of the table. They were both a gleaming silver with a wave of gold etched on the outside and 'Potter' engraved on the inside with a small heart after the name. Harry's fingertips grazed his parents' wedding rings and they felt warm to the touch, as if they had just been taken off.He saw another set of older, but nearly identical rings, clearly belonging to his grandparents that he had never met. Walking along the table, he came across more jewels and artifacts, but only stopped again when he came to a thick gray canvas hiding something underneath. He unfolded the parcel and saw two sets of identical keys: two of them marked with GH at the top and the other marked with PM. Without fully acknowledging what he was doing, he grabbed one of each key along with a few coins and shoved them into his pocket."Gornuk?" he called into the empty vault."Yes, Mr. Potter?" the goblin appeared at the open door, the same scowl still visible across the room."You said I can open and transfer money to accounts, right?""Yes.""I'd like to open an account for my godson under the name of Teddy Lupin and transfer ten thousand galleons into it." Gornuk had pulled out a small notepad from his vest and wrote down his request. "And transfer ten thousand galleons into the Weasley vault, please.""Very well, I will need a member of the Weasleys to accept the transfer before it is completed, but we will have a new vault for Mr. Lupin by the end of the day.""Thank you," he nodded and followed Gornuk out of the vault."Mr. Weasley," Gornuk had reentered the cart where Arthur sat waiting. "Mr. Potter wishes to transfer ten thousand galleons into your vault. Please sign here if you agree to the transfer." He held out his notepad, but Mr. Weasley ignored it and instead turned alarmed to Harry who was watching the heavy door close with a resounding sound that echoed through the caves."Harry! I will not accept this… this… this transfer! It's absurd! I know you're just trying to be kind, but-""Look, Mr. Weasley. Your family has spent the past seven years looking after me, which has not been easy and you've already spent money on me. Plus," he said loudly to interrupt his incoming protests and he continued to stride forward towards the cart. "I have way too much money that I will never use and I'm guessing that my parents would want me to use it on my family, which is you." Mr. Weasley was silent and was clearly struggling with the decision."If you don't sign the paper, I'll withdraw ten thousand galleons and drop it in your living room, but this is much easier than trying to apparate with all of that, so just take it. It's not a pity donation or whatever, I just want to say thank you and make sure you're happy." Finally, Mr. Weasley nodded and took the notepad from Gornuk, who not-so-subtly rolled his eyes at the charade."Thank you, Harry." He nodded and squeezed into the cart next to him without another word.

"Come on… just get him already!" Ron egged on his chess piece towards Harry's. Even after years of practice, Harry had only managed to beat Ron a few times, although he was sure that he must have improved since first year. Hermione sat next to the two boys on the couch, curled into a tight ball and was reading a thick book for seventh year charms students. A loud knock broke through the room, but the trio was too lost in their own thoughts that none of them made an effort to stand up."Honestly!" Mrs. Weasley chided as she wiped her hands on her apron and strode through the room. "You lot are useless! I'm cooking away for everyone and you can't even get the door!" Hermione finally looked up from her book at her scolding and mumbled a weak apology, it was drowned out by Ron who had cried out as one of Harry's knights captured his rook. As soon as Molly's hand touched the doorknob, her stern expression turned immediately into one of pure welcoming and warmth. She pulled open the door with open arms and embraced Professor McGonagall."Minerva! How good to see you again!""You too, Molly. Thank you for having me! Here, I brought you a little something," she said, handing her a bouquet of bright yellow sunflowers."Oh, how lovely! Come in, come in. Make yourself at home, I just have to check on a pot if you'll excuse me." Mrs. Weasley hurried off into the kitchen, leaving McGonagall in the living room with three of her favorite students (although she'd never admit to that)."Hello, Professor!" Hermione called brightly as she shut her book and laid it on the couch next to her."Yes!" Ron screamed before McGonagall could even open her mouth. "That's seven checkmates in a row!""Yeah, yeah," Harry mumbled grumpily. Hermione cast a disapproving look in their corner, but McGonagall only chuckled."I see your chess skills are still unmatched, Mr. Weasley," she said. Harry turned over his chair and waved. "You know, I'd like a rematch sometime.""What?" he said blankly. "Oh… yeah, okay." He shrunk into his chair slightly as he finally remembered the chess game from their first year. Harry stood and made his way to sit next to Hermione, leaving the armchair open for McGonagall who sat graciously. Ron dropped onto the couch too, sitting ungracefully on Hermione's book."Why are you reading this!?" he said flipping through the pages. "You don't even have summer homework and besides, I'm sure you already know it all." Before Hermione could respond, Professor McGonagall cut in."Well it's good to see you three having some time to relax," her hands were placed properly on her lap and she sat with a straight back, peering at the three teens slouched against the couch cushions."How are the repairs coming?" Harry asked, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees."Quite well, actually. I talked to Bill earlier this week about the position at Hogwarts, and I think he might agree.""That's wonderful!" Hermione exclaimed, brushing a stray lock of hair out of her face."Indeed it is," she said with a smile. "And how are you three doing?""Oh, you know, we have our good days and our bad days," Hermione responded, knowing that Harry was about to bluntly respond that they were all fine. McGonagall nodded thoughtfully."Don't we all. Hopefully the good days will soon outnumber the bad.""George! Ginny! Get down here!" Mrs. Weasley shouted up the staircase. She turned abruptly to face the living room and commanded, "Change into something nicer, you three.""Excuse us," Hermione said kindly, leading her friends off the couch and up the stairs to change out of their t-shirts."Harry, dear," Mrs. Weasley stopped him before he could climb up the first step. "You really should buy some new shirts that fit you. And comb that hair before you come down again!" He ran a hand through his mess of hair with a smile, and trudged up the steps in one of Dudley's old flannels that still hung limply on him. He jogged up the steps to not fall behind the others, leaving McGonagall smiling at the sight of the three kids. They're just kids, she had to continuously remind herself.Harry had changed into a clean shirt and jeans, but had not bothered to comb his hair. Instead, he waited impatiently at Ginny's door until Hermione came out wearing a sundress with her hair braided and Ron rushed down to meet them."Oh good, there you are," Mrs. Weasley said, spotting them on the staircase among the small crowd. The rest of the Weasleys had arrived and were filling the living room and kitchen, talking in small circles. "Head on outside, everyone!" Slowly, they filed into the backyard where there was more room for the large group and where Mr. Weasley had already arranged two large tables to stand end to end. They all sat haphazardly, no real pattern among them, and Mrs. Weasley marched out with platters of food floating behind her that soon dropped onto the table."So, Bill. Have you thought about my job offer?" Professor McGonagall asked across the table."Yes, I think I'll take you up on that if… what we talked about… happens," he said mysteriously and for some reason, throwing quick glances down the table to Harry."Wonderful!" she said. "And Molly, this is delicious!" Everyone at the table gushed their approval in unison so that no one was really comprehensible. All the same, Mrs. Weasley waved her hand as her face turned red and muttered, "Oh, it was nothing.""Does that mean you're going to be my teacher?" Ginny asked hopefully."Looks like it," Bill said smiling. "And don't think I'll go easy on you.""Oh, please. I probably already know it all anyways!" Ginny fired back."Careful, or I'll have to give you detention.""What, are you going to make me write lines? That's nothing compared to last year," she snorted, not fully realizing the horrors that she hinted at. Bill's grin faded at her implications and they fell into uncomfortable silence."So… Harry. Have you thought about my offer to you?" Professor McGonagall asked to slide offer the awkwardness as easily as possible. At this, Kingsley turned away from Mr. Weasley to face them, clearly interested in his response."Yeah, actually. I think I have. What do you think about me teaching a few days a week and then I can work for Kingsley the rest of the week?" Harry glanced at Kingsley to make sure he was listening."That's great, Harry! Bill was hoping you would say that so he can spend more time with Fleur," she explained."I have no problem with that either," Kingsley nodded."Bill told me that he'd like to work Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and possibly Thursdays- that way he can go back to Shell Cottage for three or four days," McGonagall rambled. "So you can teach on Fridays and maybe Thursdays. The decision is all yours!""Okay… er, great!" Harry replied, shocked by how fast his plan was accepted."And I'm going to start making schedules soon, so please let me know what years you want to teach, or if you have any preference at all. I assumed maybe not seventh years, since it might be weird to teach your own friends.""Yeah, sure," Harry nodded. McGonagall stopped talking at his agreement and beamed at Harry, evidently proud."What about you, Ron?" Kingsley asked, turning towards Ron who had already finished most of his meal."Yeah, I'd love to be an auror!" he said enthusiastically."Wonderful! We can talk about the details later.""Kingsley?" Hermione interrupted, hesitantly. Her eyes were closed, but she opened them as she finally came to a decision."Yes?" he replied when she didn't continue."I-I was wondering if you could maybe help me find my parents?" she blurted out. "I've been trying to piece together where they are, but I just can't seem to find them and-" tears started to creep into her eyes. McGonagall's smile was replaced by a look of pity that was matched by the other listeners."Of course, Hermione! It's the least I could do. Why don't you stop by my office this week and give me any information you have and I'll try to contact the Australian minister.""Really?" Her eyes opened wide. "Thank you so much! That would be great, when can I come?""Can you come Monday morning? Say, around ten?" Hermione nodded, fervently. He smiled at her broadly and nodded in return. "While we're on the subject, I've been given a rather awkward job with regards to you two." He motioned towards Ron and Harry, and the surrounding family members looked between them in confusion."It seems that neither of you have passed your apparition tests and have been apparting illegally across the country for about a year now. And for some reason, no one at the ministry wanted to tell Harry Potter that he had to apply for an apparition license." Their half of the table broke into laughter and Harry and Ron grinned sheepishly before joining in."So, if you could just come in with Hermione on Monday and take the test, that would be great. It should only take a few minutes anyways." They both nodded, their grins still not disappearing. The evening continued as the group filled the darkening sky with laughter. As the sky began to become dotted with stars, Mrs. Weasley ushered them into the living room to escape the emerging insects for some dessert."Oh! That reminds me!" Charlie said in the living room. He walked briskly to the coat rack and dug into his coat pockets. "Speaking of desserts, I bought a chocolate frog the other day, then had to buy a few more until I found these." He held up three cards in triumph. Ron and Hermione looked bewildered, but Harry, who knew the general direction this was going, immediately held it his head in his hands to try and smother his blushing cheeks."Can I have your autographs?" Charlie asked, laughter bubbling at the surface as he tossed the three cards to each of them. Hermione picked hers up and began to read her biography while Ron just stared at his with his mouth wide open."I think I get why Dumbeldore said this was his proudest achievement," he said softly."You don't look surprised, Harry," Charlie commented, slightly disappointed that his surprise was ruined, yet he still held out a quill."A little girl asked me to sign hers when I went to Gringotts the other day," he explained."So I'm not the first one to ask you? Well then it's useless," he said, throwing the quill in the general direction of a desk in the far corner of the room. Everyone eventually made their way to the three cards and read the biographies, laughing at the details they chose to include or at what their pictures were doing. To much protesting, the evening ended as McGonagall insisted on having to get back to Hogwarts, but everyone agreed on doing something together again soon.Please leave reviews! I'd love to hear from you, and thank you all for reading!

"Why did you agree to a meeting so early," Ron whined as Hermione shook him awake from the enlarged bed that they now shared."It is not that early, Ronald," she scolded. "Besides, I'd go at any time considering the large favor he's doing me." Ron dragged his legs out of the bed without any more complaints since he knew how much it meant to his girlfriend. Girlfriend, he thought with a smile."Harry?" Hermione said tentatively at his bedside. He didn't wake and the blanket continued to rise and fall rapidly with his quickened breaths. "Harry?" she said again louder. Still nothing."Oi! Potter!" Ron shouted across the small bedroom. Harry's eyes shot open and visibly jumped from the startling wake-up call. Hermione glared at Ron accusingly at his seemingly endless tactlessness."What? That's how we'd get him up in the dorms when he was having a nightmare," he explained with a shrug before dragging the sheets across his bed to tidy them. Harry ignored Ron's talk and instead shut his eyes against the pain that had seared in his scar. He rubbed a hand under his shirt and fingered the marks gingerly allowing his cold fingers to soothe the dull ache."Harry?" Hermione asked again gently. "What was your nightmare about?" Harry looked in her general direction and squinted, trying to make out her shape from the blur of colors."Here," she said and handed him his glasses. He shoved them on and saw Hermione sitting on the edge of his bed. He sat up and swung his legs around and muttered "the forest." He stood and began to rummage through his drawers for a clean pair of jeans, but Hermione stopped him and brought him into a hug. She held him tight against her and Harry awkwardly patted her on the back, holding some pants in the other hand."Oh, it must be so awful," she whispered into his shoulder."Don't you have nightmares too?" he asked with curious concern, ignoring the flashing green light that still haunted his thoughts."Yeah, but they've been getting better. And I just have the one from the Manor mostly, you have a bunch of different ones on repeat," she said bluntly, pulling away from him."Er… yeah," he said, unsure of how to respond to that. "Let's just get ready to go, okay?" Hermione nodded and looked at Harry one more time before leaving to go to Ginny's room and change herself. When the door shut behind her, Ron stopped making his bed and dropped onto the wrinkled cover."They're still not getting better?" He asked, his eyebrows furrowed together."Not really, no," Harry replied as he pulled off his pajama shirt. He ignored Ron's eyes that lingered on the scar covering his chest and quickly pulled on another."Maybe you could ask Pomfrey for a sleep draught for dreamless sleep?""I'm guessing it's not good to take that every single night though. Isn't it just supposed to be used in special cases?""Well yeah, but you could take it every couple of days so you can still get some good sleep," he insisted hopefully."It's okay, Ron. Besides, you know that I've always had these.""I guess, but if they're really not getting better then-""It'll just take time," he interrupted shortly. Ron took the hint and nodded silently before pulling out his own clothes to change into. The two made their way down the stairs into the kitchen where Mrs. Weasley sat at the table reading a magazine."Good morning, boys!" she said cheerfully. How anyone could be so happy before ten in the morning was a mystery to Ron. "What do you want for breakfast?""We can make it!" Harry said before she had finished closing her magazine."Oh… are you sure?" she asked tentatively, yet hopeful."Absolutely," Harry replied with confidence before striding into the kitchen. After spending so much time at the Burrow, Harry had memorized where she had kept all the ingredients and dishes. He told Ron to cut up some fruit while he started to make pancakes on the hot stove by hand."Well this sure is an odd sight," Ginny chuckled a bit later as she swung herself around the banister and sat next to her Mom at the table. Hermione sat without thinking, much too preoccupied with the thick folder infront of her. She kept mumbling and counting things off of her fingers, clearly trying to make sure she had everything she needed."Here we are," Harry said later, setting a mountain of pancakes at the center of the table. Ron followed him with a bowl of roughly cut fruit and a serving dish filled with warm syrup. Harry pulled out a chair next to Ginny, trying not to brush arms too much, and Ron sat next to Hermione doing the exact opposite."These are delicious, Harry!" Mrs. Weasley praised, pointing at the perfectly golden brown pancakes."Mmmm, they really are!" Ron said with his mouth still full. Ginny gave him a thumbs up, her own mouth stuffed with pancakes. Hermione had not even noticed that they had begun to eat so Ron started to add pancakes to her plate."Where did you learn to make these?" Mrs. Weasley asked, in between bites."Oh… uh…," he stalled, not wanting to answer. Of course now was the moment that Hermione came to attention and her head snapped up, peering at him as though analyzing his every minute expression."The Dursleys," he mumbled as softly as he could."What?" Ginny asked, leaning towards him."The Dursleys," he said louder. "I've been making them since I was little, but it's fine! I don't mind cooking for you guys!" he defended himself from the appalled looks on their faces."Since you were how little exactly," Ginny asked as her eyes narrowed."Doesn't matter, just eat," Harry grabbed her fork that already had a bite skewered on it and shoved it into her mouth and she giggled loudly. He grabbed his own fork quickly before she could retaliate. After they had all eaten their share and Hermione had triple checked her folder for the fifth time, the three made their way to the Weasley's fireplace. One by one, they stepped in and allowed the green flames to swallow them up.The fire spit them out onto the gleaming floors of the Ministry. Windowed offices still rose high above them with red brick pillars striping the dark walls. Witches and wizards were all heading in the same general direction towards the lifts, but there were considerably less than in the past. The large fountain in the center of the room had changed dramatically so now, just a single geyser of water shot from the ground with no statue decorating the golden ring circling the pool."They must be redesigning it," Hermione said matter-of-factly. "Come on, let's go find out where Kingsley's office is." They headed towards the security desk on the opposite end of the large circular room; Harry kept his hands in his pockets and his head lowered after flattening his bangs over his lightning scar. He looked up only after successfully dodging the crowd of hurrying people and they stood before the security guard at the desk. Her chin rested in her hand, disinterestedly, and in a monotonous voice, she asked "How can I help you?""Hello, could you tell us where the minister's office and the apparition testing center is, please?" Hermione asked."I'm sorry, the minister only takes people with appointments. If you'd like to inquire about scheduling one, please-""Oh, Kingsley's expecting me," Hermione explained hurriedly. At this, the security guard looked up, clearly wanting to see who knew the Prime Minister by name. Harry didn't look away quick enough, and her eyes widened in recognition."Merlin's Beard!" she said, unashamedly staring at him. Harry looked up with a grimace as Ron rolled his eyes with a grin and Hermione tapped her foot impatiently. "Marissa! Get out here!" she shrieked and a black haired lady made her way out of the door behind her with her arms crossed, clearly not wanting to be disturbed. "What?""Look! It's Harry Potter! And you must be Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger!" she pointed at them excitedly. Ron smiled broadly at being recognized and Hermione blushed a fierce red."It's lovely to meet you both, but I'm afraid that I really do have a meeting soon if you could please just tell us where to go?" Hermione said urgently."Oh, of course! Here, I'll show you!" the blond witch jumped out of her seat and practically ran around the desk. "Follow me!" She bounced ahead of them, and Harry was sure that most guests didn't get led to their destination or that the security witch usually didn't leave her stool all day. The three of them followed obediently behind her, Harry wearing a smirk as Ron whispered to him, "Okay, you're right, being famous is kind of weird."The witch babbled along incessantly as they made their way to the lifts. Finally, once safely inside the golden grates, she paused her rambling and took a breath."What's your cat's name?" Hermione asked kindly. Clearly, she had listened to every word that she had said while Ron and Harry had both tuned her out easily. The lift slowly rose to the uppermost floor and the witch said "It's the first door on your right," with a smile."Wow," Ron said quietly as they watched her sink out of sight. "She was… talkative.""She was just excited, that's all," Hermione explained. Harry turned slowly to see that they stood in a sunlight corridor with high ceilings and a view of every floor below the barrier. The offices were arranged in a circle and following her instructions, they turned to the right and knocked on the first door that had a golden plaque labeled "Minister of Magic."Hermione led the way into the large office, where Kinigsley sat reading a long parchment behind a dark wooden brown desk. A fireplace stood empty on one side, and the other had a long filing cabinet stretched across the wall."Right on time!" he said cheerfully. He set the parchment down and stood to shake each of their hands. Hermione sat in the single seat opposite him and looked at Ron and Harry expectantly."Oh, right. We'll meet you by the fountain when you're done," Ron said, with his hand already on the door handle. Hermione nodded and turned to Kingsley before dropping her thick folder on to his desk.They made their way back to the lift and read the long list of floors on the side. Harry ran his finger along each level before reaching Apparition Test Center, level 6."Mr. Potter!" a loud voice squealed. He turned abruptly to see a short man running towards him, his purple top hat bouncing precariously on top of his head. "So good to see you again! Of course the last time we met, I wasn't sure if there would be a next time!" His message rang across the hall in a jovial tone, yet the implications seemed much darker. The wizard hardly noticed what he was saying, and pressed forward as he finally reached the two other wizards."You'll be happy to know that your relatives are safe and sound," he continued."Oh," Harry said without thinking, finally remembering Dedalus Diggle."Although, I don't think they warmed up to me even after all of that time together this past year. I was sorry to hear about your home, though, it was a terrible-""Wait, what happened to their house?" Harry asked, confused."You haven't heard from them? Well, some Death Eaters I presume attacked the house and about a third of it has caved in. I assume they're looking for a new house now, though I'm not really sure. We fell out of touch, I'm afraid," he paused his monologue to look wistfully into the distance. Before long, his head snapped back to stare at Harry intensely. "But how about you? No one really knows what the famous Harry Potter has been up to recently. I did read the article in the Daily Prophet that just came out, of course, I mean who hasn't but-""Actually," he interrupted. "We have to go, I'm afraid. But, it was nice seeing you Dedalus." Harry stepped into the open lift with Ron close on his tails and they both sighed in relief at escaping the overly excited man whose goodbyes could still be heard above them. Harry grinned at his friend and the two of them started laughing in the empty lift."I bet you the next person who recognizes you faints," Ron said through hysterical laughter."I bet they're silent for at least a minute," Harry said with a wide grin, desperately hoping they're shocked into silence instead of mindless chatter."You're on," Ron agreed as the lift door opened. They followed the signs along the empty hallways until they reached a door labeled Apparition Test Registration."Ready for this?" Harry said with a grin. Ron nodded, biting back his laughter. Harry did something that he hardly ever does, and brushed his bangs aside so that his famous scar was in full view. Ron opened the door and Harry followed him inside. Ignoring his surroundings, he marched up to the window where a man sat, practically asleep, whose glazed eyes passed over something that he read."Hello, the two of us would like to get our apparition licenses." Harry announced loudly, leaning on the countertop."Name?" he asked, turning around to get the paperwork. Harry glanced at Ron with a wide grin. Ron had his fist in his mouth to stop himself from ruining their bet."Harry Potter," he announced clearly, enunciated his surname. The man stopped shuffling at once. He kicked the cabinet closed and slowly turned around, gripping the two clipboards for dear life. His eyes darted to his scar in clear view, then back to his startling green eyes. Harry met his stare and refused to turn away."H-H-Here you go, s-s-sir," he said in a whimper. He handed the two clipboards with a shaking hand."Thank you very much," Harry took the clipboards and passed one to Ron and said "I win," into his ear, knowing full well the man was still staring at them. In fact, the two other people waiting in the room were both staring at them too. Barely suppressing their giggles, they filled out their information sheet before Harry took the filled out clipboards back to the desk, drawing all six eyes upon him."It'll be j-j-just a m-m-moment," he informed him. Sure enough, a few moments later, they were each called in through a second door where another wizard asked them each to disapparate into a square on the floor across the room. He hid his awe much better, and the two were done in less than a minute. As they exited the office, they finally let out their hysterical laughter and stumbled back towards the lift, not worrying about if they would get in trouble for disturbing their offices.Back at the fountain, they both sat on the golden rim and watched the witches and wizards bustle by, none of which looking up from their work to notice the two celebrities sitting a few meters away. None except for one, that is.A witch that was clearly headed for the lifts, stopped mid stride as she saw them talking and switched direction so quickly she really should have slipped. They both saw her out of the corner of their eye, and watched her slow down considerably once she neared them."Excuse me? Sirs? I'm Maggie Carneirus, reporter for the Daily Prophet. Can I ask you a few questions?" Harry, who was in a considerably good mood after winning a bet and finding everyone's obsession with him hilarious today, answered cheerfully."Tell you what, you can ask both of us questions until our friend comes back from her meeting," he said. Carneirus's dark eyes looked like she had just won the lottery and her curly black hair bounced in excitement."Wonderful!" she whipped out a notepad and thankfully, a normal quill unlike the one Rita Skeeter used. "Mr. Potter, what have you been up to this past month or so?" she asked eagerly, not wasting any time."Having the most amount of peace I've ever had, I reckon. I've been spending time with friends mostly, although they're really my family at this point," he answered honestly."Taking a well deserved break," she nodded and scribbled down his answer. "And Mr. Weasley, how about you?""Same," he replied leaning back, his cheeks turning red at the attention."What do you plan on doing next?""Well, I'm going to be teaching at Defense Against the Dark Arts at Hogwarts for a few days a week along with Bill Weasley. The rest of the week, Ron and I are going to be redesigning and leading the Auror Department." She nodded her head and scribbled furiously before looking up and asking another question. This routine passed for about five minutes until Hermione walked towards them happily from the lift.Harry stood abruptly and interrupted her next question by saying, "Looks like we're out of time. We have to get going now.""Oh!" the witch jumped as she noticed Hermione standing next to her suddenly. "Thank you for your time! Is there anything I can do for you?""Actually, do you happen to have a copy of that article about us?""Sure!" she rummaged around the bag at her side and withdrew three copies of the old paper and handed them over. "I'll send a copy of this article to you by owl once it's published, too.""That would be great, thanks," Harry said with a smile. He led his two friends out to the exit that would let them out in muggle London."Why are we going this way?" Hermione asked."I have a few places I want to go if you want to come with me," he said. As they stepped out into the sunlight, he glanced at the paper that read How Potter, Weasley, and Granger Saved the Wizarding World in giant bold letters with a picture of them someone must have snapped after the battle."Well that explains why everyone was in awe of us," Ron said looking at his own paper.

Thank you for all of the reviews, please keep them coming! And I can't believe more than 1,600 people have read this! Ron and Harry handed Hermione their copies of the paper for her to slide into her beaded bag before they stepped onto a bustling muggle street somewhere in London."How was the meeting, Hermione," Ron asked as he slipped his hand into hers and they followed Harry through the crowds, slipping between others to keep up with him."Good, actually. Kingsley is going to talk to the Australian minister tomorrow and he expects them to be able to find my parents within a week or so!" Her face had lit up as she talked and she seemed happier than she had been in a while."That's wonderful! You'll be able to fix their memories in no time!" Ron said encouragingly."This should be fine," Harry said in the lull of their conversation. He had led them to an alley in between two restaurants so that the only other thing there was a set of garbage bins overflowing with rubbish. "Come on," he hurried them up so that they could leave before he changed his mind."Where are we going," Hermione asked, yet she took his hand before he could answer."You'll see." Ron grabbed his other hand and Harry turned into the dark nothingness that suffocated them.They appeared at the end of a quaint village with rows of cottages lining the sides. Darkened street lights and full trees stood at uneven distances along the sides. There was a small church at the far end of the cobblestone road and a metal gate with vines crawling over it hid behind the building."Oh," Hermione gasped, instantly recognizing the street. Ron looked around in confusion, but marched after Harry who had already started to walk purposefully through the quiet town."It's Godric's Hollow, Ron," Hermione whispered to him and understanding flooded into his eyes. After winding through a sidestreet, Harry stopped before a gate hiding among ivy covered cobblestone walls. Hedges peeked out from above the walls and behind them stood a comfortable sized stone cottage missing a considerable portion of the second floor. When Ron and Hermione reached him, Harry plunged a hand into his pocket and pulled out a key inscribed with GH on it for Godric's Hollow. He fumbled with it out of nerves, but managed to sink the key into its lock and push the gate open, ignoring the sign with well wishes for him.He followed the stone pathway and kicked away the weeds taking over the front garden leading to the brown door. With a deep breath, he touched the door handle that glowed golden before settling to its dark brown just like the contract's ink had in Gringotts. He pushed the door and stood in the entryway gazing into the home's depths. Something was stopping him from stepping forward. Something prevented him from entering what was once his home, even though he can't remember it."Harry?" Hermione asked kindly from behind him. "Are you sure you want to do this?" Her hand slipped out of Ron's and she approached him. He nodded, his mind determinedly blank, and walked into what was the living room with Hermione beside him and Ron close behind. He heard the door swing closed as he admired the room.Light shone through the window panes, casting the room in a beautiful glow. A plush couch sat in the middle of the room facing the wall on his right where a beautifully grand fireplace stood between two matching armchairs. Harry approached the small circular table on the side of the couch and he picked up a frame. He blew hard on the dusty surface and watched the dust spiral off into the air before wiping the last remains off of the glass. Underneath was the most precious thing he had ever touched. His parents smiled happily outside of the very cottage where he stood, but it was fully intact. A man that could be Harry's twin stood with his arm around a beautiful young woman with flowing auburn hair. In her arms was a tiny bundle wrapped in a faint blue blanket and an inscription at the bottom that read in slanted letters 1 August, 1980: Welcome home Harry!He felt Ron next to him as he peered over his shoulder at the picture that showed his family, happy, before it was so ruthlessly torn apart. Ron picked up the second frame on the table and wiped off the thick gray coating to reveal a happy baby smiling at the camera with two tiny teeth in an otherwise empty grin. The baby was being held close to Lily's chest and she was kissing his temple where a few wispy strands of messy black hair were already visible.After swiping his sleeve across his suddenly damp eyes, Harry replaced his glasses and turned to the frame Ron held in front of him. He wordlessly passed it to him, and placed a warm hand on his shoulder as he stared at his former self that was lost from his memory. Hermione appeared from another room she was exploring and when she saw the two frames Harry held, she wrapped her arms around him and whispered, "You were such a cute baby!" He chuckled lightly, still mesmerized by the photos, and layered the two frames on top of each other so that he could hold them in one hand."Want me to put those in my bag?" she asked him."No, not yet," he said, desperate to hold onto something physical that proved that he, James, and Lily had once been happy together. That at some point in his childhood, he had been loved by a family. He walked along the edge of the couch and let his free hand brush through the dust on the fabric and he approached a bookshelf filled with old textbooks, parenting books, and some muggle novels he recognized by Jane Austen and Catherine Bronte. Little did he know the merciless teasing that Sirius had relentlessly said to Lily as she curled up by the fire rereading the same books over and over again. But, she never minded. "They don't even have a moving front cover!" Sirius had told her indignantly. She just rolled her eyes and kept reading.He moved into the small yellow kitchen with white cabinets and a small cream island in the center of the room."Hey!" Lily screeched as James snuck another taste of the raw cake batter that she was pouring into a pan. "Stop eating it or Harry will have nothing for his first birthday cake!" James backed away with his hands up slightly and stole a chocolate chip from the open bag. "Where is little Harry anyways?" he asked her as he swung himself up to sit on the counter, unknowingly in a small pile of spilled flour."He's upstairs napping," she said after sliding the pan into the oven. "Oh," he said, wiggling his eyebrows. "So it's just the two of us?" he leaned forward and pulled Lily towards him."Looks like it," she said with a roll of her vivid green eyes before she kissed him passionately.Through another doorway, Harry entered the dining room. A large glass window showed the beautiful woods with the sunlight glinting through the leaves and dancing on the floor as the breeze shook the trees. A light brown table stretched across the room and on the other side was a chest of drawers with a vase of long dead flowers on one side and a messy collection of goods on the other: quills, ink, random parchments with faint recipe titles, and a broken toy. Above the bureau hung a large image, still shrouded in dust colored mystery. Ron, who had just entered through the kitchen himself wiped off the image and Harry stopped his futile struggles to reach the top half.James and Lily stood in the center, side by side, both smiling gidley. Lily wore a beautiful white dress with a few small white flowers dotting her plaited hair and she held a bouquet of flowers wrapped in a golden ribbon. James wore sharp black robes with a matching bow tie and had his arm wrapped around Lily's shoulders with Sirius' hand on his own shoulder. Next to him stood Remus and Pettigrew, which Harry ignored, and behind them stood an older witch and wizard, both with black-gray hair and joyful smiles, which Harry took to be James' parents. His grandparents. Next to them on the other side stood two other elder people, who knew must be Lily's parents. Standing next to Lily were two young witches who he assumed were Lily's friends, yet he didn't know their names. One had a mass of curly black hair, the other had straight blond hair that barely reached her shoulders. Both wore grins caught in the middle of a fit of giggles. How could he not know even the names of his mother's friends?Harry leaned against the wooden table next to Ron and admired the image, careful not to let his gaze wander too far to the left where the short and chubby traitor stood hugging his so-called friends."No, no, no! Don't do that!" Remus cried as he grabbed the crayon from Harry's pudgy fist. "You can only draw on the paper!" he explained patiently to the baby sitting in his lap. "The world is his canvas, Moony," Sirius said with a smirk. He flicked his wand at the dark blue streak that interrupted the consistent brown of the tabletop and it disappeared without a trace. With Remus's hand showing him where he could draw, Harry continued to scribble furiously on the paper in front of him, trying hard to put enough pressure behind his crayon that a solid line appeared."These cray-owns are amazing!" Sirius said while happily drawing on another piece of paper."They're called crayons, Sirius. And I'm still amazed you passed Muggle Studies."After memorizing what his four grandparents looked like and recognizing Petunia's absence, Harry walked through the other opening in the room to find himself back in the front sitting room. Hermione stood with her back to him at the bookcase, reading the spine of each to herself quietly."Can you put these in there?" Harry said with a shaky voice, holding out the two pictures."Of course," she took them from him and carefully slid them into her bag. "D-Do you want to go?" She asked him, unsure of what he was thinking."Not yet. I want to go to one more room before we leave," he said, mustering all the confidence he could. Ron shrugged from behind him and followed his friend wordlessly towards the other side of the room. They climbed the steps along a wall covered in pictures of his parents from their Hogwarts days and once he reached the upstairs landing, he walked cautiously along the outside edge of the hallway."Don't step there!" he said fervently, his hand outstretched towards his friend as Ron placed a shoe in the middle of the landing. He froze immediately and moved his foot to the outside edge, mimicking Harry."Er… okay," he said. "Why?" Harry was still looking at the shoe shaped indent in the dust."J-Just don't," he said quietly, seeing the green light flash up the stairs and heard the maniacal laughter as his father dropped motionless to the floor of the landing. Ron nodded silently and Hermione walked along the opposite edge of the hallway. After another silent thirty seconds, Harry shook his head to clear away the image, and pressed on, now walking in the middle of the hallway past a few shut doors towards the last door of the row.The door stood open and a bright light shone in through the gap. Harry stopped just inside the room and before he knew it, he had collapsed to the floor with his hands over his face and let out the heaving cries he had been trying so hard to hold in. Instantly, Hermione sat next to him and rubbed a consoling hand across his back. Ron carefully lowered himself next to him too and said nothing, but instead looked around the room.Directly in front of them, a white crib sat with a few bars broken. The walls were painted a pale blue and a large H was stuck on the wall opposite them. The front wall was turned to rubble, as well as half of the opposite wall. In the corner hid a cushy rocking chair filled with stuffed animals and in front of it, a stuffed animal stag lay on its side. The one window that still stood intact had curtains with small broomsticks feebly moving across the fabric and a dresser below it, filled with more pictures.Time had no meaning to Harry and he had no guess as to how long he sat on the dusty carpet. Eventually, he turned his sobs into heaving breaths and eventually soft sniffles as he looked around the room, memorizing every centimeter."Harry?" Herrmione asked softly. "Do you want me to take a few of those pictures home?" She pointed at the dresser. He shook his head violently. He did not want to move a single thing from this room that had started it all."No, don't move anything," he said as he wiped his nose. She nodded and rubbed his shoulder again, not sure of what to say. What do you say to someone sitting in the room where he was meant to die? What meager words can comfort the amount of terror and loss traced back to this very room?"They loved you, mate," Ron said carefully. "All of them." Harry nodded and tried to stop the tears threatening to take him over again. Before another tear could fall, Harry stood abruptly, causing Hermione's hand to fall to the floor."Let's go," he said decisively, suddenly unable to spend another second in that room. Or that house. Ron and Hermione hurried after him, avoiding the landing, and they hurried back out the front door into the sunlight, and out of the front gate. Harry ignored the few glances that random strangers sent his way and practically ran back to the main road where he leaned against a wall and stared at the sky, catching his breath. Ron and Hermione jogged in his wake and slowed when they approached him."Wanna go back to the Burrow, mate?" Ron asked with a concerned look."No, I want to do one more thing while we're here. Then we have two more places to visit," he said, pushing himself off the wall."A-Are you sure?" he pressed."Yes. Just wait here, I'll be back." Without a backward glance at their shared look, Harry strode towards the kissing gate behind the church that marked the entrance to the cemetery. Remembering the general area that his parents lay resting, he headed towards the marble stone he recognized. The ground was now covered in light green grass rather than snow and Harry sat in front of the headstone without thinking. He raised his wand and mimicked Hermione's movement from last Christmas and created a small wreath of blooming flowers to decorate their grave.He let his hand drop to the grass and he gripped the dirt in a poor attempt to get closer to his parents. He knew that they had no idea that their son was a few meters away or that he had outlived the person they died to protect him from. He knew that they could not hear him, but he found that he didn't care. With a quick glance around the quiet field, he knew that he was truly alone and turned back towards the pristine stone."Hey Mum… Hey Dad," he whispered as a single tear fell from behind his glasses. "I'm still alive." He said even quieter. "I thought I would get to see you again in that forest, but I guess I'll have to wait… I hoped that I could see you again. I didn't really want to go back, you know, but I did... Dumbeldore said people needed me, so I-I went back, but I need you… I need you." He allowed himself to cry and didn't bother to hide or wipe his soft sobs. The salty tears fell into his lap and he gripped the grass harder than before."I miss you. I miss you and I can't even remember you. And I miss Sirius and Remus. I'm sorry they died… I didn't want them to and I wish I could've saved them," he rambled on, his tears still falling freely to the earth. "But, I did it. He's gone, Voldemort's gone it's just that… so are so many others and I know it's not my fault, I know that, but I still can't help feeling that at least some of it is." He paused and listened to the twittering birds flying above him and closed his eyes as the soft breeze hit his face."Ron and I are the heads of the auror department now. Well kind of. We haven't started yet. And I'm going to be a teacher, sort of. Hermione's going back to Hogwarts, but I'll still be able to see her every week… Besides, I'm sure McGonagall will let me go to Hogwarts whenever I want. I doubt I'd get in trouble 'cause I'm freaking. Harry. Potter." he said with a bitter and empty chuckle. He sighed heavily and made his way to his feet, still gazing at the headstone. "I'd better go, they're waiting for me. But I'll be back." He meant to turn away, but he couldn't stop looking at the marble grave. After another minute of silence, he whispered "Love you," and finally began to walk back towards the gate.Ron and Hermione were sitting on a park bench in front of one of the few shops on the street. They were lost in a conversation that came to an abrupt halt when Harry appeared in front of them."Here," Ron handed him a small brown paper bag. "It's a snack from that café over there. It's really good!" Ron held a crumpled bag in his own hand, and his lap was filled with crumbs."Thanks," he said, peering into the bag to find muffin waiting inside."Are you okay? Are you sure you don't just want to go back to the Burrow?" Hermione asked, looking up at him anxiously."Yeah, I feel… good actually." And he wasn't lying. After his rambling confessions, a heavy weight was lifted from his chest and suddenly it was much easier for him to breath. Harry sat next to her on the bench and pulled out his muffin. "It is a cute town, huh?" He said in between bites, admiring the thatched roofs and matching cobblestones."It's beautiful," Hermione responded with a faint smile."I would've liked it here," he said simply."I'm sure you would have." The three grew silent again, patiently waiting for Harry to finish eating. "Ron! You already had one!" Hermione scolded him when he reached across and pulled a piece off and plopped it into his mouth."But it's so good!" He said with his mouth full."It's fine Hermione," Harry said, genuinely laughing. "Here." He ripped off another chunk of the muffin and passed it to Ron before shoving the remaining few bites into his mouth. "Ready?" He stood and turned expectantly towards his two friends."Are you going to tell us where we're going?" Ron hesitantly asked as he stood and brushed the crumbs off of his clothes."Not yet 'cause you'd think I was crazy if I did." He held out his hands with a forced grin. Ron and Hermione shared a worried glance, but grabbed on nonetheless.

With a satisfying pop, they squeezed through the dark nothingness and appeared on another street, as different to the first as possible. This one had identical houses lining the street with perfectly manicured lawns, respectable cars all shined to perfection, and garden posts running neatly along the edges at exactly equal distances. The only visible similarity would be that one house had also been somewhat destroyed."You're right. I think you've lost it, mate," Ron said in awe, looking at the street sign that read 'Privet Drive.'"Why did you want to come here?" Hermione asked apprehensively."Well, one I had to leave some stuff behind last year so I want to see if there's anything that I might still want. Two, Dedalus told me at the Ministry that the Death Eaters had blown up parts of it, so I wanted to see that and possibly blow up more of it depending on how I feel.""Wicked," Ron whispered, a grin spreading across his face."Three," he paused and shuffled his feet uncertainly. "Well three is that you told me I tend to close up and not talk about my past and I realized that I-I think I'm finally starting to get that. So, I figured coming here might help me open up a bit." He shrugged and gazed at the building he had lived at for so long, yet he had never quite considered it a home. There was no car in the driveway meaning that the Dursleys weren't home. He knew that he should feel relieved, yet some part of him was disappointed that he wouldn't see them as an of-age wizard who was finally able to do whatever magic he pleased. He could have cursed or jinxed them all into next week and not get in trouble. Being close friends to the Minister of Magic and the Head of Laws Regarding Muggles certainly had its perks."Oh," Hermione responded in surprise, dragging him back to the present and out of his daydreams imagining which hexes he would first use against them. She opened her mouth, but closed it again shortly, deciding to follow his lead. Harry walked along the sidewalk that he had walked so many times before, but now with an air of purpose. He walked quickly towards the house when in the past, he had always dragged out the last block or two to stop himself from getting there too quickly. He ignored the faces he saw peeking out of the curtains as he passed by the neighbors and ignored the mother with her child crossing the road to avoid 'that Potter boy.'They approached the house and Ron stepped back from the door to allow Harry to enter when he chose. Harry withdrew his wand from his pocket, relying on Hermione and Ron to block the view from any muggles wandering behind him. With a whispered "Alohomora" the door clicked open and he turned the handle to enter the house.The front of the house was exactly as he remembered it. The hallway still stood with the light wood panels on the floor, leaving to the white door marking the entrance to the kitchen. Although, the kitchen door hung off of the hinges, giving them a view of the damaged half of the house. He walked through the gap and saw the once pristine living room and kitchen in shambles. It was blown into pieces and the rooms from above it had come crashing down, combining into one unrecognizable mess."That was the living room, right?" Ron asked excitedly pointing to the left."Yeah," Harry said, not really feeling any sadness at the destruction."Remember when we came through there before fourth year? And Dad had to blow up the fireplace and then George and… and Fred gave Dudley those treats?" he rambled on wistfully. Though his excitement broke at the mention of the twins."One of my best memories of this place," Harry said to lighten the mood again. He raised his wand and pointed it at the couch that still stood intact, although covered in shrapnel. With a quick flick, the couch flew into the air and came crashing down in two pieces with Harry smiling in the doorframe."How'd that feel?" Ron said grinning madly at him."Fantastic," he said smiling back. He raised his wand again, but Hermione pushed his hand back down."Don't," she said, biting her lip. "The neighbors could hear you.""It's part of the healing process 'Mione," Ron toyed while leaning casually against the hideous wallpaper."Just one more?" Harry pleaded with a childish smile."Oh fine. One more," she said, trying to stop herself from smiling. He swiped his wand through the air at the larger half of the couch and watched as it exploded into pieces of white fluff that came spewing out of the cushions."Wicked," Ron said in awe, mesmerized by the flying shrapnel."Why don't we look in your old room and see if anything is still worth keeping?" Hermione asked, eager to get away before Harry felt tempted to blow anything else up."All right," he conceded, accepting that she wouldn't let him destroy anything else. He led the way up the stairs that still stood and towards the hallway. At the beginning of the hallway, he could see that his room had miraculously not collapsed, but the master bedroom and the guest room had sunk to the ground floor leaving a gaping hole.His room was left standing on the outside, but clearly someone had gone through his belongings at some point, probably looking for clues as to where he was hiding. The barf green walls were as nauseating as he remembered and the tiny closet still stood even if the few meager belongings inside of it were flowing out of the open doors."It's just like I remember it from second year! Although, not this messy," Ron said as he kicked aside a crumpled up newspaper. The three of them walked around the small room, examining the contents littering the floor for anything of value."Do you want these?" Ron asked, holding up his school and Quidditch robes. He tossed them to Hermione to add to her bag."Ummm… sure, I guess," he shrugged then turned back to the newspaper he was uncrumpling. Hermione was sifting through the pile of textbooks and carefully slipped a few into her small bag and when none of them could find anything else useful, they headed back down the stairs. Ron started to walk back towards the front door and Hermione followed."Wait!" Harry called after them. They turned swiftly towards Harry whose hand lay on the stair banister as he swung himself around the last step. He ended up facing the cupboard door underneath the staircase and he saw the familiar gold metal slit in the door along with the two separate locks."W-What is it?" Hermione asked. She approached him cautiously, watching him run a hand through his hair with a hand lying on the door knob, clearly deciding on if he should really go through with something. To answer her question, he sighed and opened the door into his old bedroom. The tiny space still had the bed shoved into it and was surrounded by cleaning supplies threatening to topple onto the thin mattress at any given moment. He stepped aside and motioned for her to take a look, knowing she would put together the pieces that he did not want to say out loud. She ducked her head and peeked into the cupboard, quickly swiping her eyes side to side and seeing the odd mixture of a mattress with random materials."Why is there a …" Her question stopped abruptly as a realization dawned on her. She carefully stepped out of the closet to let Ron look in and she slowly faced Harry who continued to stare at his shoes."Harry… did you sleep in there?" she asked quietly."What!" Ron cried and he stood up too quickly, causing his head to collide with the doorframe. "No that can't be. That-That's…" He was going to say impossible, but the expression on Harry's face said otherwise and he realized if anyone was likely to have a child sleep in a closet, it would be the Dursleys."Yeah, up until I was eleven," he answered, still refusing to make eye contact. "Once I went to Hogwarts they got scared of me since I was a freak and decided to give my Dudley's second playroom out of the goodness of their hearts." He ended through gritted teeth. Hermione instantly regretted her insistence on stopping Harry from blowing up more of the house."That's... awful," Hermione said in shock. Ron's mouth was hanging open and he sputtered incomprehensible nonsense as his face grew slowly redder from anger."Let's get out of here," Harry said quickly, wanting to be done with his 'opening up' phase. He pushed through his two friends who still stood gaping at him just as the front door slammed open with a bang and a round man ran into the hallway brandishing an umbrella as a sword."GET OUT OF HERE YOU FILTHY BURGLA-" His dire warnings stopped mid phrase when he saw the black haired teen and his umbrella dropped limply to his side."What is it, Vernon?" Petunia emerged from behind the towering figure, her face still pale in fright from the unknown criminals who broke into their already demolished house."You!" Vernon cried, staring at Harry angrily and drawing Petunia's attention forward towards her nephew. His finger shook accusingly and his thick moustache quivered. Dudley walked in through the door frame at the commotion, but instantly froze at the sight of his cousin."Me," Harry responded dryly. His wand was already out and he pointed it over his uncle's shoulder who cowered at the piece of wood. Harry sent a blast of wind past them and the door shut with a satisfying loud bang."YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO USE THAT INSIDE MY HOUSE!" He screamed out of habit more than anything."Or what, Vernon?" Harry asked with a grim smile and he twirled his wand between his fingertips, purposefully allowing sparks to spew from its tip. How satisfying it is to channel his anger and distraught onto the family who caused so much of it."You-You made him live in a bloody cupboard!" Ron shouted back fuming, finally finding his words. He approached the man, his own wand drawn menacingly. Ron leaned towards him and pointed his want directly at his nose, Harry grinning in the background. Petunia cowered behind her husband and Vernon attempted to draw himself up to his full height, but the impressive act was weakened by the fact that he was visibly shaking and that Ron was taller than him. Dudley attempted to slide towards the front door without being noticed, but Harry shot menacing red sparks in his general direction and calmly said, "I wouldn't do that if I were you." Dudley froze with his eyes wide. He crossed his arm again and eyed his cousin curiously."Ron," Hermione warned, pulling at his arm. "Don't do anything rash." He shrugged her off easily, his wand still pointed at Vernon's bushy mustache."Ron," Harry said quietly. With a glance at him, Ron backed away towards the horrible wallpaper and stood right behind Harry, still fuming and staring at him through squinted eyes."Bad timing, Vernon. Right when I told them about the cupboard, you decided to barge in," he said mildly, still deciding on what to do. He never actually thought that he would run into them considering the house was essentially in ruins."Barged in? BARGED IN? THIS MY BLOODY HOUSE BOY," he screamed at him, spit flying everywhere. The volume alone would have been enough to send Harry back in fear years ago, but now he had all the power and they both knew it."What are you doing here anyways?" he asked, completely unphased by his outburst."We are moving since this house is collapsing! All thanks to you I'm sure!" Vernon sputtered at him, though his voice dropped considerably since Harry had started to hold his wand in clear view again."It is NOT Harry's fault!" Hermione shouted from behind him. "It's your fault that he had such a terrible childhood, you-""We never wanted him! It's not our fault that his stupid freak parents went and got themselves killed-""Oh, now you've done it," Harry said coldly with a dark chuckle as he raised his wand slightly. Petunia stepped into view and looked at Harry oddly. Harry faltered, simply out of surprise that she came out of hiding."You're still alive," she stated simply."Wow, you catch on quick," he replied with a roll of his eyes."Don't you take that tone with-" Vernons started again."Shush!" Petunia said, slapping his arm. "So… so… it's over? You… you killed that person?" Harry looked at her curiously with his head cocked to the side. He glanced over his shoulder to see Ron and Hermione as dumbfounded as he was."Voldemort? Yeah, he's gone," Harry said, noting the lack of jump at the name."But you killed this- this- this person?" Vernon cried incredulously. Harry nodded, deciding not to explain how multiple people had actually each killed separate parts of his soul. That explanation might break his pigeon sized brain."That's it. I will NOT have a murderer in my home!" He threw the umbrella at Harry who instinctively froze it midair barely after it had left his hand."I wouldn't do that if I were you," Harry said coldly. He strode towards him with confidence, enjoying the further fear that he instilled with each step. "Yes I killed him because he had killed hundreds of others and would have killed hundreds more. I saved your good-for-nothing lives, and you will have to learn how to be in debt to a freak like me." Vernon stood silently fuming and eyeing the umbrella still floating in front of him, not daring to move."Hestia and… and that Dedalus person said that you're famous," Dudley mumbled from the corner of the entrance hall. Harry turned slowly towards his cousin, who somehow had managed to shrink slightly over the past year, and was still attempting to fade into the wall."Yeah, and?" Harry said. "That delightful piece of information wouldn't have stopped you from punching me or starving me or making me sleep outside or … all the other crap." Harry said, turning back to his aunt and uncle and deciding to stop listing things after catching sight of his friends' looks of horror."You ungrateful little-" his mouth continued to move, but no sound came out. He clutched his throat in horror and Harry turned to see Hermione lower her wand with a grim smile of satisfaction."Nice one," Ron said, admiring her spellwork as if they were back at Hogwarts. Petunia frantically looked at her husband and shook his shoulders."Put him back! Put him back to normal!" she demanded."Not yet," Harry responded, unable to stop a grin from forming. Finally, he knew how to get the Dursleys back. They hated anything out of the ordinary and wanted nothing but respect from their neighbors. With that in mind, he flicked his wand and muttered an incantation under his breath and painted the inside walls a bright neon red and gold. His spell was certainly rough around the edges and the corners were not straight, but it got the job done. Ron grinned and high fived him. Petunia gasped in horror and Dudley looked around in bewilderment. Vernon's eyes grew tiny and he strode forward with his hands outstretched, still mouthing apparent threats.Harry sent up flying backward into the coat rack with a lazy flick of his wand and Petunia's hands flew to her mouth.Harry strode to the door, hearing his friends follow behind him, and stood in the driveway next to their shiny black car. He pointed his wand at the outside of the house and made the exterior match the inside with red and golden stripes. Hermione raised her own wand and added obnoxious glitter everywhere and caused glitter to spew out of the doorframe when the Dursleys walked out of it, covering them in golden sparkles."Care to decorate their car, Hermione?" Harry said having the absolute time of his life. She turned to the glistening exterior and Harry watched the sparkly and helpless Dursleys gape as their pristine and respectable vehicle turned hot pink with flames down the side. In bright neon green, she wrote 'Dursleys' on the back and front hood with Ron clutching his stomach out of laughter."See you around," he said, hoping that it was not true. Harry forced himself to point his wand at Vernon and undid Hermione's silencing charm before he took a hold of Ron and Hermione's hand and twisted in place, determined to never forget the looks on the Dursleys faces.Harry could taste the salty air and the wind whipping through his hair. Waves crashed in the distance and the sound of childlrens' laughter combined with the cries of the gulls. They had appeared on a grassy hill in the safety of the trees so that none of the muggles heard them come."Did you see their faces?" Ron asked, still laughing. Harry joined in and froze their stunned faces in his mind, relishing in their utter helplessness."Why did you take us here?" Hermione asked, suddenly serious, breaking through their mirth."What?" Harry said, forcing his raucous laughter to die down. She repeated the question and failed to keep a straight face at the memory of painting his car an irreversible neon."Oh, not sure to be honest. The Dursleys would just always come here on day trips and they never brought me along. I've always wanted to come though," he added thoughtfully."Then I'm glad we came," Hermione responded."Wait, so you've never been to the beach as a kid?" Ron asked incredulously and Harry shook his head."Why don't we walk along the water, then? It's a beautiful day out," Hermione suggested. Ron led the way towards the hill's edge and started to make his way down. "What did you do when the Dursleys came here?" she prodded and began to follow Ron."Oh, well, it depended," he answered honestly, still trying to force himself to open up to his two closest friends. "Sometimes they'd-" he was interrupted by a shriek as Hermione's foot slipped in the loose sand and she slid forward. She fell into Ron and the two of them slid all the way down the hill, landing in a heap. Harry jogged down the hill towards them and found Ron sprawled on top of Hermione, laughing hysterically, both with sand covering their skin and hair."Sorry!" Hermione cried apologetically from underneath him. His only response was more loud peals of laughter. Harry grinned down at them and offered his hand to Ron to help him off of Hermione, but his eyes were squeezed shut in laughter."Get off of me, Ron!" Hermione said giggling and she tried to shove him off. Her shoves did nothing and after giving up in her struggles, she laid there in the sand waiting for Ron to get a hold of himself."Move it, Ronald!" she said again, feigning sternness. Ron complied and shifted so that he lay on top of her even more and his chin rested on her shoulder. Hermione leaned over and kissed his sandy cheek. His head popped up, a bright red, and he grinned like a love-struck idiot before kissing her on the lips, not caring that Harry stood bewildered beside them.With a roll of his eyes, he shoved his hands in his pockets and walked towards the waves. He busied himself by finding the smoothest stones he could and attempting to skip them across the water, but for some reason, he was never quite that good at it. Eventually, Ron and Hermione appeared behind him hand in hand, both red in the face."That was pathetic," Ron commented. He picked up another stone and threw it across the water so that it skipped four times before falling into the waves."So… er… you were saying?" Hermione said with a sheepish grin. "About what you did when the Dursleys came here?""Oh, yeah, er… just that it depended." Hermione looked at him curiously, prompting a further explanation. "Well, sometimes they'd lock me in the cupboard or my bedroom, but if they didn't, I'd watch whatever TV show I wanted or use one of Dudley's games or eat whatever I wanted. Stuff I usually wasn't allowed to do.""That's messed up," Ron said with a shake of his head."And earlier, you said they starved you and made you sleep outside sometimes?" Hermione prompted, trying to keep her hair out of her face from the wind but miserably failing."Er… sometimes, yeah. Like if Dudley had a sleepover when I was younger and he didn't want me there, then they'd just dump me outside and leave me to my own-" he stopped mid-sentence and stiffened as the freezing water had crept up on him while he was distracted. "That is freezing!"Ron quickly removed his shoes and socks and threw them further up the sandbank. Without a hesitation, he stepped backward into the water so the waves lapped at his calves. "It's not that bad!" Before Hermione could press him to continue telling stories of his dreadful upbringing at Privet Drive, Harry kicked off his own shoes and forced himself to follow Ron into the water. Tentatively, he felt the water with his hand and flicked it off of his fingers, accidentally getting some on Ron who was wading further into the ocean in front of him.Ron turned back around and splashed a bucket-full of freezing water straight at Harry who stood drenched and shocked as the water came down around him. He retaliated with a grin and doused Ron from head to toe in the water, who merely shook it off like a dog and ran around Harry, splashing him with his long strides."Come on 'Mione!" She was standing with a grin watching them two from the safety of the sand bank. But she couldn't seem to help herself. She placed her shoes and socks carefully next to theirs and rolled up her pants carefully before making her way into the water, careful to stay away from Ron and Harry who were both trying to splash each other even more. She watched them mess around in the cold waves without a care in the world and rolled her eyes as Ron tackled Harry and they both fell into the waves.A wave crashed above them and she couldn't see Ron's bright red hair through the white bubbles. Worried, she struggled against the currents towards their direction and looked everywhere for a sign of them."Hey!" she shrieked when they rose up from the water next to her with a splash, both wearing giant grins. They turned as one towards her and saw her curly hair collapsing under the weight of the water and her clothes stick to her sides. She was as drenched as they were. Ron and Harry started to chase her through the waves, splashing her mercilessly, as she stumbled through the water with her hands covering her head. Finally, she gave in and splashed them back. None of the other muggles at the beach would think anything of them. They were just three teens playing in the ocean, perfectly content.The Burrow's front door swung open to reveal Ginny whose eyes widened at the sight of the three of them."What the…" she trailed off. They each carried their socks and shoes into the house, past Ginny who still stared after them. The sun was well on its way down now, meaning Mr. Weasley was home from work and was sitting at the couch reading a newspaper. He glanced up at them and his gaze stuck, matching his daughter's."What did you do?" He asked, his voice full of accusation."Nothing!" Ron said quickly. Mrs. Weasley strode into the room, her wand behind her ear."Uh huh," he said, disbelieving with a shake of his head."No really! We just went up the coast for a bit!""Really?" Mrs. Weasley said, matching her husband's tone of incredulity."Yeah! After the ministry, Harry kept apparating us places and the last one was the coast!""It's true, Mrs. Weasley. I promise," Harry confirmed."Well…" she began, unsure of what to say. She wasn't used to dealing with innocent children. "Go shower before dinner and you can tell as all about where you went while we eat." And they did just that. They skimmed over what happened at Godric's Hollow quickly, but spared no detail when it came to their encounter with the Dursleys. When they described the Gryffindor colors, the glitter, and their car, everyone was laughing heartily. George laughed for the first time in weeks and his sunken eyes had a small inkling of the mischievous spark that had disappeared since May 2nd.Thank you all for reading this far! Please please please leave some reviews, I love reading them!

"Hey Dromeda!" Harry greeted as he stepped out of the swirling green flames."Good morning, dear," she walked into the sitting room, a bag already slung over her shoulder. "Thanks for watching Teddy for a bit.""Of course," he shoved his hands into his pockets, watching the witch bustle around the room collecting things to put into her bag. "I'll be back in about two hours. Teddy should be waking up any minute now. I have his food laid out in the kitchen so you can feed him when he wakes up, then just play until I get back. Easy enough?""Yup, sounds good," Harry nodded, making a mental checklist. There were only two things. He can handle that."All right, then I'll be off. Let me know if you need anything," she waved over her shoulder and stepped outside before turning on the spot and disappearing from sight. He hadn't heard any cries yet, so he walked around the back of the couch and collapsed into, rubbing sleep from his eyes. The same couch that he had woken up from the night he left Privet Drive about a year ago, he couldn't help but think. That's over now, he told himself firmly. Yet the flashes that lit up the dark night sky could not be erased from his memory.Barely a few seconds after sitting down, he pushed himself off and walked into the kitchen where he saw a tiny bottle, already full, waiting for him. He wandered around the house aimlessly, trying not to look at the pictures on the wall of her family, all who had passed during the war. Eventually, when he heard the soft cries of a newborn, he hurried into the room and saw the baby on its back with a toothless smile and two chubby hands holding one of his feet at an angle that only babies can achieve."Hey buddy," Harry said softly over the edge of the crib. Teddy's hair was a light brown that perfectly matched Lupin's, but as he became more awake, it began to turn a light blue that matched his bedroom walls. Reaching over the bars, he picked up the baby and held him in his arms like Dromeda had instructed him to, careful to support his head. Did she say to feed him right when he woke up? Harry bit his lip, trying to decide. Teddy just stared at him, completely unaware of the decision making process."Are you hungry, bud?" he asked, not really expecting an answer, but thinking that an answer would be nice nonetheless. Teddy continued to stare at him. "You'd probably start crying if you were hungry, right?" Making a decision, Harry walked to the center of the room where a playmat was laid out and he carefully set his godson down and he immediately grabbed his feet again. Harry pulled a box full of toys towards him and held up the colorful rings, watching his tiny fist grab and hit the dangling shapes."I made you some tea," Ron approached Hermione with a warm mug and sat on the chair next to her just outside the Burrow. She looked up from her newspaper with a smile and murmured 'thanks.'"Is there honey in here?" she asked after taking her first sip."Er… yeah. You always add honey so I figured that's just how you like it, but if you don't-""No, no, I do like my tea with honey. I'm just surprised you knew, that's all," she told a blushing Ron."What are you reading?" Ron asked to change the subject from his awkwardness."That article about us in the Prophet. I still have your copy too if you want.""Sure," he said and took the identical paper that she held out. Side by side, they read the summary of what had happened over the past year with Ron snorting occasionally."What?" Hermione finally asked, unable to see what was humorous about what happened."Listen to this: 'Harry Potter led the wrongfully accused muggle-borns into a lift, still guarded by his powerful stag patronus and he, along with Ron and Hermione, made their daring escape out from under the clutch of corruption.'" He read aloud from the paper in a dramatic voice as if he was telling a ghost story, making Hermione giggle."Harry is not going to like all this," she responded ruefully."Tell me about it, the noble git," he added as an afterthought."Just wait until you reach the end. Here: 'He circled You-Know-You slowly, yet clearly in control with his wand ready to strike at a moment's notice, knowing that history was watching his every move.'" She matched his melodramatic voice and shook her head at the end. "So dramatic.""You know, he'd always say that it sounded cooler than it actually was." Ron looked off, lost in his thoughts, and Hermione gazed at his freckled cheeks before turning back to the paper."Okay! Okay! I take it you're hungry now!" Harry picked up the screaming baby frantically and walked as fast as he dared into the kitchen. He tried to bounce the baby gently to calm him since he had seen some parents do that in the park, but nothing seemed to work."Shhh, it's okay, here we go," he said quietly to the crying child, attempting to uncap the bottle with one hand. He carried the two onto the couch again and sat Teddy on his lap so that his back was pressed against Harry's stomach. Teddy thrashed against him with his pudgy hands stuck in the air and Harry had to wrap an arm around the baby just to keep him upright."Here! Drink it!" he said, trying to get the bottle into his mouth. Once it was finally in between his tiny lips, he squeezed the sides slightly to let some of the formula out. Just as he squeezed it, Teddy thrashed again and sent the bottle flying out of his hands and a small stream of liquid squirted onto Teddy and Harry. He whipped out his wand and the bottle came flying back towards him."Come on, Teddy. Aren't you hungry?" he mumbled, trying again to put the bottle to his lips. Eventually, he accepted defeat and realized he needed help. Carefully, he set Teddy onto the carpet at his feet, far away from anything else, and hurried to the fireplace where a bag of floo powder sat. He got on his knees and stuck his head into the green flames, hoping someone would answer his pleas. Barely a minute later, Ginny stepped through the swirling fire and took one look at Harry's formula-dripping face and started to laugh hysterically."Ginny!" he said pleadingly through her giggles. "He won't eat! I've been trying for forever now!""Okay, okay," she said, getting a hold of her contagious chuckles. She walked over to the still crying baby and picked him up tenderly. She cradled him close to her chest and in a soothing voice, eventually got him to quiet. Wordlessly, he handed her the bottle and he began to drink calmly. "There!" she declared her victory."Babies drink lying down?" he asked incredulously. She turned to him with a skeptical eyebrow raised."Yeees," she said, drawing the word out and trying not to laugh again. Harry's mouth formed a small 'o' in realization. She just shook her head at him and continued to bounce Teddy in her arms until he wouldn't drink any more. "Now we have to burp him," she said matter-of-factly. She lifted him up so that his head rested on her shoulder."Don't you need a towel or a rag over your shoulder?" Harry asked."No," she replied confidently and patted his back. He burped quickly and sent saliva dripping down her back."Eww! Teddy!" Ginny cried, immediately holding him out at an arm's length, causing more saliva to fall on her sleeves."Told ya," Harry said grinning."Shut up, Potter," she said, rolling her eyes. "Just clean this up." He pointed his wand at the floor and then her shirt and siphoned away the liquid."I hate not being able to do magic yet," she complained as she brought Teddy back into her arms. "It's so frustrating!""You almost can though," Harry responded, sitting next to her on the couch, no longer caring about his past experiences with it. She nodded, but her attention was brought back to Teddy as he grabbed her finger. They sat fawning over the adorable baby until a faint pop meant Dromeda had returned outside."Hey 'Mione?" Ron asked hesitantly after she had turned back to flip through the newspaper."Hmm?" she said absentmindedly, her eyes darting across the pages."So I know that we're, you know, a thing now," he began uncomfortably. Hermione looked up from her paper, clearly amused at his awkwardness. "But, do you want to… I don't know… go get something to eat sometime?" He looked at her hopefully, still wringing his hands. Hermione grinned at how nervous he was even though they had kissed multiple times and technically slept together."Ronald Billius Weasley, are you asking me on a date?" she teased."I wish you didn't know my middle name," he groaned and slumped into his chair. "But yes, yes I am. What do you say?""I'd love to," she said and leaned over to kiss him. "Besides, I wanted to ask you if you'd come to Australia with me whenever Kingsley finds my parents.""You want me to go with you?" he said and he leaned back to be able to see Hermione fully."Yeah, if you're willing to. I think it would be nice to have someone there for me," she admitted quietly. Ron looked at her, still confused on his purpose on the trip. "My parents had a strict rule that I was never allowed to do magic on them, and then I went and erased their memories, made them move out of the country, and basically made them miss a year of their lives." Tears were forming from the corners of her eyes. "They're going to be so mad and-and… and what if they don't forgive me?""Oh 'Mione," he said softly, pulling her onto his chair and hugging her. "I'm sure they'll understand once they know what happened. You did it to keep them safe." She sniffled loudly and rested her head on his shoulder."I mean, I know they won't forgive me instantly, but I just hope that our relationship isn't completely ruined!" She wiped her eyes, appreciating the relief she got from admitting to her fears."You're their daughter. Parents can never stay mad at their kids for that long. Look at Percy! My parents forgave him the second he apologized!" She nodded and gave a watery smile."Yeah… yeah. You're probably right," she said, trying to convince herself. They sat there silently comforting each other, enjoying the warmth of the sun until the house suddenly grew louder."Sounds like Harry's back," Ron said smiling. "Come on, I have an idea." He pulled Hermione up by her hand and they walked back into the Burrow. Ginny and Harry were both hunched over with laughter, but the second the back door squeaked open, Harry stopped abruptly and swung around with a hand already reaching for his wand. He relaxed as quickly as he had tensed when he saw them, and Ginny let out a final chuckle before falling silent."How do you guys feel about a lunch hike and picnic?" Ron asked them, still holding Hermione's hand."Sure!" Ginny said excitedly. "We can hike up to the Lovegood's!" The trio exchanged a nervous glance."Er… yeah. Maybe," Harry rescinded uncertainly, quite sure that they would not be walking there."Hang on, I'll go get George. A walk outside would be good for him," she responded decisively. She sprinted up the stairs, leaving Harry with only a trace of a flowery perfume."George?" she barged into his room to find him sitting by a box of old prototypes. He looked up at her expectantly. "We're going on a hike and having a little picnic. Wanna come?""No thanks." His head drooped back down, but Ginny wouldn't leave. Instead she sat on the bed next to him and leaned towards him."It'll be good for you to get out of the house for a bit, yeah?" A tear slid down his face and he just shook his head mutely."He wouldn't want you to be sad, George," she said softly, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. "He'd probably just make some joke that there's no length of time respectable enough to mourn him." He smiled faintly and looked at the wall directly ahead of him."You don't have to come if you don't want to," she said and stood from the bed. She ruffled his hair lightly and walked to the door. Surprisingly, she heard the bed heave and knew that George had stood afterall.An owl appeared right outside the kitchen window in front of the slices of bread Harry had laid out for sandwiches. It tapped the closed glass impatiently until someone noticed him and gratefully flew into the room over Harry's head. The owl landed on the counter and allowed him to remove the letter, this time enclosed with a different official looking seal.To Mr. Harry Potter,An official would like to come to your current place of residence on this Thursday at two p.m. too read the will of Mr. Remus John Lupin who regretfully passed away on the second of May. Please send back a letter notifying us if you have an objection to this date or time, or if we will see you then.Harry quickly wrote back a quick response that this time will indeed work for him and sent the owl on its way. With a pang in his chest, Harry let his head fall back and ignored the stinging at the edges of his eyes. His heart ached at the vision of Teddy with his grandmother and at the surprise of one of his losses being brought up so suddenly. Slowly, he went back to the slices of bread to sandwich them together, thinking of his favorite Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.The sun shone down on the quiet hills and the grass swayed gracefully in the breeze. Ginny stood at the top of the hill they were climbing, looking down at them impatiently. When they finally reached the peak, Harry dropped the blanket he carried onto the grass and the two of them spread it across the ground while Ginny kicked pebbles onto the edges to keep it from flying away. She then flopped onto the blanket and began pulling out their hastily made sandwiches while Ron and Hermione joined her. George stood a little ways away, his hands in his pockets, looking wistfully at the Burrow and the surrounding fields."Hey," Harry said as he walked over to him."Hey," he responded automatically."Do you want to talk?" Harry continued to look forward, following George's lead."It's been almost a month. Just a bloody month," he said bitterly. "And everyone is trying to go back to normal." Harry's eyebrows furrowed, but he continued to look forward."No one's back to normal," he contradicted gently."Well maybe for you. You're not used to having a happy family or…" George's anger disappeared as quickly as it came when he realized what he was saying. Harry had turned harshly towards him, his eyes blazing. "Sorry," he muttered, silently cursing himself. Harry forced himself to smile blankly and turn back to face the Burrow when really, his insides were reeling. But George needed him."You're right. I'm not used to this," he said vaguely, wondering if he meant having a family or a life of relative peace. Probably a mix of both. "But no one is back to normal," he reaffirmed. "Hermione still has nightmares. Ron talks to her late at night about missing Fred. Ginny is constantly practicing Quidditch alone when she used to hate not being surrounded by people. I barely get any sleep. No one is perfectly happy yet, George." He hung his head and took a deep breath before looking up again."I miss him," he said softly into the wind."I know," Harry whispered. "I do too."Please leave reviews! And thank you all for reading my story.

This is a shorter chapter, but I really wanted to include it anyways, so here we go:His eyes furrowed, Harry sat hunched on his bed staring at the blob of yarn that refused, for the fifth time, to turn into anything useful. He had followed all of Hermione's instructions, but it simply would not cooperate. By his seventh attempt, he had managed to create a roughly rectangular strip of crochet, so he decided to add little tassels on the ends by hand, having already grown far too frustrated by using his wand. After wrapping it as best he could in paper, he collapsed into his bed and instantly fell asleep."Well of course you're scared, Harry!" Sirius whispered in the darkness of the kitchen at Grimmauld Place, careful not to awake the others. "In fact, I'm glad you're scared.""What- Why?""It means you're human. Voldemort is growing stronger and we're on the edge of a war where, like it or not, you will probably be forced to play a part in. How could you not be scared?""But, I'm a gryffindor! I'm supposed to be brave!""You're incredibly brave. You know what's coming and you're still here, ready to fight instead of running or hiding. There's a difference between courage and reckless stupidity, Harry- a line that your father walked very carefully." Harry looked down at his hands and paused."Was he scared too?" he whispered."We all were. James, Lily, Remus, me, all of us. We were just kids fighting in a war that was much bigger than ourselves, not unlike you," he finished kindly. "Now, I insist that you try to go back to bed now. At least get some rest, okay?" Harry nodded and followed Sirius out of the kitchen door towards the stairs. Suddenly a green light flashed across the scene and Sirius had fallen through the doorway and vanished from sight.Harry's eyes snapped open and he shook his head to clear himself of the vivid images swirling in his thoughts. He took deep and calming breaths to slow his thumping heart and looked across the room to see Ron and Hermione just starting to stir in the morning's pale glow."Mornin'," Ron yawned in his general direction. He had an impressive bedhead that could be rivaled only by Harry's. Harry grunted in return, his eyes downcast, and they groggily began their morning routine."Happy Father's Day, Dad!" Ron said cheerfully. Mr. Weasley looked up from his mug of tea with a large grin and wrapped an arm around his youngest son who gave him a kiss on the cheek. Ron dropped a handmade card in front of him before sitting in between him and Hermione. Hermione wished him a happy father's day too and forced a smile to her lips, but her happy facade slipped the moment Arthur looked away. She clung to her warm mug and took a shaky breath while staring into the cup's depths, desperately trying not to think of her own father.Harry didn't notice Hermione's odd behavior because he was busy acting strange himself. He was sitting across from Mr. Weasley, fidgeting in his seat as George and Ginny both joined them at the table after dropping their own cards in front of their Dad. Mrs. Weasley found herself an open seat and started to spread jam across her toast before passing the jar along the table. When they had all eaten and Ginny stood to begin washing her plate, Harry sucked in his breath and decided to just do it. Get it over with and see what happens."Er…," he said awkwardly, "Happy Father's Day, Mr. Weasley." Arthur looked up at him warmly, having just set down his fork."Why thank you, Harry," he said smiling and radiating joy."I got you a little something," he continued. Mr. Weasley's eyes widened to the size of galleons as Harry rose his wand and a striped package came zooming down the stairs and into Harry's hand."Here," Harry slid the poorly wrapped gift across the table towards him and Mrs. Weasley's eyes turned to those that could rival a puppy dog's. Her hands were placed one over the other, covering her heart and she looked between Harry and her husband adoringly. Mr. Weasley tore open the paper and dropped it unceremoniously onto the table beside him. Ron was looking over his shoulder, clearly confused, and Harry watched Mr. Weasley, anxiously looking for any detectable response."Is this a battery powered car!?" Mr. Weasley cried, as excited as a five-year-old on Christmas morning."Yeah. It's a remote control car. You use the toggles to drive it around. I can show you how if you want," Harry said, relieved that his gift had been well-received."Magnificent! This is remarkable! Thank you Harry!" He eagerly inspected every side to the box, his face glowing in excitement."Of course. I'm glad you like it," Harry responded genuinely. He watched Mr. Weasley with a grin and held back a laugh when Ginny and George both squinted in confusion over his shoulder, much like Ron had. He met Hermione's gaze and she smiled faintly, knowing they were both amused at the reception that a toy could have."And, er…," Harry said, bringing the attention back to him as he shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "I know that we missed Mother's Day last month 'cause of… everything, so here." He flicked his wand again and a second lumpy package soared down from the stairs. "Happy Mother's Day, Mrs. Weasley." She took the package with a watery smile and brought Harry into a bone crushing hug before she had even opened it."Thank you, Harry," she whispered into his ear. Wiping her eyes quickly, she opened the wrapping paper carefully and pulled out the peach colored scarf. She held it out in front of her and before she could say anything, Harry interrupted."I wanted to make you a jumper, like you always make for us, but I couldn't really get it down, so I just made a scarf instead. I know it's nowhere near as good as yours, but..." he bit his lip in apprehension, not really sure how to end his rambling. Mrs. Weasley placed it around her neck and pulled Harry into another hug."I love it, Harry. Thank you." Finding his courage from somewhere, Harry looked her right in the eyes."Thank you, Mrs. Weasley. For everything." He turned towards Mr. Weasley who had looked up from his new toy to watch her open her gift. "You too, Mr. Weasley.""It's our pleasure, Harry," Mr. Weasley responded for the both of them. Mrs. Weasley seemed unable to speak because tears continued to fall silently down her cheeks."I hope those are happy tears?" Harry asked cautiously. She laughed and nodded before pulling him in for a third hug and then taking her plate up to the sink, still wearing her new scarf. Mr. Weasley stood and joined her, still wearing a warm smile."Thanks a lot, mate. Way to raise their expectations," Ron said grumpily, slouched in his seat."I've never done anything for them before!" Harry defended himself."Still." Hermione remained uninterested in their pointless bickering, and at the sight of her slumped figure, they both fell silent at once."I'm sure Kingsley will find your parents soon, Hermione," Harry said quietly."And how do you know that?" she snapped."He said he would," he replied simply. He stood and began to carry his plate up to the sink and let Ron comfort her. He seemed to be better at it anyhow."I get how you feel, 'Mione. But-," Ron started."No you don't.""Yes I do," Harry snapped back indignantly, turning suddenly. He regretted his intrusion immediately, but Hermione's stone-like expression softened considerably. After running a hand through his hair and muttering an apology that he was sure no one could hear anyways, Harry continued walking into the kitchen to give them space. A heavy stone seemed lodged in his throat as a new wave of sadness crashed over him, dousing the joy that had burned just minutes before."Harry! Can you come here? Dad can't figure this car thing out!" Ginny called from the living room. With a deep breath, he plastered a smile back onto his face and ignored the emptiness that had crept inside him that he knew was impossible to fill.

The damp grass pressed into the back of Harry's shirt, but he didn't mind. He relished the feeling of relaxation for no real reason, just because he could. Ron and Hermione were still out on their first official date, leaving Harry to wile away his hours in peace. The rush of Ginny's broom was barely audible in the distance and a few bangs broke through the silence from George's window with occasional smoke spewing out into the hazy sky. Harry stared at the dismal clouds, relieved that he didn't have to lay in a bush of flowers to find a mere moment of peace like he used to. Finally learning to control his thoughts (a little late for that, he thought to himself), Harry pushed away any dark image that still haunted his every move and focused instead on the blissful relative quiet."Harry, dear!" Mrs. Weasley's voice shattered his clouded thoughts. "She's here!" Harry forced himself to his elbows and checked the watch from his seventeenth birthday that Weasley's gave him."It's not even two yet!" He called back over his shoulder. When he heard no response, he flipped to his stomach to see that Mrs. Weasley was long gone from the doorframe. With a heavy sigh, he pushed himself to his feet, brushed off the grass, and walked heavily into the Burrow."She's waiting for you in the sitting room, dear," Mrs. Weasley informed him. He nodded and walked through the hallway into the small room. He barely had time to open the door before someone had grasped his hand and shook it heartily."Mr. Potter! I am honored to meet you! Simply honored," a short witch beamed up at him. She had straight black hair that fell just past her shoulders and matching bangs with dark brown eyes. She wore clean pale blue rubes and was currently gazing at Harry expectantly and in awe."Er… hi. Nice to meet you too," he responded politely, fully aware that he didn't even know the witch's name yet."I'm Malinda Huang and I'm here to read Mr. Remus Lupin's will," she let go of his hand and took a step back, but her gaze never faltered. It flickered between Harry's eyes and his lightning bolt scar, but it never faltered. "And I know that I'm dreadfully early, but another meeting of mine was cut short and I must admit, I was quite ecstatic to meet you. Hopefully I didn't interrupt anything important.""That's all right, I'm not busy," Harry conceded and turned towards the couch, mostly to get his scar out of her line of sight. He sank into the forest green cushions and was forcefully reminded of the last time he was read a will on this very couch."Well, then I suppose we can get started!" she said, much too cheerfully for a reading of a will. "I already spoke with an Andromeda Tonks, who a significant portion of his and his wife's belongings were left too since she currently has custody over his son." She cocked her head and looked up from the document she had just pulled out of her briefcase. Harry nodded at her, guessing she wanted a confirmation that he was listening."Good, good. Let me just find you here," she ran a finger along the page until it stopped a little more than halfway down. "Here we are! Okay, 'To Harry James Potter,'" she began to read with no pause or preemptive measures. "'I bequeath a vial of memories, marked 'For Harry J. Potter' to be used in a pensieve, which I know he has experience with.'" Harry could practically see Lupin's knowing smirk at Harry's frequent and unallowed falls into its silvery depths. "'With them, I hope he can see his parents' true and remarkable characters that he has regretfully never known.'" Again, Malinda Huang dug through her briefcase and dumped the single vial onto the table in between them, unaware of its importance. Harry leaned forward slowly and picked it up; it was warm to the touch and filled with a silvery-blue substance that danced under the light. He clasped the glass eagerly, desperately wishing to delve into memories of his parents that weren't from Snape, yet also somehow desperately wanting to save them for later. Seeing them needed a special and private moment for sure, but what if the anticipation exceeded the reality? What if his expectations were already too high? He should wait, he decided quickly, to lower his expectations drastically. But then again, when had Remus let him down? The familiar rock of guilt settled into his stomach as he recalled fond memories with his ex-professor and how he had died, all because of him."May I?" Malinda's voice shattered his inner monologue and he jumped, forgetting for an instant that someone else was in the room. He nodded hastily and carefully set the glass vial on the couch next to him. She cleared her throat and raised the paper again. "'I also leave to Harry James Potter, my box of saved letters for him to read through at his pleasure.'" She set a brown cardboard box on the table absentmindedly with one hand. "'I urge him to read through them in the order that I have left them in and hope that he can forgive me for not giving them to him sooner. My poor excuse is that I often like to read through them too as an escape into my Hogwarts years.'" Malinda looked up from her sheet and carefully folded it, her eyes still eager and absorbing everything about Harry."I am also supposed to make an apology for the delay in the reading of the will. I hope that you will understand that it took longer than usual given the influx in recent deaths as well as a backlog of mishandled wills during the past year," she recited without having to think."Yeah, er… no worries," he responded and stood from the couch. He shoved his hands in his pockets and watched the shorter witch rise from her seat and grab the handle of her briefcase. When she straightened, she turned abruptly towards Harry with a smile and blurted out matter-of-factly, "My nephew simply idolizes you, you know." No, Harry thought cheekily, I did not know nor do I plan on knowing your nephew. Instead, he attempted to respond with as much civility as he could manage."Really…," he muttered awkwardly."Oh yes," she said, taking his statement as a question. "He's starting Hogwarts this year and I reckon he'll come straight home if he's not in Gryffindor." She looked at Harry and nodded her head, as if this was the most obvious thing in the world. The fact that they had met just moments ago did not seem to cross her mind."Maybe I'll see him, then. I'm going to be teaching a few classes this year," Harry responded, accepting that the news would get out at some point anyhow."Really! How wonderful! Alex will be so pleased- that's his name, Alex. You know, he practically wants to be you- of course, don't tell him I said that- but, I will tell him that we met. I'll be seeing him next week actually!" How anyone could want to be him was beyond Harry. Why would someone voluntarily have their parents murdered and be targeted by the most evil wizard in Britain's history? Why would anyone voluntarily give up a doting family for the Dursleys? Why would-"Again, it was an honor to meet you, Mr. Potter," she said, ending his spiraling thoughts. She held out a hand towards him, and regretfully he withdrew his own hand from his pocket to shake hers."Thank you for coming," he replied politely. She stole a final look at Harry and made her exit out the front door before apparating off of the doorstep. After hearing the faint pop, Harry returned to the couch and his new belongings. Carefully, he lifted off the lid from the small box, and took the first piece of parchment that sat on top.Dear Harry,If you're reading this, it means I did not survive the war. But it also means that you survived, so it was all worth it. Now, I know what you're thinking because I have had the immense pleasure of getting to know you. You're probably feeling guilty that somehow, my death or anyone else's death is your fault. I need you to understand that it is not. Consider it a parting gift to me that you release yourself from any guilt. As Dumbeldore said, you are the best hope we have. If I died during battle, it would be because I was fighting for a better world. Something I believe in and chose to do. I just hope that you get to enjoy the new world considering the large part you had in creating it. I am aware that I am about to sound like a complete hypocrite, but I have some guilt of my own weighing me down that I desperately want to get off my chest. I am terribly sorry for letting you grow up with the Dursleys in your childhood. Even though I am not your godfather, nor did I ever have a stable income, I wish I had not let Dumbeldore persuade me that you would be safer with them. I am also terribly sorry for not staying in touch with you more, especially after Sirius' death. I was probably the only person who could relate to how you felt after losing yet another loved one, and I should have been there for you. Speaking as your Ex-Defense Against the Dark Art Professor, I am extraordinarily proud of everything that you have accomplished. Even if I don't know what you've been up to this past year, I do know what you have done in the past and it is more than any witch or wizard can say for a lifetime. Speaking as your parents' close friend, I am so proud to have gotten to know you. You are an exceptionally bright and kind person, unwaveringly loyal, and (much like your father) a keen trouble-maker (which, I will admit, is always needed at Hogwarts). Basically, you are a true Gryffindor and a near-perfect combination of your two parents. Speaking for your parents' whom I've known for years, they love you and are even more proud than I can ever put into words. You were our joy in the midst of the first war, and you were our hope in the midst of the second.It's tragic that you never got to know your parents personally, but hopefully these letters and the memories that I will eventually bottle up will allow you to meet them in some form. Much love,Remus Lupin (aka Messr Moony)He reached the end of the letter and didn't realize his eyes were suddenly quite moist. The heavy guilt settling in his stomach lessened slightly, and Harry shook his head in disbelief at how well Remus knew him. He skimmed through the writing again, and felt his chest swell at the compliments. After setting the letter to the side carefully, he greedily withdrew the next in line, eager to meet his parents like Remus had suggested.Ignoring the noise growing inside the house as more of the Weasleys returned home, Harry tore through letter after letter until the box was empty. He read James' frantic letters about what if they ran into Evans at Diagon Alley that summer? What should he do? ("Probably say hello, you sodding idiot" was Remus' reply) And Lily excitedly asking Remus if he was made head boy so they could work together ("I wasn't, and you probably won't like who was"). Lily begging Remus not to tell his friends that she may or may not have feelings for one James Potter ("I won't, but can I be there when you do tell him? Someone should catch him when he faints"). James incessantly asking Remus to come 'save him' from the horrible Christmas party his parents were having ("My Mum dragged me out of my room to socialize with a bunch of the elderly elite, Moony! Although, I suppose some of it's my fault; I really should have locked my door."). Feeling completely inappropriate for after just hearing a will be read, Harry couldn't help a grin come across his face as he read through their last years of Hogwarts together.After hours that slipped by like minutes, Ron poked his head into the room. "There you are! Come on, Mum's mad thinking we're going to be late.""Oh, right," Harry started at hearing another person's voice, having been submerged in the past. "Let me just-""WE'RE COMING MUM!" Ron shouted over him. He shook his head and muttered darkly to himself. Harry hastily replaced the letters into the box and carefully set the memories on the table next to it where it couldn't roll off and followed Ron into the living room where the rest were already assembled. Mr. Weasley was already standing in the fireplace and just as Harry slipped through the doorway, he disappeared into swirling flames. One by one, they filed into the bricks and with identical destinations in mind, were coughed back up into the Gryffindor Common Room.Before the Gryffindors had any time to appreciate the novelty of being back in their second home, Mrs. Weasley stepped out onto the fading carpet and immediately clapped her hands and marched to the door. Harry trudged in the back of the procession, shuffling his feet while gazing around the castles and noticing the distinct lack of holes and rubble of the walls. In fact, it looked relatively similar to how he remembered it- except for less suits of armor lining the halls. Ron and Hermione walked just slightly ahead of him, both dazed at the drastic difference that had taken place within the past month and a half. Without realizing it, they had fallen considerably behind and Mrs. Weasley regained their attention with a sharp clap of the hands. Their heads snapped forward instantly and they hurried down the steps towards her as she led their way into the Great Hall.The familiar candles floated above them, illuminating the room with their white flickering lights dotted among the first stars that had appeared in the sky. The house tables were nowhere in sight and had been replaced by one large oval table which witches and wizards were already standing around it, chatting amicably."Sorry we're late," Mrs. Weasley called to announce their arrival. "Someone apparently did not hear me screaming his name for five minutes." Harry grinned as Ron elbowed him in the stomach, leaving no doubt as to who her not-so-subtle hint was for."Not to worry, Molly! Kinglsley only just arrived himself!" McGonagall responded cheerfully, embracing the much shorter witch. "Have a seat," she briskly commanded. Harry followed behind his two friends towards the far side of the table where empty chairs waited for them. As Harry passed the witches and wizards, he waved and nodded his greetings to those he recognized. Bill and Fleur were already sitting, as well as Charlie, Percy, Kingsley, Flitwick, Hagrid, Sprout, Madame Pomfrey, and a few others that he did not recognize."Mr. Potter, how excellent to meet you!" One of those select few said as he sat down across from him. He was getting rather tired of that seemingly common phrase and he forced himself to not roll his eyes dramatically. "I'm Drissel Albright, new Potions Professor," he announced.Er… hi," Harry responded uncertainly. These eager introductions were getting no easier. "This is Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger," he said motioning to them."Of course I know them!" he replied, astounded that Harry could accuse him of such a thing. Harry couldn't quite tell if he was joking or not, though. But, as his thin frame leaned back in his chair slightly and he shook his head, showing off a small bald patch, Harry decided that he was, in fact, astounded at the allegation."Nice to meet you," Hermione said politely with a smile. She was determined to make a good impression on any and all new professors; after all, she would be a student this year."Miss Granger, I hear you're returning to Hogwarts," another unknown witch commented."Yes, I am," she confirmed."Well then, I'm sure we'll get to know each other as well. I'm Laranya Khatri, new Ancient Runes professor.""Oh, what happened to Professor Babbling?""She decided to retire after the war," she inclined her head respectfully, and her thick dark hair fell over her shoulder which she quickly flicked away. "I must admit, I was very pleased to hear you'd be returning. I presume you're continuing Ancient Runes?""Definitely, I find the subject fascinating!" Hermione engaged in a lengthy conversation with her, while Harry and Ron were content to listen occasionally and talk amongst themselves with Ginny and George. From the few quick sentences he caught, Harry learned that Professor Khatri is the new Head of Slytherin, which he never would have guessed given her warm brown eyes and charming smile.Professor Khatri eventually excused herself to use the loo and meticulously laid her silverware beside her plate. Kingsley watched her turn out of the doors before excusing himself from his own seat and briskly filling Khatri's."Hermione," he said quietly, drawing the attention of all three of them. "I have good news." Hermione's eyes widened and filled with hope. "The Australian minister informed me this morning that they located your parents so-""Really?" Hermione shrieked and her hands jumped to cover her mouth, but her eyes never left the minister. He nodded, smiling himself. "Thank you, thank you, thank you! When can we go? And how are we returning because-""I assumed you wanted a few days to get ready, so I'll set up a long-distance portkey to leave in three days. I'll send it along to the Burrow tomorrow along with all the information that the Australian minister gave me," Hermione nodded mutely, drinking in every word he said. "As for how to return, I presume you know how to make a portkey, Hermione?""I know the theory, but I've never actually done it," she said quickly."Well, if you use the same object it will be much easier so just do that for whenever you want to return." Hermione nodded fervently."Thank you so much, Kingsley. Really, it-""Of course, Hermione. It was the least I could do." He smiled at the three of them before walking back to his own seat for when Khatri returned. Hermione grabbed Ron's arm and the two of them began quietly planning for their trip, their excited whispers carrying to Harry.Somehow the topic of the Daily Prophet arose somewhere in their second course, and just as they began to fill their plates with delicious food that had appeared in front of them, Ron smirked knowingly and asked Harry, "Did you ever read that article about us in the Prophet?"His mouth full, Harry shook his head before swallowing."Probably for your own good," Ron mentioned off hand."Why?" his eyebrows furrowed in confusion."Knowing you, you'd hate it," he hinted again, being as evasive as possible. At this point, Ginny broke off her conversation with George and they both joined theirs."Why?" He asked with an edge of annoyance."'Cause you're a noble git.""Can you two tell me what this is about?" Harry asked, rolling his eyes and instead focusing on Ginny and George."They published a... er…. A very dramatized story of what happened," Ginny said carefully. Harry raised his eyebrows and cocked his head. "Well, they just made you sound like the absolute hero rather than a stubborn prat.""Fantastic," Harry managed through gritted teeth. "And I presume they didn't talk about you two that way?""No, they lost their flowery writing with us, thank Merlin. But, they did downplay the Ministry's or Prophet's role in everything," Ron answered."Naturally," his voice dripped in sarcasm."Oh!" Ginny interrupted and practically jumped out of her seat and her fork clattered loudly, drawing more attention to their side of the table. "Say the prophecy again. The part about dying and surviving," she commanded Harry."And either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives," he recited easily from memory, but still clearly confused as to where Ginny was going with this."Well…" she said slowly, a grin spreading across her cheeks and ignoring the fact that the majority of the table was staring at her. "If the only way you can die is at the hands of Voldemort" (the professors jumped at the name) "then does that mean you're immortal?" Silence rebounded around the room; no one was sure if she was being serious. Except for Harry and Ron who both began to laugh."How did we not think of this Ron!?" Harry asked after his laughter had died down considerably."I don't know, but I reckon we should test this theory," Ron grinned."Oh, definitely," Harry responded mirthfully."Wait a moment, you two don't actually believe this, do you?" Hermione interrupted worriedly."Won't know until we find out," Ron said cheerfully, causing Harry to choke on his pumpkin juice. She eyed them suspiciously. "Just joking 'Mione," he conceded, although disappointment was etched across his face."Good. You two need to keep an eye on Harry when we're in Australia, then," she commanded Ginny and George."Yeah, we will," George responded with a small mischievous glint."Yeah, we have to make sure there's witnesses when he tests it," Ginny said quietly after the adults of the room had returned to their own conversations. Again, Harry choked on his pumpkin juice and Hermione threw another disapproving glance at them."I read the Prophet article about you three," Albright said leaning towards them dramatically, not noticing his sleeve brushing the top of his food. Regretfully, Harry turned away from Ginny to face him and what he was evidently going to say no matter if they cared to hear it. "I enjoyed it immensely and saw that you also did another small interview with Mr. Weasley here, but I rather think you ought to do more.""More of what exactly?" Harry asked to fill the awkward silence that persisted after his statement."More interviews, of course! You must know that everyone is dying to know every little thing about you at the moment. It is prime time to capitalise on this publicity! Make some money off a book or-""I don't need money," Harry interrupted, no longer caring how rude he came off as, because unlike Hermione, he did not have to make good impressions with any professors."Well, no, but you must consider the public!" He persisted, leaning even more into his food. "Don't you think they deserve to learn your full story? That you have a responsibility as a leader in the public eye to comply with what the public wants?" Harry glanced at the others and saw mostly confusion matching his own at how on Earth this man, who they had just met, decided to tell him what he really should be doing. Ginny crossed her arms resolutely and Hermione gave him the patented Granger glare."No, I don't," Harry finally responded bluntly. "I think I've done enough for the public and I'm rather tired of any responsibilities that people seem to think that I have." Albright seemed to realize that he had crossed a line and hurriedly responded, leaning back in his chair again with his hands up."Oh no, no, no. I apologize, I clearly came off too strong. Of course you've done so much for the Wizarding World," he paused, clearly waiting for Harry to accept his apology. "I was very pleased when I read you were awarded the Order of Merlin- all of you, that is. You definitely deserved it. You know I was awarded an award for services to the school at one point, too, but of course…" he trailed off, clearly hoping for a compliment or gratification of sorts- all of which they refused to comply with."Er… right," Harry said blandly and filled his mouth with delicious food to give him an excuse not to respond further."I did have one question actually," Albright persisted, quite unaware of the uncomfort he was causing. "When you were inside the Lestrange's vault, looking for the horcrux, why didn't you consider- I'm sure it was probably just the heat of the moment and such- but why didn't you consider the glacius charm to counteract the flagrante curse?" He cocked his head in feigned curiosity at the trio, clearly expecting them to be stunned at the revelation, yet he had clearly never met Hermione Granger."Well we certainly considered it, Professor. But, that charm would hardly prove useful whatsoever," she brushed her thick hair behind her ear and leaned forward to see past Ron and Harry. "Sure it might make the objects less hot in the surrounding area, but how would that counteract the flagrante curse that burns to the touch? And would it not just set off the gemino charm even earlier than it did before?" She stared at him determinedly and the rest of the Gryffindors shoved their knuckles to their mouths to bite back the laughter and Albright's astounded expression."Well… that is certainly a good point, Miss Granger," he conceded resentfully. "Did I hear correctly that you're returning to Hogwarts this year as a student?" She nodded briskly. "And may I inquire as to which house you are in?" He asked coldly."Gryffindor." Clearly he did not read that article too closely, she thought since her background and house were mentioned in just the second paragraph."Really? I would have guessed Ravenclaw, like myself. You see, Ravenclaws tend to think critically about these sorts of things rather than Gryffindors who-""The Sorting Hat did consider putting me in Ravenclaw, but it clearly decided Gryffindor was a better choice," Hermione cut him off promptly, earning a few hastily hidden snorts and chuckles. Professor Albright fell silent and abruptly turned to his other side to engage in another conversation, leaving the Gryffindors to chat amongst themselves eagerly.When the dessert course ended and the sky above them was filled with twinkling stars, they rose from their seats to say their goodbyes. Hermione instantly hurried to Kingsley to offer her immense gratitude once more, and Harry and Ron followed behind her awkwardly, standing slightly to the side."It was a pleasure getting to know you all, and I look forward to class with you this coming year, Miss Granger," Professor Khatria said kindly, her hands clasped properly in front of her. Hermione blushed a fierce scarlet and muttered her response before the Professor turned to Ron and Harry (who still stood near the wall with their hands in their pockets) as Mr. and Mrs. Weasley approached to march them back to the fireplace. "I suppose I'll be seeing you again soon as well, Mr. Potter, since Professor McGonagall informed me that you are teaching weekly. Hopefully we'll meet again at some point, Mr. Weasley." She nodded to each of them and her golden earring swung forward. Mrs. Weasley watched her leave, her eyes slowly growing thinner. Once she was sure that any new professors or relative strangers had left, she rounded on the two boys."I still don't like you not finishing Hogwarts, Ronald." Her arms were crossed and her glare was reminiscent of the morning after the twins drove the flying car back in second year."I already have a job, Mum. A good one, at that," he answered rolling his eyes."Honestly, you'd think she'd be happy for me. I am a head auror," he said mutinously under his breath."Co head auror," Harry chided back, following the group back to the Common Room."Yeah, yeah. Whatever."Thank you so much to everyone who has reviewed my story! I absolutely love reading them, so please keep 'em coming! To the anonymous reviewer who requested some Dumbledore bashing, I'm planning on having some in chapter 19, so stay tuned! And to all of the other anonymous reviewers, thanks for reading and please review more chapters, it really makes my day.

"Muggle money… clothes… wand… Kingsley's note…""You already checked the trunk upstairs, 'Mione," Ron interrupted her rambling list."Wizarding money… phone…" she continued as if no one interrupted her."Why did you get that thing again?" Ron looked curiously over her shoulder at the black flip phone that she had shoved into the corner of the trunk. She flicked her hair behind her shoulder without looking at him."To communicate quicker," she said if it were obvious to everyone before returning to triple checking their trunk."Why do you need that foam?" Ron asked Harry instead, who was watching them from the couch next to Mr. Weasley who currently held Harry's matching flip phone in his hand, clearly attempting to memorize every aspect of it with a bemused Ginny."First off, it's a phone, with an 'n.' And 'cause we can talk in real time without having to wait for an owl. It's a lot easier," Harry insisted after Ron's dumbfounded face did not show signs of any revelation."Plus, I'm assuming my parents' have one too so that way they can call me if they… if they forgive me," she faltered and Ron stood quickly to comfort her, but she waved him off and pressed on. She shut the trunk closed with a loud thud and turned to Mr. Weasley, still engrossed in the little buttons. "You know, you should get one Mr. Weasley. Then you can talk to Ron wherever he is, or your other kids if they get one too.""I have been thinking of trying to convince Molly," he admitted, his eyes full of wonder. Mrs. Weasley came down the stairs, followed by George and Arthur hastily handed Harry's new phone back to him."Start saying your goodbye's, the portkey will be leaving in a few minutes now," she instructed and pulled her youngest son into a tight embrace before Harry could even push himself off the couch. Hermione turned to him with an anxious expression, but did not pull him into a hug."You have my number, right?" she asked."Yes, we already tested it out," he said, restraining from rolling his eyes."We'll be back well before your birthday," she peered carefully at him."I know.""Call us if you need anything.""You too." She nodded and finally stepped closer to him and wrapped her arms around his shoulders."You'll be okay without us, yeah?" she whispered. He risked rolling his eyes now since she couldn't see him."Yes, Hermione. I'll be fine." Try as he might, he failed to keep the amusement out of his voice. She pulled back abruptly and fixed a stern look on him."And I'm sure you'll be fine too," he added before she could scold him. Her gaze softened and she bit her lip with worry. "Call me tonight to tell me how it goes, okay?" She agreed with a faint smile and walked over to Ginny."See you, mate," Ron said cheerfully, gripping his shoulder."See you. And if you use her phone, don't scream, okay?""Make sure you talk loud enough so I can hear you.""You really have no idea how to work a phone, do you?""Not in the slightest." They both grinned and watched Hermione say her much longer goodbyes. Molly embraced her, then pushed her away towards their trunk and the cracked picture frame on the table. Ron stepped forward and grabbed them both. Hermione laid her hand on the frame and a few seconds later, a pale blue light filled the room and they disappeared with the sound of a strong gust of wind, leaving only a trace of Ron's reassuring smiles.The familiar hooking sensation left their stomachs as the pair appeared nearly on top of a shrub. While they did narrowly dodge it on their landing, Hermione could see why Kingsley sent them to this particular place. The thick bush was closer to a hedge, and nearly covered their heads. Surrounding it were bushy trees to further block their sudden appearance from unwanted muggle eyes. After the nausea had faded, Hermione brushed her windswept hair out of her eyes and nodded once briskly."Right. Kingsley said we'd arrive near a decent hotel and that it should be obvious to find. Let's go have a look around." She picked up one end of the trunk while Ron grabbed the other and they slipped out from behind the foliage. Sure enough, the instant that they stepped out, a large neon sign across the street declared the building a hotel."Well, that was obvious," Ron commented shrewdly. They awkwardly made their way across the street to the muggle hotel and while Hermione's eyes were focused on the check-in desk, Ron's wandered around the building, taking in every aspect of the curious non-magical abode. A white circular couch was in the center of the lobby with a fountain of tall green leaves and flowers shooting out from the center. Other white chairs were arranged around tables throughout the room, sandwiched between two large maple desks at opposite ends, one of which they were approaching now."Good afternoon," Hermione said brightly to the woman behind the desk. She wore a crisp white shirt and a silver name tag labelling her as Sophia. Her blond hair was pulled into a low ponytail and her pink painted lips were stretched into an automatic welcoming smile."Good afternoon to you as well! Welcome to Seafair Hotel. My name is Sophia, how may I help you today?" she cheerfully recited from in front of a boxy computer."We would like to check out a room, please. We're not sure for how long yet, but my guess would be around two weeks." Approximately fifteen minutes later, their room's door was shut behind them and they stood in a small hallway with the trunk still between them. The room was pretty standard: a small bathroom on the right, a closet on the left, and the bedroom straight in front. The pair dropped the heavy trunk against the wall near the navy blue bed and Hermione collapsed onto its plushy surface, hands covering her face.Bewildered, Ron sat gingerly next to her on the edge and thought desperately of something to say."Hermione, what's wrong?" he asked simply to start the conversation somewhere safe."I can't do this I can't do this I can't do this I can't…""What?" His voice was heavy with apprehension. Apparently, years of her enigmatic hints as to what she was thinking gave Ron no help as to interpreting her panicked state."I can't do this, Ronald!" she cried out, throwing her hands wide across the bed."What do you mean?""I can't… I can't… I mean how… What…" She groaned loudly, unable to articulate her thoughts which worried Ron even more. Hermione never had trouble saying exactly what she was thinking."Just take a breath, 'Mione," he advised quietly. She followed his advice and her chest rose and fell slowly."I can't reverse the charm. I just can't. I mean, what if they hate me? What if they never want to speak to me again? What if something went wrong and they never even remember me? What if they never forgive me? What if I lose them?" Her fears came tumbling out and her face grew a deathly pale. Ron sighed and flopped onto his back beside her. She continued to look resolutely at the ceiling, but Ron propped himself on an elbow and looked directly at her."First of all, there's no way anything went wrong with your charm. That's pretty much impossible with you." She gave a faint smile to acknowledge she was listening, but it slipped from her face as quickly as it came. "Second, yeah, they might not be too keen on you the second they realize what happened, but they'll come around. You're their only child, Hermione. Do you really think they could lose you?" Hermione turned onto her elbow too and her thick curls fell against her arm."Ron, I completely betrayed their trust," she said bluntly."That doesn't change the fact that you did it to protect them or that you're family. Family always forgives.""How can you be so certain?""Look at Percy. He was an absolute git, but Mum still invites him to dinner every week.""I just… what if-""No more what ifs," he cut in firmly. "Whatever happens will happen and it'll be better to know than wondering forever." She nodded slowly. "Hermione, you're a Gryffindor! You are the brightest witch of the whole bloody school! You destroyed a horcrux! You dueled death eaters! You saved me and Harry way too many times to count! You can do this!" Hermione giggled in spite of herself and felt a smile creep onto her face.A pale blue light filled the room and they disappeared with the sound of a strong gust of wind. Mrs. Weasley let out a breath that she had been holding and stared at the spot where they disappeared from before walking back up the stairs. Mr. Weasley returned to his abandoned newspaper. Ginny turned to Harry with one word on her mind: "Quidditch?""Sure," he agreed. George silently trudged back to his room while the pair walked outside into the hazy light and under the gray clouds. Kicking off from the ground, they soared through the air, careful to stay below the tree tops, both relishing the wind in their faces and the freedom of flying. On one end of the makeshift pitch, Ginny tossed a dull red quaffle in one hand and smirked at Harry with her eyes squinting in concentration. She tucked it under one arm, leaned forward against the broom, and shot towards Harry's end. He gripped his own borrowed broom tightly, waiting for the moment when she decided to dart to one side and he saw her flicker towards his right. Immediately, he somehow knew it was a fake and he pelted in the other direction chasing after her. He was an arm's length away and she slowed slightly before throwing the quaffle straight at the hoop before he could catch up to her. The quaffle soared forward and he caught it easily before it reached its peak and tucked it under his arm in turn."You hesitated, Weasley!" he called."And you're not my captain anymore, Potter!" She shouted over her shoulder."Hey, who do you reckon will be captain this year?" Her teasing grin dropped slightly and she tossed her long red hair back over her shoulder."I don't know. I was kind of hoping to be captain, but you one of our other beater's could be too.""Who? Peakes?" She nodded. "No way, beaters are hardly ever made captain. You're a shoo-in!" With that, he darted forward and began an incline to soar above her head, the quaffle still in tow.Approximately two hours later, when a distraught Hermione had calmed down, they went back to Sophia at the desk and asked for directions to a street called Whitsunday Court and they were on their way. Hermione had pulled her hair into a braid down her back and slung a brown purse over her shoulder that at first glance could barely hold her new cell phone. However, it held a map, her wand, money, the paper, a bottle of water, and Kingsley's information. Ron stored his own wand in a pocket hidden in his jacket, and together, they walked hand in hand down the Australian sidewalks.Ten minutes later, they entered a residential area and the cement was replaced with grass; the stop signs were replaced with trees; office buildings with houses. Each house was dotted with a uniform black mailbox, but that was all the unified them. The walls were painted various shades of brown, gray, or blue and the yards in front clearly had a whole spectrum of tidiness and care. Finally, they rounded the last corner and came to the house labeled number 16. They stood outside it on the driveway, just inside the small whtie fence that barely poked above the ground containing a well-tended flower bed filled with white and orange rose bushes. It was a single story home covered in terracotta colored bricks and a gray roof with windows outlined in white. A small hedge led the way towards the door and that is where Hermione's gaze fell. Ron squeezed her hand, but said nothing. She would go when she was ready.With a small nod, she followed the dark green shrubs to the door and knocked decisively before she could contemplate her decision too carefully. Sounds could be heard from inside: faint talking and the squeaking of feet against wooden floors. The door swung open to reveal a pale man with dark eyes and light brown hair that was slightly graying. He wore a cardigan over a plaid button-down shirt and his pale lips were arranged in a polite smile."Hello," he said, confused at the sight of two apparent strangers."Hello," Hermione responded unsteadily, faltering at the look of unrecognition in her own father's eyes. "You're Wendell Wilkins, right?""Yes, but I'm terribly sorry. I don't want whatever it is you're selling." He began to close the door."Oh no! We're not selling anything." The door paused and reopened a sliver. "I'm sorry, this is going to sound incredibly rude, but do you mind if we come in?""How can I help you?" he insisted without stepping aside. Hermione bit her lip and made a quick decision."One moment." She dug through her small purse and quickly tilted her wand above the purse edge to point at her father and thought Confundus. His eyes glazed and his head rocked back once before coming to a stop at a neutral position again. Before he could speak again, Hermione politely interfered."You were just about to invite us inside, Mr. Wilkins." Her wand had already disappeared from sight."Ah, yes, of course." He stood aside and shut the door behind them."Is your wife here? Monica Wilkins?" she asked quickly before the charm wore off."Yes, right in here." He led the way into a cozy sitting room where a woman sat on the light brown armchair sipping some tea. Her dark brown eyes matched her hair. Her bangs covered her forehead and the rest was in a high ponytail that barely reached the base of her neck."Wendell, dear, were you expecting guests?" she asked lightly as she set her teacup on the table beside her."No, just some people stopping by," he responded and sat at the couch near her. The charm was slowly wearing off and Hermione could see the confusion of why he had led two apparent strangers in his home return."Hello, I'm Hermione Granger and this is Ron Weasley." She motioned towards Ron standing a bit behind her and hesitated at the odd feeling of introducing herself to her own parents. "One moment, please," she said again after regaining some confidence and opened her purse for the second time. With a significant glance at Ron, who gave her an encouraging smile, she withdrew her wand and pointed it at the pair of them. Ignoring their bewildered expressions, she twisted the wand counterclockwise and watched their faces go blank. She hastily returned her wand back to her purse all the while, praying to Merlin that their memories are restored properly so that they remember everything that happened in the past year, but also what had happened before.Their eyes returned to focus and Hermione peered at them anxiously, biting her lip and willing herself not to cry. Her father came to first, and he froze on the couch moving only his head to and fro, trying to register what had happened. Her mother's eyes settled on Hermione who stood silently before them almost instantaneously, her hands clenched in fists. She stood from the chair and her gaze didn't leave hers."Hermione?" she said softly, half a question and half a statement. Her daughter nodded and started forward with her arms outstretched, but her mother took a step back defensively and automatically. Hermione's arms dropped and she let out a trapped breath. Her eyebrows were scrunched together, trying desperately to prevent any tears. "Hermione. What happened." she demanded sternly after another silent minute. "Are we… in Australia? Did we move here?" Hermione nodded anxiously, her arms warped around her middle. Her mother's eyes darkened and shrunk into slits, a glare that only a Granger could manage."Explain." she ordered and slumped back into her chair. Her father sat in the same spot, but his eyes softened at the sight of his daughter."Well… um…" she began uncertainly. She perched herself on the edge of the matching armchair across from her mom and Ron sat on the armrest, watching his foot swing forward and backward so as to not have to make eye contact. With a deep breath, she closed her eyes and decided to just get it over with. "Last year I modified your memories so that you'd move to Australia and forget you had a daughter so that you'd be safe from the death eaters that were after me and Ron and Harry because we were fighting Voldemort and now he's gone so I came back and restored your memories again." She said it all quickly and in one breath, as if maybe the shock would dispel any mounting anger.Silence filled the house. The gentle breeze outside could be heard clearly and Ron's fidgeting seemed as loud as a scream."Hermione…" her Dad began in a gentler tone than his wife's. She turned to him, silently pleading to forgive her. His words fell empty in his mouth and he just looked at her with an unreadable mix of emotions spilling across his face."I'm so sorry. Really, I'm so so sorry. I know it was terrible and I broke your one major rule and I completely shattered your trust, but I swear, I'll never use magic against you again and.. and... and I did it to protect you. Please, you have to believe me. I was trying to protect you." She leaned even more forward in her chair so that she was barely touching it and seemed just short of dropping to her knees and begging. "I'm so sorry," she whispered and fell silent."You used magic against us... to protect us from magic being used against us," her mother said, arms crossed in disbelief."Yes, I know how it must sound to you, but-""Oh yes, it sounds downright absurd to us! But please explain to us muggles so that we can pretend to understand!" Her voice was steadily rising and her arms somehow grew stiffer around her chest."They were after Harry, Mum. They knew that we're close friends and they would do anything to get to him. They torture and kill muggles as sport- for fun! So I wiped your memories and sent you to Australia so that they wouldn't go looking for you and that way, if I died, you could still live out your lives in peace." Mrs. Granger's eyes narrowed further still, so Hermione turned to her father instead."Hermione…" he began again in the same even tone. He rubbed his hand against his stubbled chin and the familiar motion was so familiar that the stinging in the corner of her eyes was even more pronounced. "This Voldemort you mentioned, he's the evil person that you used to write to us about?" She nodded. "And he's the one that tried to kill your friend when he was a baby, right?" She nodded again. "You said he's gone?""Yes, Harry killed him in May and Ron and I were helping him for the past year.""So this past year, while we were living here, you were off fighting in a Wizarding War?""Yes," she whispered. He leaned back against the couch cushion and pursed his lips."I must say, I'm not sure how to feel right now," he admitted."Livid. Furious. Indignant." His wife filled in. It was suddenly very clear where Hermione inherited her stubborn nature and an innate talent for a look that could kill."I'm obviously very upset," he said loudly over her. "But, I'm relieved that you're okay, sweetheart." Hermione couldn't stop herself any longer, she let a tear fall and her eyebrows unfurrow ever so slightly. "And, it sounds like you had quite a role in ending the war, so I suppose I ought to be proud of you, too." Hermione smiled at him, but made no effort to embrace him after her latest disastrous attempt. Relief flooded her expression, but it was hastily wiped away again. Abruptly, Mrs. Granger stood and Hermione looked at her apprehensively, shrinking away from her slightly."We need some time, Hermione. To think things over." Her voice was steady, yet it had a distinct cold edge."Of course," her daughter replied standing too. "Here," she reached into her purse and her two parents watched her cautiously. But, instead of a wand, she withdrew a newspaper. "It's an article about what happened if you want to know more and my phone number is there at the top." She set it carefully on the side table nearest her so that the Daily Prophet title stared boldly up at them. She began to walk back towards the door with Ron trailing behind her, but she stopped by the doorframe and turned, unable to leave without some earnest pleading to break through to them."I know you need some space, but please call me. Even if it's just to yell at me, please call." She looked at her mother who had turned so that her back was facing Hermione. Mr. Granger was looking at her with conflicting emotions, but he gave a half-hearted watery smile and a faint nod. With that, Ron and Hermione stepped into the entryway, gripped hands, and disappeared with a faint pop.They landed in their hotel room and immediately, Hermione collapsed into Ron's arms in pitiful sobs."Excuse me… it's Sophia, right?" The lobby's lights still shone brightly, but now the night sky was visible through the glass doors."Yes, how may I help you?" Somehow her voice was still kind and friendly, even though she had been working for more than seven hours at this point."Well, I have to call a friend, but my girlfriend got a new phone and I'm not sure how to use it. Do you think you could help?" Ron asked quietly; he wasn't sure why his voice was barely above a whisper, it just seemed right considering that Hermione was fast asleep somewhere upstairs."Sure," her smile never faltered so if she considered it an odd request, Ron would never guess.Just a few short minutes later, Ron sat in the hotel room's bathroom with the door shut and he pressed the button Sophia had indicated."Hermione?" Harry's voice asked through the phone."No, it's me," Ron responded, careful to keep his voice low."Oh, hey Ron. How'd it go?""I don't know what to do, mate.""That bad, huh?""Well, it's certainly clear that Hermione got her glare from her mum. Her dad seemed to handle it better. I think he was just confused mostly, but her mom was super pissed.""How'd Hermione take it?""We apparated back and she immediately started crying, but I finally got her to fall asleep so now I'm calling you from the bathroom." He sighed heavily and leaned his head against the wall carefully to not make a sound. "I don't know what to do tomorrow. Her parents said they needed time and I'm guessing that means more than a day.""Probably. Maybe go sightseeing? I don't know, just try and distract her.""Yeah, I suppose." He heard a dull groan from the other room. "Look, I should go. I don't want to wake her up.""All right. Good luck, mate.""Good night.""It's morning here, Ron.""Whatever." With that, Harry hung up and Ron slid the phone back into his pocket. He stood and stretched his back that ached from sitting on the tiled floor. As quietly as he could, he exited the hotel room for the final time that day and went to ask Sophia one more question.Thanks to all the readers and reviewers! You guys are great!

"Good morning, love," Ron chirped as Hermione rolled over in bed."What time 'sit?" she groaned, her eyes still shut against the light peeking through the curtains."A little after eleven.""What?" she bolted up instantly and her eyes flew open. "Why didn't you wake me up?""You haven't slept for more than two hours in the past three days, you needed it," he said sternly, not backing down from her glare. "Now come on, we're going out today.""What do you mean? My parents won't want to see me." Her head fell back against her pillow and she looked at the ceiling dejectedly."Good thing we're not going there then, huh," Ron grinned mischievously at her."Where are we going?" Her sullen look was replaced with curiosity, but Ron merely shook his head. He leaned over and kissed her before straightening up again."You better get changed. As much as I love seeing you in pajamas, I doubt all of Australia does." Ron was seated on top of the bed, fully clothed in jeans and a t-shirt, reading an old edition of the Daily Prophet. For some reason, the Prophet owls did not deliver to other countries. Hermione moaned softly, but managed to swing her legs around the bed and rummaged through their trunk. Her eyes were still puffy and red from last night, but she at least seemed out of tears to cry.After Hermione had given up on detangling her hair, they walked out of the hotel lobby with Ron leading the way, reading directions from hastily scribbled notes he had made last night. Hermione abandoned her sour attempts to figure out where they were headed and Ron grinned despite himself- at least she was distracted.Harry lay in bed at roughly noon his own time, his eyes staring unseeing at the bare wall. His glasses sat somewhere on the table beside the mattress, but Harry was unfazed by only seeing blurred colors. He was much more fazed by the piercing pains in the scars on his forehead and chest. A pillow lay limply on top of his head and Harry had long since given up trying to smother his ears to block out the sounds and voices. The Burrow itself was quiet, but memories had been swirling around in his head since he had woken up hours ago, and nothing he did could get rid of the haunting images."Harry, dear," Mrs. Weasley said quietly, poking her head into the room. "Do you want some lunch?""No," he replied, his voice hoarse and dry. He wasn't sure if she asked him anything else after, instead his mind was clouded with a young Tom Riddle saying in his cold voice "Voldemort is my past, present, and future" as he stared down upon him and an unconscious Ginny. A large basilisk reared its head, its scales dark and wet, its fangs the size of Harry's upper arm. Another wave of piercing pain shot through his scars and he bit back the wave of nausea that accompanied it."Don't you want to come downstairs, Harry?" Mrs. Weasley asked for the third time, hoping for a response."No," Harry managed and hoped that she would leave. Mercifully, he heard the door shut softly behind her. He did not want to go downstairs. He did not want to leave his bed. He did not want to move at all. Move, or even think for that matter. The room was filled with the distinct sense that a dementor was sitting on the bed across from Harry, gleefully watching him slip further and further down."What is this place?" Hermione asked, her voice filled with wonder. The shop that they had come to did not disappoint Sophia's description from the night before. It was a cozy storefront with large windows outlined by light wooden walls. The green door was propped open so that the copper bell hung above it didn't ring when they entered. Inside were tons of circular tables and at the back was a small display of pastries and a swinging menu hanging from the ceiling. There was not a single section of the walls that was not covered in bookcases filled with novels of every color. A few people sat amongst the tables, reading or talking quietly while picking at their food or drinks. Ron watched Hermione turn around on the spot silently, her mouth hanging open in awe."Want to order something before picking out a book?" Ron asked, interrupting her moment of wonder. She nodded mutely and Ron slipped past her towards the back. Ron ordered a coffee and french toast and Hermione decided on tea and a muffin. She pulled out a small wallet of muggle money from her purse and handled the exchange while Ron sat at an empty table in the corner of the store, perfectly snug against the window, the bookshelf, and the staircase to the second level."This place is amazing," Hermione commented, her eyes still slightly glazed over. "How'd you find it?""Sophia told me about it last night," he shrugged. "Go pick out a book to read, and find me one too," His legs crossed under the table and he took a sip of his coffee, watching Hermione happily. It was truly a mark of how in awe Hermione was that she didn't tut distastefully on their absolute lack of organization among the bookshelves. Instead, she roamed the shelves freely and eventually pulled out two books- one red with gold letters and the other cream with blue letters- and plopped into the seat across from Ron and handed him the book on top. Within seconds, she was immersed in her book and mindlessly picked at her muffin when the waiter left it at their table. She missed her mouth a few times because she simply refused to peel her eyes away from the pages.Hermione tore through her novel while Ron barely finished two chapters and was more content to people-watch through the window and around the shop. Finally, after another round of drinks and muffins, she set down her book. Over their new cups of tea, they talked together until the sun began to set, and Hermione did not check her phone for missed calls once."Harry, Mum says to come downstairs for dinner." Ginny's red hair swung forward as she poked her head through the open door frame. Noticing the statement was more of a command, Harry obliged grudgingly. He trudged down the multiple flights of stairs into the kitchen where the four Weasleys were already assembled and slumped into his seat, still in his pajamas. Mercifully, they did not attempt to engage Harry in their conversation, so his mind was left to continue wandering through his past.He mundanely pushed his food around his plate, but didn't intend on taking any bites."Harry, why haven't you eaten anything?" Mr. Weasley asked kindly."You must be starving, you haven't eaten all day!" Mrs. Weasley added on. Harry forced a bite into his mouth and swallowed the tasteless food to appease the questions. The Weasleys clearly knew that something was wrong, but they said nothing, probably guessing that Harry would just claim everything to be fine. Which he probably would.Towards the end of the meal, when everyone was about ready to clean up, his scar across his chest burned fiercely and Harry tensed noticeably. Mumbling something about using the loo, he stumbled into the small sitting room down the hallway where he had listened to Remus' will. He shut the door behind him and collapsed against it, sliding his back down the wood and letting his head fall against the hard surface.Hundreds of black dementors were swarming the lake and surrounding him. The cold embraced his skin and he felt the last dwindling hope inside of him die away. Ron wasn't here to snap him out of it. Hermione wasn't here to explain what was happening to him. Faintly, he heard his mother scream in pain as the green light flashed before his eyes. Her scream clouded his thoughts and his senses and it was quite a few minutes before he came to and realized he was not at the lake at Hogwarts nor the cottage in Godric's Hollow. He was at the Burrow and someone was knocking on the door.He slid sideways so that he leaned against the wall, not the door, and reached up to let whoever it was in. George entered the small room followed by Ginny, and they both sat to form a small triangle on the floor: Ginny resting against the couch edge and George wrapping his arms around his knees. They said nothing at first, and Harry relished the silence. No screams, no shouts, no taunts, and no curses.Finally, Ginny broke the silence. "I still hear him too," she whispered. George's head snapped up to look at her. "Tom Riddle. And the diary." They looked at her solemnly, not quite knowing what to say."I keep reliving any moment with… with Fred," George admitted. It was the first time since May second that he had said his name. "And scenes from the battle." Ginny nodded and they both turned to Harry expectantly.He sighed heavily and ran a hand through his hair. "I see practically every scene from my grand life," he said finally, his voice thick with sarcasm."Like what?" Ginny pressed. Harry looked at her darkly as if to accuse her of asking such a thing. But, she met his gaze firmly, and he sighed and let his head fall back against the wall."Like my parents being murdered, being abused by the Dursleys, the basilisk, the dementors, the graveyard and the Triwizard Tournament, the Department of Mysteries and Voldemort possessing me, the cave and Dumbeldore dying, Nagini at Godric's Hollow and hunting the horcruxes in general, the battle, literally dying in that bloody forest," he listed heavily. The two siblings sat silently again, clearly shocked that he had actually opened up, even if somewhat barely. Harry himself was a bit surprised that he had said anything."I hate to break it to you, but your life has kinda sucked," George finally said."You're telling me," Harry replied dully, but couldn't help but match George's faint smile."But, it's like you said, right? It'll get better and easier with time?""I suppose," he responded roughly."You sounded a lot more confident when you told me," George accused."Well is it true?" Harry retorted, half angrily and half desperately."Yeah," he said simply. The three fell into companionable silence again and Harry shut his eyes. The throbbing pain in his chest seemed to ease slightly."Do you guys remember when Fred and I spent the whole April Fool's Day pretending like we had pulled a massive prank and everyone was super on edge, but really we didn't do anything?" George interrupted. Ginny chuckled appreciatively, but Harry remained lost in the silence. The two of them spent a few minutes revelling in past pranks."What are you thinking of now?" George asked, abandoning his attempt at humor."This one time when the Dursleys looked the other way as Dudley "accidentally" missed his birthday piñata and kept hitting me instead and then when I tried to grab the bat from him they locked my in my closet for a week," he said bluntly."Why'd you say my closet?" Ginny asked, her eyes narrowing at his choice of phrase."Ron or Hermione didn't tell you guys yet?" He looked up to see their worried faces as answers. "Well before I turned eleven, my bedroom was a closet under the stairs." It felt nice to get things off his chest and just out in the open. Somehow, the pain eased even more slightly and his chest felt lighter than it did before. His head fell back against the wall as George and Ginny shared a horrified look. The night continued as Harry randomly shared a horrible memory, one after another, with Ginny or George occasionally adding something that haunts them. Eventually, George fell asleep in an armchair, but Ginny and Harry sat resolutely awake in the night."Ginny?" he asked softly."Hmm?""Can I ask you something? You're probably the only other person who can relate because of the diary.""Sure." Her voice was even, but her body tensed at the mention of the Chamber of Secrets."After… the forest and after the horcrux inside me died, I feel- different. I'm not sure how to explain it, but I feel…""Lighter? Freer? More in control than you've felt for a long time?""Exactly. Well, not lighter necessarily, but freer and more in control.""It's a nice feeling, isn't it?"Harry nodded. "And doing magic is suddenly easier too, I think. I mean, I haven't really tested it, but it feels like it takes less energy or something.""I don't think I ever noticed that because I was just a first-year, but it does make sense. You had part of an evil soul weighing you down, it was bound to have an affect on your magic too." Harry nodded, lost in thoughts, and his head drooped back onto the couch that he had moved to. Ginny fell asleep in the other armchair, and eventually, Harry drifted into unconsciousness sprawled out across the sofa.The next few days passed in a similar fashion. Hermione and Ron wandered the streets of Australia, usually returning to their favorite café for lunch and Ron pushing away his girlfriend's hand when she tries to check her phone for the third time in the past five minutes. Harry typically did not leave his room unless for the occasional meal or two with Ginny or George or sometimes both keeping him company whether he wants it or not. Oddly enough, George's spirits seem to soar much closer to his usual self as Harry's dipped to new lows. It seemed like the Burrow could only handle one depressed teen at a time.Three days after Mr. and Mrs. Grangers' memories were fixed, Hermione's purse began to buzz. She stopped mid stride (they were on their way to the café) and grabbed Ron's arm. After a brief pause to make sure she wasn't hearing things, she dug through her purse and answered the phone as quickly as humanly possible.Ron watched her carefully as she nodded and muttered "okay" or "sure" and didn't need to ask for an explanation when she hung up. Instead, she looked him right in the eyes and said "They want me to come for tea this weekend."Quick note: In a previous chapter I wrote that Professor Albright was the new Potions Professor, but I meant new Transfiguration Professor since Slughorn is still teaching Potions. I fixed it in the last chapter already, but sorry for the confusion!Also, thanks for the reviews! Thank you Nina, and hopefully the choice of making Ron and Harry head aurors will make a bit more sense on their first day of work. I'm glad you agree with my decision to wait for Harry and Ginny's relationship though! And welcome to my new followers!

With a heavy sigh of relief, Harry stepped out onto the faded floral printed carpet of the Gryffindor Common Room. The stone walls were still covered in portraits or cupboards and the furniture still sagged in all the right places. The best thing about the room, though, was the distinct lack of people. No Mrs. Weasley to urge him to eat more. No Ginny to keep asking questions that he didn't want to answer. No George to try and relate to him when Harry had been through so much more than he could imagine, Harry thought bitterly to himself.After touring through his old dormitory and relishing in each nook and cranny of the Common Room, Harry slipped out, not bothering with the invisibility cloak since he expected the castle to be fairly empty in the middle of July. And fortunately, it was. He strolled through the quiet halls and corridors, along the secret ones and the popular ones, appreciating the fixed architecture and subtle differences he noticed. He crossed paths with a few house elves who were out cleaning during the day, which was an odd sight, but he passed quickly before they could talk or question him.As a humming Professor Albright appeared around the corner on the third floor, Harry hurried into a hidden closet behind a portrait and listened carefully for the sound of receding footsteps before he continued on his way. Thankfully, his knowledge of the trick steps and hidden passages have not left him yet and Harry slowly made his way to his ultimate destination without incident.On the second floor, he stood in front of the now fixed griffin statue guarding the spiral staircase to the Headmistress's office. It was here that he realized a fatal flaw to his plan: he did not know McGonagall's password."Er… can I go up?" He asked the griffin cautiously, but expecting no movement. The only reason it had worked last time was because it was laying on its side and was utterly helpless.The griffin's eyes squinted at him in the smallest of movements. "Name?" It finally asked in a gravelly voice."Harry Potter," he responded curiously."Harry Potter," he repeated faintly. "And when was the last time you were here, Potter?""Er… A day or two after the second of May?""Very well," the griffin spun on its dias to reveal the hidden staircase. Harry climbed onto the step as it moved up, deciding not to question what had just happened. He knocked at the large door that waited for him at the top and heard a faint response allowing his entry."Hello, Harry," McGonagall greeted in surprise. She was seated at her desk, but stood abruptly when he walked in."Hi Minnie." Even in his sour mood, he couldn't help but use the new nickname she had provided him with."Oh, how I regret telling you that." Although the small smile on her thin lips said otherwise. "What are you doing here?""I thought you said I could come to Hogwarts whenever I wanted?" he teased lightly as he walked up the two small steps towards the desk."Of course you are, but that doesn't answer my question.""Can't I just be here to see you?""Sure, but I doubt that's the truth.""Well, it's the partial truth.""How about the whole truth, then?""That and to ask if I can use your pensieve to see Remus' old memories he left me.""And there's the truth." She smiled at him warmly and quickly grabbed some sheets of paper that were piled on her desk. "Lucky for you, I was about to go talk to some of the professors. So, I suppose the office is all yours.""Thanks, Minnie." She rolled her eyes at the name, but said nothing of it."I suppose you are quite familiar with how to use it, yes? I've heard you've taken quite a few forbidden dips into it.""And a few allowed ones," he defended quickly."Well, then I'll be back in around an hour." She swept out of the room, papers and quill in tow, and disappeared before Harry could ask about the griffin's strange behavior. The Headmistress's office was never perfectly silent. The countless portraits of past headmasters and mistresses continuously fidgeted in their frames and McGonagall had kept some of Dumbeldore's odd trinkets that whirred quietly on their tables. Harry made his way to the cupboard that he knew held the pensieve and pulled open the dark wooden doors to remove the stone bowl. Carefully, he placed it on the large desk and he sat in one of the two chairs in front of it.While looking at the silver liquid shimmering lightly, Harry groped around in his pocket for the glass vial which he set carefully on the desk beside the basin. He poured it in and prodded the surface with his wand so that it began to swirl, forming quick images before they faded away again. The contents mixed together in spirals, and before Harry submerged himself into the past, he happened to glance up and just so happened to see Dumbeldore watching him carefully from his golden edged portrait. He didn't say anything or open his mouth, oddly enough, and so Harry dunked his head into the basin without warning. He fell from the surface down into the depths of Lupin's recollections.Hermione knocked decisively on the dark gray wood of the door on Whitsunday Ct and held her hands together in front of her, wringing them together out of nerves."Hello again, Hermione," her father answered upon opening the door."Hi, Dad," she responded, forcing a smile through the anxiety."Before you come in," he started as she took a hesitant step forward. "Can I have your wand?" He held his hand out and Hermione nodded slowly, reaching for the one thing that could protect herself, and handed it over. If she was surprised at his request, she made sure not to show it. "Okay, in you get," he stepped aside and allowed his daughter to slip past him onto the wooden floor. "To the left," he directed her from behind and he set her wand on the entryway table before following her into the kitchen.Juliet Granger sat next to the kitchen in a small seating area surrounded by windows, her dark hair falling around her shoulders. She didn't rise at her daughter's arrival. Instead, she watched her warily take a seat on the opposite side of the round table and even refused to acknowledge her husband sitting next to her who gripped her hand under the table top."Tea?" He asked curteously."Sure." He poured her a cup and leaned across the table to pass it along. Hermione took a tentative sip to be polite and from a lack of anything better to do."We read the newspaper article about you," Curtis Granger began from a clearly recited speech. "And we have a few questions we'd like to ask you and please answer honestly, without leaving anything out.""Of course," Hermione responded, wearing her most convincingly genuine smile. Hopefully, her parents could not see the worry or doubts racing through her mind or feel the heavy stone that just dropped in her stomach. She would have to share anything and everything to gain back their trust, but some things, she thought, might be better left unsaid."How come you never told us how bad things were getting in the Wizarding World?" her mom asked, leaning forward onto the table's edge."I didn't want you to worry and I thought that you might not want me going back to Hogwarts if you knew," she responded candidly. Her mother's eyes stared at her, trying to detect a lie that was not there, and Hermione sipped her tea quietly as to direct her own gaze away."So you did know how bad it was getting, then?" she pressed."I had my guesses, yes. And eventually the Ministry confirmed my suspicions." Her mother leaned back in her chair again, her chin raised haughtily."So then in your sixth year, the Ministry started to confirm your suspicions, yes?" Her father asked and she nodded. "So then while Harry was off looking for these..." (he glanced at the paper in front of him) "horcruxes, what were you doing?""School work, mostly. And trying to keep Harry from doing anything too rash," she added cheekily, trying to ease some of the tension, but to no avail."And what exactly are horcruxes again?" The questioning continued and Hermione answered each one posed to her honestly, but couldn't help but jiggle her foot under the table as she thought about what the questions were leading to."Okay, so snatchers are people who kidnapped people on the run or people in trouble with the Ministry and turned them in for money?" Her mother clarified. Hermione nodded, her face pale as she realized where this was headed. The part of the story that she wished her parents had glossed over. "And these are the people that brought you to the Malfoy's house?" Again, she nodded."So, why did this other woman use that spell on you?" Her mother asked, unknowing of the implications such a question had and the memories it stirred inside her head. Hermione faltered, breaking the rhythm of her quick answers, unsure of how best to respond to this without also breaking into incomprehensible sobs."Well… er-""What are you hiding, Hermione?" Her mother asked instantly, sensing the hesitation and leaning forward again."I was tortured, Mum! Give me a break!" She retaliated, much harsher than intended. But, her response got the job done. Juliet jumped slightly and her gaze softened. Curtis gasped audibly and fell silent."It's not just some spell that she used on me. The Cruciatus Curse is an Unforgivable Curse that can cause you to go insane to some extent," she said shakily, her eyes looking down at her teacup that she fidgeted with. "She used it to question me on where we got the Sword of Gryffidnor because she was scared that we broke into her vault, which we did end up doing after we escaped.""So why aren't you insane then?" Her mother asked bluntly, yet with a softer edge than before."Because she didn't use it on me for long enough for that to happen. She… er… she wanted to give me to the werewolf." Her voice was quiet and shaky, but she risked a glance up at her parents and saw concerned parents rather than suspicious questioners."And what's an Unforgivable Curse?""Well, there's three of them and the use of any is punishable by life in prison. One of them kills you instantly, unless you're Harry; the second lets someone control your mind and actions; and the third causes pain.""So she used the third one on you?""Yes.""What happened?""Juliet, you can't ask that-" he whispered to his wife."No, it's okay. You… you deserve to know." She took a shaky breath and shut her eyes against the stinging that had erupted in the corners of her eyes before continuing. "It felt like… like my whole body was on fire... and that every bone and muscle was being torn apart over and over again… It causes pain like you can never imagine." Silence fell on the small kitchen and her parents shared a look of concern that Hermione missed; her eyes were still closed shut against the memory and she allowed a single tear to fall which she hastily wiped away with her sleeve.Harry landed in the corner of a familiar room- the Infirmary. While most of the room was blocked off by a white curtain, the stone tiles and plain white bed sheets gave it away. In front of him lay a young Remus Lupin, whose pale skin was almost as white as the sheets, but deep cuts and dried blood colored his clothes and skin. His gray-blue eyes were scarcely open and an older man stood over him with his wand tracing the wounds and muttering a spell that closed the flesh over them. He handed Lupin a potion labeled 'no nausea,' ordered him to try to rest, gave him a pitiful look, then slipped out of the curtain and out of sight."Achoo!" For a minute, Harry wasn't sure who had sneezed, since Remus's mouth had not opened. But then, in the opposite corner of the enclosed section, the light began to bend incorrectly ever so slightly and three boys stood in the corner."Really, Padfoot?" Remus asked with a roll of his eyes, not at all surprised to see them there."Hey, I was holding that sneeze in for the whole time he was here!""It's true, I thought he was going to faint," James added as he stuffed away the Invisibility Cloak. Pettigrew sat at the foot of the bed with James and Sirius on the two sides."What happened last night? Did- Did I do that?" Remus pulled out a hand from under the sheets and pointed to Sirius' arm where his shirt was torn."Don't worry about it, everything was fine," Sirius answered with a wave of his hand. Remus struggled against the bed and finally managed to lift himself into a seated position with his back resting against the wall. The effort seemed to have drained him even more."I'm so sorry! Oh Merlin, this is stupid. You guys shouldn't keep coming, you only get hurt and-""Moony!" James interrupted. "Honestly, are we going to go through this every month? Do you really want us to repeat ourselves or can we skip the speech and go straight to breakfast this time?""But really, it's bad enough that I have to go through it every month. You lot don't have to," he insisted."We've said this before and we'll say it again. We're not going anywhere. We might get a few cuts and scratches, but hey, if that means you get less, then who cares. Besides," he continued before Remus could interrupt. "You said it yourself. You feel less wolf-like when we're there." Remus opened his mouth to argue, but something showed that they had had this conversation before, almost word for word. So instead, he just nodded."Breakfast! Come on, Wormtail. What did we get?" Sirius cheered and bounced slightly in his seat while clapping. Pettigrew pulled up a large brown bag from the floor and dug inside to pull on the various pastries they had nicked from the kitchens on their way to the hospital wing."What do you want, Moony?" He asked as the last bottle of butterbeer was removed. He peered at the wide display of food at the foot of his bed with a thoughtful look."The danish," he decided. The rest of the food was handed out and the Marauders ate happily together in the quiet hall. Even Remus' pale, scar-ridden face wore a large smile as he was distracted from the pain because he had his friends here. They were here even after months of seeing him as a werewolf. With his faint smile the last image to fade into the black smoke, the scene swirled before him.A new room erupted around him and it was suddenly filled with noise and chatter. Students were all rising from their seats, blocking the shelf and the table on the opposite two walls from Harry. Peering through the crowd, he spotted Remus standing next to a girl with dark red hair that he instantly recognized as Lily. As he crossed the crowded area, he noticed that every student in the room wore badges of different colors identifying them as prefects."Are you headed back to the Common Room, Lily?" She stood after picking something up and shoving it into her bag which she then slung over her shoulder."Yeah, you?" He nodded and the two fell into step next to each other and made their way out. It seems like a prefects meeting had just ended. Harry walked beside them eagerly through the empty corridors."I knew you were going to be the Gryffindor prefect for our year, Remus.""Well I figured it was either me or McKinnon since it certainly wasn't going to be James or Sirius.""Definitely not," she replied with a smile. She flicked her head to send her hair back over her shoulder and Harry caught a glimpse of her green eyes that he had been told too many times to count looked just like his. "Hang on," she extended her arm abruptly to the side to stop Remus in his tracks. "Do you hear that?" Remus shook his head with a bewildered expression, but he pulled his hands out of his pockets nonetheless."I think it's coming from down there," she commented and turned directly towards Harry and she peered into the dark corridor straight through him. The redhead pulled out her wand and a light appeared at the tip, illuminating the hall where another student was cowering on the floor. Immediately, Lily strode purposefully towards the mass of black Hogwarts robes that were far too large for the student. As they approached, they could hear quiet sobbing and they both quickened their pace."Are you okay?" Lily asked once she got near enough. Startled at their arrival, he looked up with large dark eyes filled with tears. He nodded mutely and Lily sat on one side of him, resting her back against the stone wall. Remus squatted in front of him with his arms balancing on his knees."What's wrong?" She asked kindly, pushing away her hair that fell forward again. At a closer distance and under her still lit wand, Harry could see green robes surrounding the unknown first year. He looked at her red robes skeptically."But… but you're a gryffindor," he stated with his brows furrowed."Yeah, I am. What's wrong?" she insisted. He opened his mouth, but closed it abruptly and glanced at Remus, clearly deciding on if he should say anything at all. Eventually, as more tears fell from his eyes, he gave in."Well, I met this kid on the train and we were talking and became friends," he began through sniffles. "But- but then I was sorted into Slytherin and he hasn't talked to me for the past two weeks now!""That's terrible! I'm so sorry," she said softly and laid a kind hand on his trembling shoulder. "But, have you made any other friends?""Not really. There's these two other Slytherin kids in my year that seem nice, but they knew each other from before Hogwarts so they're already close friends," he admitted. He had stopped crying, but continued to look at his shoes."Well it's only been two weeks! I'm sure you'll meet some great friends soon," Remus added, his head cocked to the side to try and catch the little boy's eye."Yeah, and until then, you can come find us any time. I'm Lily and this is Remus." They continued to cheer the first year up as the scene began to swirl again."Evans!" a faint voice called. In front of him, Lily walked briskly away from the voice. "Evans!" James called again. The heavy footsteps slowed as James began to catch up to her. He turned around and walked backward, matching her pace, but standing directly in front of her all the same. More footsteps slowed as the rest of the Marauders caught up behind them."Shove off, Potter," Lily said disdainfully, she tried to brush past him, but he sidestepped to cut her off again."Wait, please." Something in James' eyes finally made her stop in the middle of the corridor."What.""I wanted to apologize." She paused for a beat."So are you going to? Or are you just going to tell me things you want to do?""Oh, right. I'm sorry." She said nothing. "About what happened." Still stony silence. "At the lake?""That was a pathetic excuse for an apology, Potter.""What do you mean?" Remus chuckled and shook his head behind Lily, but said nothing."You didn't even mention anything you actually did! Is this really your first time apologizing for something?" She crossed her arms firmly across her chest."No! I've apologized before!" He replied indignant."Get to the point, James," Remus suggested wearily."Right. Okay. I'm sorry for provoking Sni-Snape which led him to call you… that." He smiled, evidently proud of himself."Is that it then?" Lily asked. Her expression hadn't changed once."What do you mean?""You're leaving quite a bit out, I think.""Like what?" Sirius shook his head slightly and muttered to Pettigrew beside him."Like how about constantly hexing Snape and a bunch of other students just for the fun of it? Or constantly asking me out just to embarrass me even though you know I'm just going to say no?""Well, yeah, I suppose you're right." He ran a hand through his messy hair and Lily's eyes widened in surprise. "I really shouldn't hex random students just because and I swear, I won't do that anymore! And I'm sorry for always annoying you. I'll… I'll try to leave you alone." He looked down at his shoes dejectedly."And Snape?" His head snapped back up. "You didn't mention him.""I'm sorry that I hexed him without clear provocation. But, I'm not sorry that I defended myself all the other times when he attacked me or when I attacked him for being a creepy pureblood elitist git." Her eyes hardened again. "Oh, come on! You're still defending him? After what he said?" She shook her head to say no and clear herself of the memory."Just… just grow up a little," she responded, ignoring his questions."Now you're asking the impossible, Evans.""I mean, stop being a bully, deflate that thick head of yours, and stop asking me out every bloody day and then maybe, we can have a conversation that doesn't involve us fighting. Remus tells me that you can be a decent human being at times, but I have yet to see it, so who knows.""Deal." James smiled and held his hand out for her to shake, but she was already walking past him, clutching her book bag and the scene shifted into King's Cross Station. Students were filling the platform, saying their tearful goodbyes, and running onto the scarlet red Hogwarts Express with their heavy trunks behind them.He easily spotted his mother among the crowd and she was making her way through the students, away from her family, a distinct frown on her face. He could only guess as to why, but, he had a firm suspicion that it had something to do with a young Petunia whose arms were crossed and her chin was tilted up in a familiar expression, away from her younger sister.Suddenly, James pushed through the crowd, followed by his three friends."Evans!" he called merrily to her. She stopped in her tracks, and looked around trying to spot him. Eventually, she spotted the black hair bobbing slightly above the others and she turned towards it."Potter," she remarked uninterested."Hey, Lily!" Remus waved."Hi!" Peter said cheerfully."Best of mornings to you, Miss Evans," Sirius commented with a slight bow."Hello," she said with a roll of her eyes."How was your holiday?" James asked politely."Decidedly average." She set her trunk on its end, realizing she might be here a while. "How about you?" she asked, more out of politeness than actual interest."Brilliant! We already have our start of the year prank all planned. But, don't worry, no animals, humans, or Slytherins will be harmed in the process." His eyes glinted behind his spectacles."How kind," she said dryly, but she couldn't help a small smile creep in. Sadly, James noticed."Want help with your trunk?" She pursed her lips in contemplation, but decided that she really didn't want to carry it up the steps, so if someone else was volunteering, then…"Sure. Thanks," she added. James grinned and he and Sirius grabbed the trunk and led the way towards the train."You know, I think we had our first civilized conversation." James remarked happily over his shoulder."Give it time, Potter. It's practically inevitable." But nothing could wipe away his smile and he marched away with her trunk."He's really trying, isn't it?" Lily turned to Remus, eyeing the other three Marauders out of the corner of her eye."Oh, you have no idea, Lily." He rolled his eyes. "Want to head to the Prefects meeting?" She nodded and the pair climbed the two steps into the steam engine and the scene swirled again. Harry landed back in the Gryffindor Common Room: now empty and cast in the eerie glow of firelight."I can't believe she would do that, Pads," Peter whispered.He snorted. "I can." His calm and forcibly cool voice faltered. But, he attempted to keep up his facade with his friends surrounding him, staring at him intently."It'll be alright, Padfoot. It'll work out in the end," Remus consoled. He snorted again and let his head fall back onto the couch cushions."Holiday is coming up in a week and I've got nowhere to go, Moony. Yes, I'm sure everything will be fine," his voice was thick with sarcasm and he was so slouched that his back was resting on the seat cushion."Hang on! I thought you were coming to live with me?" James asked, quite afronted with his friend. Padfoot looked at him curiously. "Well, you practically lived with me all last summer so you might as well." Without warning, Sirius launched himself off the couch and practically tackled a shocked James with a hug. Quietly, he whispered "thank you, James" through his chin-length hair and shut his eyes tight to stop the tears that were already forming.The scene changed and Professor McGonagall stood before the Marauders who all occupied separate desks of an otherwise empty classroom."Could you really not think of anything more creative than writing lines for our detention, Minnie?" Sirius whines without even picking up the quill in front of him."Yeah. I mean, what happened to the old us? We used to have fun together in our night-time meetings," James added with an endearing smirk."Get to work, Potter," she chided sternly."You've changed," Sirius mumbled and he shook his head. Finally, he picked up his quill and began to play with it. James, however, hadn't given in to the boredom yet. Instead, he turned in his seat to face Remus."I still don't see why you're here. You didn't even get detention.""Seeing that it was me you got the detention for, I figured I might as well come. Plus, Lily was busy so I had nowhere else to be.""What do you mean they got detention for you, Lupin?" McGonagall's head snapped up from her own work before James could reply."Oh, well, I had to miss my Prefect rounds because of the full moon, so these idiots were leaving to do it instead; but, apparently another Prefect had already taken over since I was "sick" so they reported them for breaking curfew." McGonagall looked at them each through slightly squinted eyes, trying to detect a lie. But when they all met her gaze defiantly, she just sighed and picked up her wand. With a flick, the quills and parchment in front of them made a neat pile on her desk."Take out your wands," she instructed and stood from her desk. The Marauders did what she asked with a few curious glances between them. "We're starting human transfiguring in the next class. You can spend the rest of your detention getting ahead." They all grinned madly and James immediately pointed his wand at Sirius slyly without his notice and watched as his hair turned a vivid yellow. Peter and Remus couldn't contain their laughter and when Sirius realized what had happened, an all-out transfiguring duel took place in the classroom."I assume you already know the spell, then," McGonagall said with a shake of her head and a small smile that she could not hide. The three boys jumped over tables and ran through the rows trying to hit each other with a spell. With some help, Peter eventually got the basics of the spell down and joined in. When they left detention about an hour later, everyone's hair was neon, they had grown beards of varying lengths, some noses were no longer human, and their clothes were certainly not up to Hogwarts regulation.The classroom desks disappeared into the dark smoke and were replaced by the four house tables in the Great Hall. A good assessment of the scene around them was pure chaos. Baby snakes, eagles, badgers, and lions were roaming the tabletops where food was evidently supposed to be and each student's hair suddenly had stripes representing their house colors."Like our prank, Lily?" James asked the smiling Lily across the table as he slid across the bench."I don't get it." She replied simply, wearily eyeing the lion in front of her."Really? I thought it was pretty obvious. I mean, the lion corresponds to Gryffindor, the badger with-""I get that Sirius," she interrupted exasperated. "What I don't get, is that you always call your start of term prank a 'Prank War,' but who are you going to war against?""I'd say the whole castle," Sirius replied thoughtfully."Really." Remus nodded beside him with a reluctant grin. "Well, wouldn't it be more interesting if this war of yours was against specific people and no I don't mean the Slytherins, Potter." James shut his mouth quickly."Do you mean go to war against you and your friends?" Remus asked, picking up the hint. Lily tilted her head back with a smirk and nodded. The Marauders' eyes grew wide."I don't know if you want to do that, Evans.""I think we do, Black," the blonde beside her snapped."We've watched your pranks for years and think they're rather elementary, personally.""Is that right, Dorcas?" James asked grinning at the girl to Lily's other side. She nodded and her black ringlets bounced merrily."All right, you're on." The scene fast-forwarded to the Great Hall again, but it was now much calmer in the early hours of the morning. The Marauders sat down and the girls were nowhere in sight. The moment they touched their silverware, a quiet scream erupted from the golden utensil. The four of them looked at eachother and rolled their eyes."Wow. What a prank," Pettigrew said dryly. They laughed and continued eating as the screams from their forks grew steadily louder. The Great Hall began to fill, but no odd looks were sent to the Marauders. No student nor staff member seemed curious as to why four particular forks were screaming bloody murder at that point. All seemed perfectly normal to the other students. Eventually, unable to resist temptation, Sirius leaned across the aisle to the Hufflepuff table."IS YOUR FORK SCREAMING TOO?" He shouted at the girl, trying to be heard over his silverware."What?" she asked calmly in her normal voice."I SAID IS YOUR FORK SCREAMING TOO?""Why in Merlin's beard would my fork be screaming?" She appeared genuinely bewildered."YOU CAN'T HEAR IT?""The only thing I can hear at the moment is you screaming at me," she said firmly. Now, the majority of the hall was looking curiously at Sirius. James then turned to the student next to him, as did Peter. Remus, however, smiled to himself and calmly ate from his shrieking utensil."WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU CAN'T HEAR THIS?" The conversation started again with the other two Marauders. Little did they know that the Gryffindor girls stood just outside the hall whispering to every student or staff that passed by who eagerly agreed to participate in a prank on the Marauders. The scene changed to another breakfast at the Great Hall, now where the girls were already sitting and eating serenely."What the hell!" Sirius Black came striding up to them with paint over his paint spelling out 'git.' James and Peter ran behind him with similar messages; Remus, on the other hand, looked at his three friends amusedly without any paint."We were wondering when you were going to break into our dorm room," Dorcas said cheerfully."Take it off," James demanded."Can't," Dorcas replied simply with a shrug."Take it off," he repeated."Can't. The only person who cast the spell can remove it.""And who cast the spell?" Although, he already had a firm suspicion."Me," Lily replied with a satisfied grin. "And I won't remove it until you say that we won the Prank War." The Great Hall disappeared into mist and the boy's dormitory emerged from the swirling smoke. James entered the room in a trance and a dazed smile."What's wrong, Prongs?" Remus asked, clearly worried for his health."Nothing's wrong, Moony.""Something is clearly up with you," Sirius agreed, sitting up on his bed."Lily." Sirius rolled his eyes and fell back to his pillow mumbling "yeah, yeah.""She asked me out." Sirius snapped back up and Peter started giggling madly."What?" he asked incredulously."We talked downstairs in the Common Room and she asked me out." Remus bolted out of the room and sprinted down the steps with the rest of the Marauders following closely. Lily sat in the window seat with the sun just starting to peek through the treetops, reading a book in the empty room."You promised," Remus demanded, bringing her attention back to reality. "You promised I could be there.""Sorry, Remus." She said smiling, but she didn't seem to be sorry at all."Hang on, you knew?" James wheeled about to face him. He just shrugged and said nothing."Did you get hit in the head or something, Lily?""No, I did not. And I'm trying to read here." She tried to make her expression one of pure annoyance, but her amusement was clearly evident."Tell us everything," Sirius demanded. He sat on the floor, crossed legged, and Pettigrew and Remus followed suit. Eventually James sat next to them and with a sigh, Lily closed her book and joined them on the floor to finish the circle.The mist cleared once more to reveal Lily introducing the Marauders to the magic that is The Beatles and they all danced well into the night, their energetic dances rivaling those of Fred and George at the Yule Ball. They played cards and played pranks, had snowball fights and gave advice. They walked through Hogsmeade and went to Slughorn's parties. But, the joyful atmosphere suddenly shifted as the Marauders and Lily sat stony-faced in the Headmaster's office with Dumbledore gazing at them with interest, the tips of his fingers just touching."We're sorry about the duel, Professor. We know we shouldn't have resorted to fighting," Lily said into the tense office."Speak for yourself, Evans. I am not sorry at all. Those elitist Slytherins had it comin'. I mean, you should have heard what they said, Professor. They-" Dumbledore raised his hand and James stopped instantly."I am not upset. On the contrary, I am rather impressed.""Impressed?" Remus asked, taken aback."Indeed, Mr. Lupin. I am impressed. You all fought valiantly and with tremendous skill, using complex spells and clearly have a natural talent. With that in mind, I have a proposition for you each. But before we proceed, I need you each to promise your secrecy in the matter." They each gave their word, confused, but unwilling to admit it. Dumbledore nodded, apparently satisfied."There is a secret society that I have founded called the Order of the Phoenix. It is an organization that is working on taking down Voldemort. It requires extreme sacrifice, is highly dangerous, and while we will make sure you have what you need, it is not a paid position. If, after you graduate, you would like to join, we would welcome you gladly. However, do not make the decision lightly and you do not need to decide now." The five students were frozen in their seats from shock, fear, or most likely a combination of the two."Albus," McGonagall stepped forward from the shadows. "They're just kids. You can't possibly let them agree to give up their lives and-""I'll do it," James interrupted firmly."Me too," Sirius added. Dumbeldore turned to them smiling."Hold on a moment! You have to think this through! You-" McGonagall began again."I'm in too," Lily added."And me," Remus said firmly. McGonagall looked at them both anxiously."I'm a muggle-born, Professor. I would probably be killed, let alone get a job if he does take over.""And I won't be able to get a job anywhere no matter who's in charge. I might as well do something with my time," Remus explained."What a chivalrous reason, Moony," James said cheerfully, clapping him on the shoulder."Well if you'd let me finish, I would add that it's-""All right, I'll do it," Peter added, somewhat grudgingly. The scene fast-forwarded to a dark and unknown location where probably-deadly spells were being shot from every angle."Remus!" Lily shouted and pulled him to the ground as a jet of light flew over their heads. She shot another spell straight at a hooded figure and he crumpled to the floor. Remus jumped up and quickly joined Sirius and James to take down another figure when Lily disappeared from sight. As the other figure flew and hit the wall, the three Marauders turned, evidently pleased with themselves, to find Lily with her eyes wide staring back at them.A large hooded man had an arm wrapped firmly around her, gripping her two arms to her sides so that she couldn't raise her wand. His own wand was pointed firmly at her temple and he chuckled softly into her ear and dragged her backwards."That's it, you're going to let us walk away, otherwise this one here gets it." The Gryffindors were frozen in place, their wands helplessly at their sides. "Of course, she'll get something no matter what, if you know what I mean." James raised his wand slightly, but Lily looked at him threateningly."What a shame that you're a mudblood. You'd be quite pretty otherwise." Suddenly, Lily kicked him firmly between his legs and his grip loosened. She jammed her elbow into his face before turning and sending a spell straight between his eyes. Spinning back around she immediately began dueling another figure that was charging towards them while the Marauders watched her, too stunned to do anything."Care to help!?" Lily screamed at them. Her shouts reawakened their senses and they rejoined the fight. The mist covered Harry's eyes again and he saw James' hugging Lily ecstatically after she told the Marauders she was pregnant. He saw them talking over tea in the living room of Godric's Hollow as Harry was passed between each of them. He saw Lily and Remus decorating the house for his first birthday. He saw them open his first Christmas presents merrily over cups of steaming cocoa.Then, he returned to the Headmaster's office where Remus and Dumbeldore stood. This time, Remus and Dumbeldore were both much older, yet the typical serene look in Lupin's eye was long gone. He leaned threatening over Dumbledore's desk, and the elder man leaned back in his chair, listening intently."You! You told me that he was guilty! You said that he could not be innocent! You told me not to pursue it!" Remus shouted at the headmaster. His robes were ragged and his face was pale from the full moon, yet his cheeks were flush with livid anger."I did not know," Dumbldore answered calmly, his head cocked to the side with curiosity. "I did not know any more than you did, Remus.""I DID KNOW! I KNEW BUT YOU DID NOTHING! YOU SAID TO LET IT GO! AND HE WENT TO AZKABAN FOR TWELVE BLOODY YEARS! AND YOU- THE GREAT ALBUS DUMBLEDORE- DID NOTHING!" Remus had raised his hand and shook his finger in his face, all the while, Dumbledore sat peacefully in his chair. "WHY! WHY DID YOU DECIDE THAT SIRIUS WAS NOT WORTH YOUR TIME?""Remus, I made a mistake." Lupin shook his head and pushed himself off of the desk to begin pacing the office."This somehow fits into one of your 'master plans,' doesn't it? Did you just not need him?" Something flashed dangerously behind Dumbledore's piercing eyes, but a moment later they fell back into his typical icy blue."It was a mistake," he stated firmly. "I regret-""And," he interrupted, ignoring Dumbeldore's lackluster apology. "What about Harry? Why did you give him to the Dursleys when Sirius or I would have been much better and you know it. He- he- he has SUFFERED! THEY ARE ABUSIVE YET YOU STILL INSIST HE RETURNS! WHY?""He is safe there, Remus.""He'd be safe in a lot of places, Albus. There must be something else!""It's complicated.""OBVIOUSLY! The world is complicated! Just explain! If not to me, to HARRY! HE SHOULD KNOW WHATEVER THIS IS!""Remus, I'm afraid it is simply far too complicated." Remus stopped pacing abruptly. He faced the elder man and shook his head with a blank smile and a mirthless laugh."I quit." He turned and stormed out of the office, slamming the door behind him as hard as he could. The echo from the door slamming shut faded into the dark gray smoke, and when the next scene appeared, it hardly lightened at all. Harry instantly recognized the dark walls of the kitchen in Grimmauld Place, made darker by what he presumed was midnight. Only Sirius and Remus sat at the table and the rest of the house was eerily silent."I worry about him, you know," Remus said mildly over a mug of tea."Who?""Harry."Sirius nodded thoughtfully and leaned back in his chair. "Anything in particular or just typical 'Boy Who Lived' worries?""I'm being sir- I'm not joking.""Nor am I." Yet Sirius could not help but smile as Remus almost forgot the habit he worked so hard to break at Hogwarts."I mean, he saw Voldemort return to power, dueled him, and had all three Unforgiveable Curses used on him and that only covers about one hour of his life.""And Voldemort won't rest until he… finds him," Sirius added, unable to conceptualize a world where Harry died."You know, at first I didn't like the idea of his Defense Club, but now I think it's probably a good thing.""Come around, have you?""Yeah, it'll be good for him, I think. He can keep practicing and stay aware that way, but it might also give him some confidence.""At some point he must admit that some part of him consistently beating powerful dark wizards has to do with skill and not just luck." Remus smiled knowingly and nodded at his hands."He'll be a good teacher, don't you think?""Oh, definitely. He'll be a great teacher.""How did he end up so normal? I mean, based on his past, he should be a terrible person and-""And somehow he's the best of us.""Exactly," Remus agreed."I blame it fully on genetics. Lily was always too kind for her own good.""And James was always too loyal for his own good.""And now Harry is the best of them." The mist swirled in the dark kitchen and Harry felt himself flying up off the floor at Grimmauld Place."No, it's okay. You… you deserve to know." She took a shaky breath and shut her eyes before continuing. "It felt like… like my whole body was on fire... and that every bone and muscle was being torn apart over and over again. It causes pain like you can never imagine." Silence fell on the small kitchen and her parents shared a look of concern that Hermione missed; her eyes were still closed shut against the memory and she allowed a single tear to fall which she hastily wiped away with her sleeve."Maybe… no more questions about that?" Mr. Granger said waveringly after at least a minute of silence. Hermione looked at him gratefully, but said nothing."So what happens next?" Her mom asked quietly."Britain is safe again, so you can move back if you want. The house is still there- I checked- and I can help you pack and move in minutes if you'd like and-""We still have to talk about what we want to do," Mrs. Granger cut in. "I meant what will you do next?""Oh." Hermione's back straightened in surprise. "Well, I'm going back to Hogwarts for one more year so that I can graduate and take my NEWTs.""And your two friends?""Harry and Ron aren't going back to Hogwarts. They both have jobs and plans though. But, Ginny and some of my other friends will be there still.""And Ron is the boy that was with you the other day?""Yes, and I should mention that... that we're dating now." Hermione bit her lip slightly and watched her parents carefully. Their eyes widened, yet they shared a glance that did not seem surprised."And he's the one with all of the siblings?"Hermione nodded. "But, maybe don't mention his siblings too much because one of his older brothers just died in the war." The Grangers continued to make polite conversation over their tea, and even Mrs. Granger began to warm up to her daughter again. Even if only slightly. Hermione stayed for as long as she was welcome, and when she stood to leave (after noticing their subtle hints), her mom invited them both over to dinner tomorrow night which Hermione eagerly accepted with an ecstatic smile.The rest of these two mini stories will continue in the next chapter, so stay tuned! Also, thank you to my newest reviewers and followers! I absolutely love reading your reviews, so please please please let me know what you think! Or if you have suggestions of specific holidays or days that you want to see from certain perspectives, let me know! Thanks again and I hope you enjoyed this slightly longer chapter (it was about 14 pages on google docs).

First off, thank you to NightWing2013 for making me realize that all of my lines separating subsections to the chapters didn't transfer over from my google docs! Sorry about that confusion, and I went back to fix the other chapters and will try to remember to add them in in the future.*This is a direct continuation from the last chapter*The mist swirled in the dark kitchen and Harry felt himself flying up off the floor at Grimmauld Place. He felt his spine straighten automatically and McGonagall's office came into view. Gripping the solid wood of her desk, he stopped the world from swaying after the disorienting experience of being thrown out of a pensieve and having too much information to process at once.Finally, Harry understood what Dumbledore meant all those years ago when he mentioned having too many thoughts in your head.-You told me not to pursue it!--She asked me out--They're just kids!--I think we had our first civilized conversation-He sunk into the chair lined up behind him and shut his eyes in an effort to concentrate his churning thoughts. The phrases bounced around the room and within his skull making his ears ring loudly.-We're not going anywhere, Moony--Just grow up a little-Lily. James. Harry focused on them- her adoring smile and his love-sick grin -and suddenly the other memories faded into the background. Sirius was right! Harry couldn't help himself but think. She didn't really hate him. She asked him out! They really did love each other. The image of them cradling a young Harry tugged purposefully at the corners of his mouth. And they had loved him.His chest filled with warmth and his whole body lightened. He let out a giddy laugh into the otherwise quiet office and the corners of his eyes began to sting. Tears of joy, he realized. Certainly a rarity for him. His bottom lip quivered with unrestrained emotion and his hands began to shake against his thighs.Suddenly his parents didn't seem like figments of his imagination. They weren't just a myth that everyone seemed to know or a few lines in a history book. They were real people. They had loved and cried. They found friends and made a family. They fought and struggled for what was right. They had lived. And they were good people.They were good people.James was not just a bully, like Snape had said. James had been the first to agree to give up his dreams for the Order of the Phoenix. James protected and stood by his friends, even if the world was against them. James Potter was not just an arrogant nuisance, but a good man.And Lily. She was not just the innocent, helpless girl that Snape seemed to think she was. Lily did what was right and fought for what was right. She loved people unconditionally. She was not weak or gullible, but a kind soul who believed the best in people.And Sirius said that he is the best of them.I am the best of them, he repeated.And I do look just like James, he thought. Except for Lily's eyes. Somehow, the comment that had been made too many times to count actually meant something. He resembled his father. The man who would do anything for his friends and family. He has Lily's eyes that shone with compassion, but could flare with righteous anger to defend a better world.I am the best of them, he thought again. His cheeks hurt from smiling for so long, but he couldn't seem to let it slip. I am the best of them. And he began to believe it."I'm kind of nervous, 'Mione," Ron called into the bathroom. He sifted through their trunk for a decent muggle shirt that wasn't completely wrinkled by his poor folding skills."Me too," Hermione admitted while struggling to pull a comb through her hair."You're supposed to say don't worry and that they'll love me!" He dropped his hands to his side and the shirt he was examining fell with them."I don't think anything about this 'meeting the parents' is traditional, Ron.""True. Wait, why are you nervous? You already talked to them twice since we've been here." He pulled off the wrinkled shirt he had on and pulled on the other over his head."And you've already met them so you shouldn't be nervous either," she retorted through the open door."Yeah, but I met them when I was a twelve-year-old midget and I didn't say anything when we went to reverse their memories so I practically have to start all over again.""Not all over again. I did mention you quite a bit in my letters home and we talked about you yesterday.""Well that's comforting," he rolled his eyes, not that she could see, but his voice was dripping in sarcasm which made the intended point obvious."All good things," she clarified."Oh sure. Even in third year when we were fighting? Or when we fought over Lavender in sixth year?""Okay, mostly good things." Hermione finally walked out of the bathroom with a small smile. "You'll be great and they're going to love you." She stood on her toes to kiss him on the cheek."Does this look okay?" Ron held his arms out with his palms facing forward and was eying his own choice of clothing carefully. He wore a blue collared shirt with gray jeans and a black jacket."You look great, Ron." His arms dropped to his sides and turned a bright red."So do you," he muttered as he stepped closer to her. She wore jeans and a plain white sweater. She had even managed to tie a pink scarf around her half-ponytail that pulled the majority of her stray hair out of her face. Hermione rose on her toes again and wrapped her arms around Ron's neck and kissed him passionately. Ron bent down slightly, grabbed her waist and pulled her closer to him. When they separated, neither dropped their gaze, but both blushed a fierce pink."We should probably get going," Hermione said at last. She picked up her purse, slung it over her shoulder, and headed for the door."Aren't we apparating?" Ron asked, shoving his wand into the pocket of his jacket."I thought it would be best if we walked, actually. They're still quite apprehensive of magic so the more normal we act, the better."He shrugged, but followed her out the door. "All right.""And, they'll probably ask for our wands before they let us come in," she whispered in the hotel hallway."All right." He was careful to keep his voice even to hide the small burst of panic that erupted in his stomach from the thought of voluntarily handing over his wand so that it was not only out of reach, but out of sight. He quelled the panic with a few deep breaths and knew that he would hand over his wand or anything else if it meant Hermione's happiness.The sound of heels clicking against stone announced someone drawing closer, pulling Harry away from the past and back to reality. The door squeaked open behind Harry and he instinctively reached under his jacket for his wand, but relaxed when he saw McGonagall entering the room."Oh, Harry. You're done then?" she asked as she approached her desk."Yeah." His cheeks were still flush with pleasure and she couldn't help but smile while she set her parchment neatly in the corner of her desk."And how was it?""Brilliant." He stood from his chair and drew his wand to fish out the strand of memories and place it carefully back in the vial. McGonagall pointed her own wand at the stone bowl and levitated it back into its cupboard and the doors around it snapped shut.Tactfully, she decided not to press for details of the private memories. "And how are things without your two partners in crime?" she asked instead."I'm fi-" His words died in his throat. Hermione's constant reminders to not lie about how he was doing blocked his automatic response. With a sigh, he confessed "I've been better, I suppose."Her eyes widened at the honesty. "Well, I'm not surprised. The three of you have been together nonstop for over a year now. Although, most other people would grow tired of seeing the same people for months on end.""They're my family," he mumbled with a shrug. She sighed, removed her drooping pointed hat, and set it on top of the stack of parchment."I try so hard not to compare you to your parents, but when you say things like that, it's nearly impossible." Harry looked away from his hands and met her gaze. "They were each other's family too, the five of them." She smiled wistfully and pulled away from his green eyes. Instead, she reached to one side of the desk and uncovered a tin where she pulled out a biscuit. Harry grabbed a shortbread automatically before she even had the chance to offer. One eyebrow raised and her lips formed a thin line."You're getting far too comfortable here, Harry." He swallowed his shortbread and smiled with only a trace of guilt."It's your fault for saying I could come at any time, Minnie.""I suppose I really should have chosen my words more carefully." Harry leaned forward and took another shortbread."I have a question for you.""Yes?""What happened with the griffin outside your office? I didn't know the password, but it just let me in after asking for my name and the last time I was here. It doesn't seem very secure. Then again, you could always guess Dumbledore's password," he mused. While waiting for a response, he shoved the second half of the biscuit into his mouth."When I fixed it, I may have added a few extra spells to it so now it can recognize certain people and let them in even if they don't have the password. But, for your future knowledge, the password is currently Isla Haddow.""Isla Haddow?" He asked curiously while resisting the temptation to take another biscuit."Yes. She's a famous Scottish Quidditch player, Potter." Suddenly, her strict tone returned. Quidditch always was a serious topic, after all."Oh, so are all of your passwords going to be Quidditch players?""I don't intend on having a theme, at the moment. Although I do think I'll change it every month like Dumbledore always did. And professors here always know the password, so you'll be notified whenever I change it." He didn't bother to ask how he would be notified. He figured he would find out in about a month anyways. "And I do hope that I don't regret you knowing the password."Harry smirked in spite of himself and responded, "Why would you ever regret such a thing, Minnie?"Dinner went relatively smoothly. Hermione was right in that they did hand over their wands before being granted entrance into the one-story house. There was no arguing or shouting or tears, only civilized conversation. Yet, the conversation was decidedly forced and overly polite with all concerned parties paying far too much attention to their every word and movement for a family meal.Mr. and Mrs. Granger got to know Ron as their only child's boyfriend with a series of questions throughout the dinner and he responded kindly, but lacked his usual flare of sarcastic wit. They all wore smiles and exchanged pleasantries, but there were no hugs, no handshakes, no pats on the back. The whole affair was rather like meeting work colleagues for the first time outside of the office or the uncomfortable coincidence of seeing a professor outside of school. But, even with the awkwardness, the Grangers had announced their decision that they were going to move back to their home in Britain that still waited for them. They had even accepted the invitation to the Burrow in a few short weeks to attend Harry's birthday party and meet everyone that they had only heard about their letters.With a pop, Hermione and Ron disappeared from a secluded corner of the residential street and appeared at the foot of their hotel bed."That wasn't too bad!" Ron said merrily. Hermione pulled off her purse and set it on the table, busying herself so that Ron wouldn't see her anxious expression."It definitely could have been worse," she agreed without really agreeing to anything."Do you think they liked me, 'Mione?" his smile fell and matched her own worried expression."I'm sure they did. I think they're just on edge still, which I can't blame them for, obviously. But…""Yeah?" Ron prodded."Well, I just hope that we get back to normal at some point. My parents and I, that is.""You will," he said automatically. "Without a doubt." Hermione, however, still looked doubtful. "Well, they are moving back to England, they agreed to come to Harry's party, and accepted our help packing. I doubt they would do all that if it was a lost cause." She smiled gratefully."I'm still surprised they agreed to let us help them pack, actually.""Why?""We were pretty obvious that we could use magic to pack their things quickly, right?""Yeah. We were as obvious as we could be." He shrugged, thinking back to their conversation. They both fell silent, lost in their own thoughts. "They must really hate packing.""Hello, dear!" Curtis pulled open the door and shielded his eyes from the glaring morning sun. "Come in, come in!" He stepped aside to allow Ron and Hermione to walk into the small hallway and he didn't ask for their wands. He hesitated by the door, and after a moment of indecision, pulled his daughter into a hug. Over her dad's shoulder, she made eye contact with Ron who gave her a thumbs up at the obvious move in the right direction. After separating again, Mr. Granger shook Ron's hand and led them into the living room where they had first arrived a little over a week ago.Mrs. Granger sat crossed leg on the floor in front of a chest of drawers, all of which were open, and was separating their random things into two piles. She looked up when she heard their footsteps echoing against the wooden paneled floors and smiled halfheartedly."Thanks for offering your help," she said without moving from the floor."Of course, Mum. What do you want us to do?" Hermione asked politely. The sun shone through the windows, and even though it was winter in Australia, the room was quite stuffy. She pulled off her jacket and set it carefully over the back of the armchair."You haven't explained yet, Curtis?" Juliet didn't look up from the pile of placemats in her lap. She decisively tossed them into the pile on her right."Oh right!" He said from the doorway. "You said that our house is still intact in Britain, yes?" Hermione nodded. "Okay, then we're going to leave the furniture here and our realtor will just sell it with the house. We got most of it cheap and second-hand anyways," he began with a careless wave of his hand. "So, we're just going to decide what things we want to take with us and put it in our suitcases to take on the plane. Hopefully, we can fit it all in, otherwise I'll go out and buy some more bags. Anyways, while we decide on what we want to bring, you two can fit them into the suitcases." Hermione opened her mouth to respond, but her mother started to talk without looking up."We know that you want to use magic to pack." Hermione and Roon shared a quick glance. "And we're okay with it." Ron let out a breath that he wasn't aware he was holding. Mrs. Granger finally looked up and locked eyes with the two of them. "But, you can only use magic for packing and tell us what you are going to do." They both nodded and she turned back to her piles, clearly satisfied that they understood."Right," Curtis said awkwardly. "Why don't you follow me and you can help me bring the suitcases?""Dad?""Hmm?" He responded lightly as they walked towards a closet and he began pulling out navy blue bags."If you want, I can put an undetectable extension charm on the bag so that you have more room to bring whatever you want. I did it on my purse, see?" She handed him her small bag. He peered into its small contents and his eyes grew wide in wonder."Wow! And you can do that to all of these?" He pointed at the three cases that stood lined up beside him."Yeah." Ron was suddenly reminded of his own father, who was amazed at the opposite things. They will get along quite well at the party, he thought to himself. Mr. Granger stood aside and watched eagerly as Hermione pointed her wand at each of the three suitcases. He unzipped them and stuck his arm inside one and laughed out loud as he could lean all the way to his armpit without even scraping the bottom. Ron and Hermione grinned at each other and pushed one of the other cases back into the living room.There, Mrs. Granger pointed to which piles they were going to take and which ones could be put into the bag to be donated."I'm going to use magic to pack them away, okay?" Hermione said cautiously before pulling out her wand. Her mom nodded curtly and pursed her lips, but had no objections. So, Ron pointed his wand at the discarded goods and Hermione pointed hers at the others. Simultaneously, they both ordered "pack" and watched as the miscellaneous items flew into their designated spaces. Hermione's made neat stacks against the edges of the trunk, while Ron's haphazardly piled into the bag.Even with her clear distrust of magic, Mrs. Granger couldn't help herself from watching the silverware and blankets flying into the suitcase and seemingly packing themselves. By dinner time, the entirety of the house that the Grangers wanted to take was packed into three suitcases, ready for their trip on the airplane next week. The tension seemed to ease somewhat as Curtis and Juliet grew more accustomed to small bits of magic in their house again. Curtis told embarrassing stories of Hermione as a little girl, causing Hermione to blush furiously and Ron to look at her adoringly while begging for more blackmail material. Ron made jokes across the dinner table and Hermione joined in retelling stories of Hogwarts. When they stood to go back to their hotel room, Curtis embraced them both and ensured that he would see them soon at the Burrow. Juliet even managed a quick hug with her daughter and a shoulder pat for Ron before they disapparated from the entryway.The following morning, Ron and Hermione took hold of the fractured picture frame and were pulled back to the Burrow in a haze of blue light.Also, I reached 100 pages of this story! Yay! (According to google docs that is) Next chapter will be all about Harry's 18th birthday party, so stay tuned for that. And I love reading your reviews! They're so amazing and I really appreciate them. Please please please let me know what you think!With that, I'm done rambling. Have a great morning/day/night.

Harry's 18th Birthday PartyThe morning haze had long since burned off by the afternoon sun, and the sky was a clear, bright blue. Ron and George were busy draping red and gold streamers from any surface they could find across the backyard while Hermione charmed small red and gold orbs of light to float above them. Ginny and Mrs. Weasley hurried past Harry on their way outside, both carrying large plates filled with food and snacks which were placed on a decorated table hiding in the shade near the house."How many people did you say were invited?" Harry whispered anxiously to Ron, eyeing the table threatening to collapse under the weight of food."All the Weasleys, of course, the old Order, the DA and some of their families, Hermione's parents, and a bunch of reporters," he replied happily. Harry's head snapped towards him and Ron instantly held up his hands as if to ward off an attack. "Kidding about the reporters.""That's still a ton of people, Ron.""All here to celebrate you." Ron gave an affection slap to his shoulder, but the uncomfortable expression on his friend's face did not fade. "Oh come on, enjoy it! You've never had a proper birthday party so you can't say you don't like it before you've tried it. Plus, with all of our friends, it's bound to be a good time." Harry made no comments, but instead watched George levitate a large banner over the table of food that read "Happy Birthday Harry!""Really?" Harry said, shifting uncomfortably."What, too small? We can make it bigger. Hey George!" Ron shouted, striding forward with a large grin and Harry grabbing his arm and attempting to talk over him."Don't approve, Harry?" George said in mock surprise. "I guess we'll have to go with plan B, huh Ron?" He agreed with a nod of his head while Harry shook his furiously, not wanting to find out what Plan B was. George pointed his wand at the banner and changed it to read "Happy Birthday to the Chosen One, Boy Who Lived, and Savior of the Wizarding World!" The letters shrunk to fit the annoyingly long title on the banner and Harry's cheeks burned scarlet to match the decorations."Change it back," he demanded."Ah, he changes his tune. Too little too late, I reckon," George mused thoughtfully, eyeing the banner standing beside Ron and Harry."Wow, Harry. I didn't know you were one for bragging." The three turned around to see Charlie walking towards them after apparting just beyond the fence's border."Change it back, George.""Fiiiine," he whined grudgingly with a smirk. The banner switched to its original message and Harry's cheeks slowly turned back to his normal color as he turned again to face Charlie."Happy birthday Harry! Sorry, I can't quite remember all of the titles you apparently wanted to be called," Charlie joked happily. Harry shook his hand and accepted his well wishes with an obvious eye roll. The next five minutes were filled with greeting the rest of the Weasleys as they apparated to the Burrow to help set-up, each holding wrapped gifts which they began to pile onto the empty table next to the food. Luckily, Charlie was the only one to see the extended banner."Are you sure we're going the right way?" Mrs. Granger peered out the passenger window to see beautiful yet decidedly empty rolling hills, and no houses along the dirt road."Positive. We'll be there soon," her husband replied confidently. "Ron said it was way off the beaten path, remember?""Such a pain to get there, though.""Well they don't use cars to travel, so it's probably not a problem.""I am rather nervous to go, are you?" She looked at Curtis anxiously, but he didn't take his eyes off of the bouncing road ahead of him. "We'll be the only muggles there, won't we?""Doesn't Harry have some muggle family too?""They were really terrible to him from what I understand, so I doubt they were invited.""Oh," he replied softly, trying to hide his growing nerves. "I'm sure it'll be fine though. I'm actually excited to meet all the people Hermione's been telling us about all these years!""I suppose it'll be good to put a face to the name and all that." She returned to staring listlessly out of the car window."Here we are," Mr. Granger announced as the towering house came into view. "Um, there's no driveway… where should I park?" The car slowed to a crawl as they scanned the surroundings."Just leave it here." She unbuckled her seat belt. "No one else has a car." With a shrug, Curtis put the car in park in the middle of the thin one-way road and shut the door behind him. He studied the oddly shaped house apprehensively, took his wife's hand, and they made their way through the overgrown garden to the front door."They're here!" Hermione shouted from the kitchen. "Everyone, please remember that they're muggles so-""Be on our best behavior, we know Hermione," Ron finished. "Do you want to get that?" He motioned to the door as a second knock echoed against the wood. She pushed passed him at a sprint and slid to a stop in front of the door before pulling it open and embracing her two parents."Ron, good to see you again!" Curtis shook his hand smiling."Good to see you too, Mr. Granger! This is my Dad, Arthur," Ron introduced his giddy father who couldn't seem to believe his luck at having two muggles at his house and whispered a warning into his ear before leaving to greet Hermione's Mom. After a quick hello between the two, Hermione led both parents into the backyard where everyone else was chatting under the festive decorations."This is Molly, Ron's Mom, and this is Charlie and Bill and Fleur- they're married-and Percy and George and Ginny and Harry," Hermione listed out, moving along the half circle of the assembled family. "Everyone, these are my parents, Juliet and Curtis." The names were already blending together into one red-headed blob for her parents and after they all said a simultaneous hello, Juliet turned to the one she could easily recognize."Harry! Happy Birthday!" She said with a large smile to the black haired teen. Hermione stood back with her father as her mom approached him. Harry was the only other person who knew about muggles from first-hand experience, so she wasn't too worried about him."Thanks, Mrs. Granger!" He smiled back at her and stepped aside to let her into the small circle he had formed with two of the many red-headed kids. "It's nice to see you again. I hope this isn't too sudden for you. I'm sure you're not used to this many witches and wizards in one place."Thank God, someone else here gets it, she thought relieved. "It is quite weird, I must admit. But, I'm glad I can finally put faces to the names," she turned with a smile to the two siblings."I'm Ginny," she reintroduced herself and held out her hand."Ginny!" The name sparked a realization for her. "Yes, the youngest, right?""Yeah. So don't worry, I'm not allowed to do magic for another month still." Ginny scowled and Mrs. Granger nodded her head distractedly. This, she could understand. Hermione wasn't allowed to do magic at home for quite some time either."I'm George and I am allowed to do magic," he said happily. Ginny stuck his tongue out at him and crossed her arms while muttering darkly. Most likely about her plans for revenge."Nice to meet you, George." She clutched her purse in front of her nervously and looked around the yard for a subject to grasp onto. "Harry, Hermione showed me that article about you in your paper." Ginny's frown instantly turned into a smirk."She did, did she?" Harry ran a hand through his hair nervously and attempted to force his cheeks to stop blushing."From what I understood, you're quite the hero aren't you? And you're rather good at magic, huh?""Hermione's better than me in most subjects, actually," he replied, eager to change the topic of conversation before George or Ginny could interject.Hermione, still watching their small group from the corner of her eye, relaxed slightly when she saw her mom smiling. She made a mental note to thank Harry later and turned back to her father who had begun to walk across the yard to the elder Weasley brothers."Hello, hello!" He said cheerfully. Charlie raised his bottle of butterbeer in greeting and Bill smiled warmly at them."You're Bill, right?""He's Bill, I'm Charlie," the latter clarified. "Nice to finally meet you.""Oh right, sorry.""No worries. There's an awful lot of us, after all," Bill replied warmly.He chuckled appreciatively. "Indeed there are. So, your Dad works for your Ministry, right? What do you two do?" The two Weasleys looked at Hermione apprehensively, unsure of how to respond. Earlier, they had both been warned to keep things as non-magical as possible around her parents."Er…""Bill is going to be teaching at Hogwarts this year and Charlie… well, he works with dragons," Hermione answered for them, unable to create a somewhat truthful yet non magical version of Charlie's job."Dragons!? Good lord, that's remarkable! That must be a rather dangerous profession, though.""Yeah, it keeps me on my toes. I'm sure Harry can tell you about that too.""What?""Long story, but yeah, it's a fun job. What do you do, again?""I'm a dentist.""Oh! A tooth doctor, right?" Bill clarified, finally putting his one year of Muggle Studies to good use. Mr. Weasley joined the circle and the two fathers quickly started exchanging enthusiastic questions about their lives, leaving Bill, Charlie, and eventually Hermione to excuse themselves politely from the pair.At precisely three in the afternoon, people began appearing in the surrounding fields just outside the white fence. Neville was the first to arrive with his grandmother in tow. They both headed straight for Ron, Hermione, and Harry, all of whom waved at their fellow Gryffindor."Happy Birthday, Harry!" Neville said as he approached the trio."Thanks, mate. Good to see you, again!""Hey Ron, hey Hermione! I feel like I haven't seen you in ages!""Neville! Aren't you going to introduce me?" His grandmother slapped him on the arm. Harry noticed that she was not wearing a vulture hat, as he had always imagined, but she did have her now iconic handbag draped across her arm."You already met them! At St. Mungo's, remember?" he replied indignantly."Yes, I certainly remember. But as you are more acquainted with them, it's the polite thing to do." The small woman turned back towards them and waited not-so-patiently for her grandson."Fine. Guys, this is my grandmother, Augustus Longbottom.""Thank you, dear. And happy birthday, Mr. Potter." Before he could reply, she barrelled on. "I recently started taking the Daily Prophet again and I read that article about you three just the other week. I must say, I was quite impressed. Obviously, I was impressed by all the stories Neville told me about you," (Neville turned a fierce scarlet and studied his shoes) "but after hearing what you accomplished, well… you all must be quite talented and brave to say the least.""Thank you, Mrs. Longbottom. That's so kind of you," Hermione said graciously. She fought the urge to kick her two friends to say something, but thankfully, Harry complied without any violence needed."Thanks," he managed. Pleased that she had said her bit, Augustus walked briskly away to find Molly. "What stories have you told about me, Neville?" Harry asked innocently once she was out of earshot."Oh, shove off, Potter. Otherwise, I'm taking back your present. Where should I put it, by the way?" Neville asked Ron, holding up a small wrapped box."Over there," Ron pointed at the table near the house and watched Neville walk over to it as the next guests approached them. Guests that were bound for a much more awkward encounter."Hello, Harry. Best wishes on your 18th birthday," the dreamy voice of Luna Lovegood floated towards them. Her tall father shuffled behind her awkwardly, looking at his shoes so that his pale blond hair hung in waves covering his eyes. The trio exchanged their hellos with their friend, and the trio glanced anxiously at Xenophilius unabashedly."Dad, stop looking at the grass and say happy birthday," she scolded as if he was her own child and not the other way around. What an odd experience to have Luna correct you on social cues, Ron thought mirthfully."Yes, yes, of course. Happy birthday, Harry." He glanced up and met his eyes for a second before staring at his daughter's shoulder."Thanks," he replied tensely."Dad, I told you. Harry is a forgiving person if you'd just say something." Luna's soft voice was replaced with a harder edge that she seldom used, but it got the job done."Right," he began grudgingly. "About the last time we saw each other…" he trailed off, but no one filled in so he was forced to continue. "I am terribly sorry for attempting to turn you in. My Luna means the world to me and I was just trying to do something to get her back, not that that justifies my actions because I fully regret what I did. So, I must also thank you for saving her and bringing her back to me." He brushed away a lock of his pale hair away from his face and gazed at them each avidly with large and unblinking eyes."Right…" Harry started. He glanced at Ron whose eyebrows betrayed his utter confusion on what he should say or do."Thank you for saying that, Mr. Lovegood," Hermione said politely, smoothing over the awkwardness."Yeah, thanks for apologizing," Harry added on to Hermione's non-committing response. They all stood in an awkward and unspeaking circle and suddenly, Harry desperately needed something to do with his hands. "I'm going to grab a butterbeer," he announced and led his friends to the table where a bin full of drinks rested under the table.With a bottle in hand, Harry endured the next half an hour of accepting well-wishes, more than a few more awkward introductions to parents who tagged along with their kids clearly just to meet him before leaving again, and greeting old friends. The entirety of the remaining DA showed up as well as Andromeda, Teddy, Professor McGonagall, and Hagrid. After shaking hands with awestruck parents standing next to the uncomfortable DA member who quietly urged them to leave, Harry was left alone with his friends, all of whom had supported him consistently throughout the years (mostly). And even with Ron's smug look and his unspoken 'I told you so's,' Harry did have a good time.There were enough kids to have a full game of Quidditch and after a few apparated home to grab their broomsticks, teams were made. Harry and Ginny were made team captains and after snide comments from both while the rest of the players assembled, they chose their teams. Harry chose Ron, Angelina Johnson, Katie Bell, Dean Thomas, Michael Corner, and Justin Finch-Fletchey. Ginny had George, Charlie, Bill, Alicia Spinnet, Cho Chang, and Lee Jordan."You're going down, Weasley," Harry muttered out of the corner of his mouth as they swung their legs around their broomsticks."Says the wizard who hasn't practiced for over a year." He scoffed and kicked off from the ground, hearing the rest of his team follow suit. From the ground, Hermione levitated the quaffle in the middle of their pitch and after counting to three, let it drop and the game began.From the sidelines, Mr. and Mrs. Granger watched with interest while Hermione and McGonagall explained the rules to them. The rest of the DA idled by and made bets on outcomes as well as keeping track of the score. Neville and Hannah Abott were partially watching, but mostly were talking over their own drinks, hardly aware of their surroundings.Harry and Charlie both circled the field on the broom while scanning the air for a flash of gold."I forgot you were a seeker, Charlie," Harry commented."Yeah, a seeker out of practice for sure.""Same here." Below them, the game was beginning to lose all sight of the rules. George was conveniently parked in front of their hoops alongside Lee Jordan, the actual keeper for the team, and claimed to be 'protecting the hoops from bludgers' when in reality, he used his bat to hit the quaffle that Angelina shot at the hoops to the other end of the field. In turn, Dean (a beater) began chucking quaffles at George. Ginny flew up to the seekers for the sole purpose of distracting a laughing Harry by grabbing onto the end of his broomstick and urging Charlie to grab the snitch, even though none of them have seen it yet. After about thirty minutes of this, all three of them spotted a bright flash of gold so Harry bumped into the two Weasleys that were currently sandwiching him from either side and chased after the snitch. It danced just past the left hoop where Ron was guarding, and Harry ducked his head to fly through it, reached out and grabbed the golden ball with Charlie tailing him. He held it up in his crumpled fist and the onlookers finally saw that the game ended and started clapping and exchanging galleons and sickles."We still won, Potter," Ginny shouted as they approached the grass."No way! I caught the snitch!""Well we definitely got way more than fifteen goals. I'm pretty sure the score is 450 to 150.""Really. You scored forty-five goals in thirty minutes?""Definitely.""I think you're just a sore loser. Hey, Neville! Who won?""What? Oh, no idea," he responded shamelessly."Fine, since it's your birthday, we can tie.""Wow, how kind of you.""I know." Harry rolled his eyes, but followed her to the shed where they stored their brooms away and returned back to the party. The sun was beginning to set and everyone was joined under the spheres of light that were levitating over their heads. With the dusk approaching, Harry was forcibly reminded of the last large party they had here and he unconsciously took out his wand and began tapping it idly against his leg. His eyes scanned the crowd, waiting for a cloaked figure or curse to come out of nowhere.Hermione approached him, biting her lip, and glanced down at his wand shooting out sparks every so often. "Reminds you of the wedding?" she asked bluntly."Yeah." She nodded and the two stood near the outskirts of the people and watched carefully for any signs. He rocked back and forth on his toes, itching to do something. To protect everyone from the incoming danger. To be ready to fight. His expression hardened and he lost his smile, but continued to tap his wand. Eventually, Mrs. Weasley and Bill approached them."Put your wand away, Harry!" she said sternly and locked eyes with him before continuing to the kitchen to bring out dinner."For some reason, people are quite nervous to see Harry Potter watching them all with his wand at the ready," he commented with a smirk, his arms crossed. Harry stopped tapping his wand immediately and scanned the crowd again, this time seeing only worried faces that glanced over at him and Hermione."Right. Sorry." Harry didn't shove his wand back into his pocket yet, but hid it behind his back. Hermione walked off to the kitchen to help Mrs. Weasley bring out the next round of food with as many backward glances at the crowd as she could manage."Come on, Harry. This won't be like the wedding," Bill continued, taking her place. "There's no death eaters and no ministry take-overs.""Constant vigilance, Bill," Harry said monotonously, hoping to distract him enough so that he could still hold on to his wand without any more reprimands."Wasn't it a death eater who taught you that?""Of course it was." He let out a sigh and rolled his eyes. Slyly, Bill slid his wand out of his own back pocket and sent a stream of fall leaves headed his way. Without registering that someone had shot a spell at him, Harry waved the red orange blur away. But, before he could retaliate, Hermione strode out of the door next to them and whispered urgently."Harry! No magic with my parents here!" Bill smirked and pushed himself off the wall that he was leaning against."Bad luck, Potter," he said quietly and followed his Mom to the table where she placed the next round of food. Finally, Harry slid his wand into his own back pocket and joined the mass of people waiting to fill their own plates. After another half hour of no incidents, Harry managed to relax and forget about the impending doom that he desperately wanted to be prepared for. Instead, he talked with old friends, played games of Exploding Snap, introduced his godson to the DA, agreed to return to Hogwarts next week with Bill to plan their teaching schedules, and blushed violently as everyone sang a loud and off-tune chorus of happy birthday to him.Nearing eleven o'clock at night, the last straggling guest went home and they were now tasked with the unpleasant task of cleaning up."That looks heavy, Ginny," Harry commented, staring pointedly at the large bucket of non-melting ice. "Wouldn't it be easier to just levitate it?""Ha. Ha. Very funny." She rolled her eyes, and continued to make her way to the kitchen with her head poking around the stainless steel rim."I thought so." He walked past her easily, levitating a plate of leftover food in front of him."Just you wait, Potter. Another month and I'll be seventeen." Harry smiled at her and dropped the empty platter he levitated onto the countertop."Thank you for everything, Mrs. Weasley. And the food was delicious.""Of course, dear." She smiled warmly at him and after flicking her wand at the dishes so that they began to scrub themselves, she pulled him into a bone-crushing hug.What would we have done if you really had died? The thought crossed her mind as it did every time she saw him, along with the image of him laying unmoving and dead in Hagrid's arms. She held onto him a moment longer than necessary. She sighed heavily and kissed his cheek before turning hurriedly away back into the yard to clean up. But he didn't! He's still here, as are the rest of them. She had to remind herself. They're still here.As always, thank you for reading! My latest chapter got the most reviews so far, so thank you to all of you who left me a review. It is much appreciated, so please feel free to leave some more!The next chapter will be getting ready to return to Hogwarts and I am planning on publishing it later this week.
