Disclaimer: This story is fan-created content. I don't own Harry Potter. J. K. Rowling is an incredible writer and I don't take credit for her amazing work. The world and the characters - except the OCs - are hers and all rights belong to her.A/N: Hello, dear readers! This is the first chapter of this story. The idea came to me some time ago but I never got to write any of it down until now. If you're searching for a cute love story, you found yourself lucky! I've got a lot of plans for this story and for its characters. First of, there's Lupe. Our main character and you will see she's quite unique. In most stories, the main character is either incredibly confident or shy. Either an icy Slytherin or a brave Gryffindor. Lupe is a Hufflepuff and I think she's one of a kind. Nice and friendly like a Hufflepuff should be but at the same time she's so much more. I mean, you just have to look at who she's friends with...Enough said... have fun reading!When I was young I had been scared of the dark. I had been afraid to walk down the hallway to my bedroom at my grandparent's estate when the light was turned off. I had been afraid that there would be something or someone waiting to get me and scare me. As long as the light had been off, I would have fears. Sometimes I had been so afraid that I had needed to close my eyes and run down the hallway to my room. I guess I had thought that whatever was waiting for me would not get me if was faster that it was. I had thought that by closing my eyes and running away it would go away too.I had been so scared of the dark. And I still was to some extent. I most likely will always prefer the light. But now I also kind of liked the darkness and the change to the world it brought. Exploring the castle and its secrets was different in the darkness, the world was enchanted - more enchanted. It felt like a little adventure. I didn't even particularly like adventures but Hogwarts at night and in the dark was a different Hogwarts than the Hogwarts at day and in the light. I liked the change, even though I didn't particularly like change.At night, the hallways in the castle were deserted and dark, so dark I couldn't see much detail. Only my wand alone illuminated the path I took under the guidance of Mrs. Norris. It was also quite cool. Well, it was night and the weather was generally cold in the winter months. Of course I had forgotten to bring my cloak with me, which I was already bitterly missing. I knew exactly where it lay: neatly folded over the back of my desk chair... Merlin, normally I wasn't so scatterbrained.The ghost cat, Mrs. Norris, hissed discontentedly to my right side and drew my attention to herself."What is it, Nora?" I asked her. Meanwhile I pulled the thin black jacket tighter around my chest.Her yellow eyes flashed through the dark with an intelligence unusual for a cat. It still seemed a little strange to me how clearly she seemed to understand me and how easy it was for me to grasp her own thoughts. I would almost describe us as a well-coordinated team.Mrs. Norris' head suddenly popped forward. Her yellow eyes narrowed to slits and her blue-transparent fur stood up for a few seconds. She paused in her movement, waiting. I also stopped and listened, standing next to the ghost cat, but to me it was completely silent. No sound reached my ears, but I was not as skilled a spy as Mrs. Norris was."Nora?," I whispered barely audibe, but the cat skillfully ignored me. Afterwards I kept my mouth shut.Mrs. Norris knew more about Hogwarts than any teacher or student. Without her, I would be completely lost on my nightly walks and visits. Not only would I get lost in the huge castle and its many cul-de-sacs and corridors, but it was also Mrs. Norris alone who prevented me from running into a patrolling teacher or prefect. She knew the corridors where normally no one crossed paths with anyone, and if someone did cross our path, she noticed it in time and scurried into an old classroom or broom closet where we could hide.With Mrs. Norris' help I had never been caught. And I was really grateful to the stubborn ghost cat for that, because she was not really known for her generous nature. In the past - before her death and before her master retired - she had been the caretaker's cat, and had immediately ratted on any student who wandered around the castle past curfew. And from time to time she still felt the need to snitch on selected pupils to teachers, but I had never been one of those pupils. Mrs Norris liked me. At least I thought so, because not only did she not rat me out, but she also supported me in sneaking around. Just now, for example, we were returning from a short stop at Myrtle's.Our "friendship" - if you could call it that - had started sometime in the middle of my third year at school. Mrs. Norris had caught me one night when I scurried too hastily around a corner and almost stepped on her translucent tail in the process. I don't know why, but she hadn't sent a prefect after me. I had never been a great cat person and I had never heard much good things about the former caretaker cat. And yet for the next few minutes after this meeting we had just stared motionlessly into each other's eyes. I had frozen out of surprise, and she had watched me with an interest that I found a bit eerie at the time. Now I was well aware that there was nothing to be afraid of when the yellow eyes of the ghost cat sparkled at you with interest. Only when she was bad-tempered or even bored should you leave.In the following months I had met her again and again. Maybe she had followed me even then, I don't know, but at some point every friday evening, when I sneaked out at night, she would stand outside the entrance to the Hufflepuff common room and wait for me. At first she just accompanied me, but after a while she also gave me tips, warned me of unwanted encounters and eventually even took on the role of the tour guide, showing me shortcuts and paths I had never known existed. I learned to interpret her snarling, purring and even the way she bared her sharp teeth correctly.I talked to Mrs. Norris like did to a normal person. She was very clever and cunning, sometimes a little mean (even if not particulary to me). The cat understood what she was being told, but I had also learned quickly that she did not follow any orders. She was very stubborn and willful. You had to strike the right note when you talked to her, not too flattering and not as if you were sublime. I spoke to her as if she was an old good friend whom I respected and whose advice I took to heart. And I think that was the trick. That's how you win the loyalty of the ghost cat - you needed a little patience, time and sensitivity (i mean, she even let me give her a nickname).And one was not allowed to be afraid. Mrs. Norris detested and loved fear at the same time. She enjoyed scaring the students, but at the same time she hated them for being scared. She probably found it silly. I think the reason why she had developed an interest in me at all was because I hadn't benn afraid of her when we first met. Of course I was surprised and amazed, but I had not felt any fear - and I was not even a particularly brave person, to be honest. She had noticed this immediately and perhaps even appreciated it a little.But who knows, maybe I just interpreted too much into the nature of this cat. Because basically I did not expect that she would abandon me, just like that. And yet that is exactly what she did tonight.It happened too fast for my eyes to follow. Mrs. Norris sprinted out of nowhere. Her claws would surely be scraping the floor, screeching if she wasn't a ghost. Then she jumped silently through the next best wall and stayed gone.I frowned. Where had she gone? And what was she thinking? Leaving me standing somewhere in the middle of nowhere. Mrs Norris knew perfectly well that I was always getting lost. I would need her help to find my way back to the vaulted cellar of the Hufflepuffs. And yet I would probably have to go back alone now.I groaned softly and cursed Mrs. Norris for this meanness before continuing on my way. I tried not to make a sound and pricked up my ears. Normally I relied on Mrs. Norris' hearing and serendipity, but unfortunately I could no longer make use of this luxury.One should probably not expect too much from a ghost cat. Especially when you consider that she had a mind of her own and usually haunted and scared first graders to death. If a cat like Mrs. Norris didn't want to walk you around the castle, she didn't. I wouldn't force her to, I couldn't anyway. Most of the time Mrs. Norris proved to be a faithful companion, but there were also days when she changed her mind suddenly. Today seemed to be one of those.I sighed. I hoped she would join me again later. This part of the castle was rather unknown to me. So I did not quite trust my own sense of direction. With a bit of luck, Mrs. Norris would show mercy - she must know that I didn't know my way around - and would take me back to the common room after all. Even though I didn't really expect it, if I was being honest.Slowly I stepped around the next corner. My wand created a small light at its tip, so I could see better where I was going. However, the level of light was too low to illuminate the end of the corridor as well, so I listened and first made sure that the coast was really clear.I walked a few steps, then I heard a faint rustle from further ahead. My feet stopped abruptly, almost as if someone had nailed them to the floor with a spell."Nora?", I asked again in a whisper. A rustling could be heard again. It could never be the ghost cat. Nora was far too clever to make any unintended sound at all.I carefully approached the place where I suspected the rustling had come from. I cannot explain why I was so naive in my approach to the origin of the mysterious sound. It had nothing to do with courage or curiosity, it was much more a reflex. I automatically approached the rustling. It was like breathing and blinking - an automatism. Without giving much thought to what I was doing, my legs took one step at a time.One, two, three steps. The rustling had disappeared. Four, five steps. Instead I heard an unexpected meowing and hissing behind me. Six, seven steps. To my trained ears it had sounded like a warning. So I stopped, but before I could even turn around to Mrs. Norris and ask her about it, fireworks went off right before my eyes.The bright light was so blinding that it almost etched my retina away, or at least it felt like that way. Coloured lights penetrated my vision and I tried to blink them away, but I couldn't succeed. Never before in my life had I been exposed to so many different bright and garish colours at the same time. It hurt. My head began to buzz and my vision became blurred. A red comet flew past my right side and a white spotlight came from the opposite direction. I was afraid the things would blow off one of my arms or something, but nothing like that happened; in fact, none of the fireworks had ever touched me. Fire spitting rockets blasted silently through the air and irritated me so much that I immediately began to stumble. I stumbled backwards. Left and right, above and below could no longer be distinguished. it happened that I unintentionally tripped and fell onto the floor.I kept my eyes firmly closed for quite some time. The fireworks stopped abruptly, in the hallway at least, but not in my head. Even behind closed eyelids I could clearly see the fireworks popping. And that continued to bother me. Nothing flew through the air anymore, but I still saw stars and colours and rockets, although they shouldn't be there anymore.The hall was suddenly eerily silent, but I didn't notice much of that. My head ached. A lot. So much that I could no longer think clearly. I narrowed my eyes. I pressed my hands with a lot of pressure on my ears. My skull was roaring. It was as if the fireworks had never stopped.I heard someone cursing, but everything seemed so far away. It wasn't me anyway, I was sure of that. Someone close to me must have started whispering too. But as stated before: the spectacle in my head did not leave me be.I was not interested in who was speaking, nor why they were speaking. My brain no longer worked properly. It was too overwhelmed to draw a connection between the whispering person and the fireworks.I stayed in this position for at least five more minutes, sitting on my butt and with my hands above my head. Slowly but surely, the pain subsided. It took a while, but eventually I dared to let my hands fall to the floor next to me. My hearing improved again. I heard my own breathing, my fast heartbeat and also some murmuring. At first very softly, then more and more clearly."Shit, what are we going to do?", a worried voice asked.A second voice said: "She looks sick. Somehow green around the gills. That's certainly not normal.""Of course that's not normal! She's completely out of her head!," the first voice replied."Right. She probably can't even hear us properly. We could sneak away if-""Are you nuts? We can't just leave her here. Not in this state!"I opened my eyes slightly. My eyelids kept fluttering, but I could still see some shadows. Three blurred figures were leaning over me. Three boys to be exact."Do you have a better idea, genius? We can't take her to the infirmary. We might as well hand ourselves over," voice number two continued.I tried to focus my gaze to recognise the three boys. But their faces were still too blurred. So I wasn't able to identify them yet. Their voices though seemed quite familiar to me.The boy on the far left, who had been silent until then, leaned forward a little further. He probably looked at me more closely, maybe inspecting me. "I think she hears us now", he said in a lowered tone.The brawlers fell silent immediately. They bent over as well and seemed to stare at me so forcefully as if I was a failed experiment. I tilted my head back and stared back under half-closed eyelids. If I was not mistaken, the boy in the middle had curly hair and the friend on his left - my right - had brown. The latter was possibly also wearing glasses, at least black bars bordered his eyes. The guy on the far left had full and tousled black hair. It surrounded his head like a pillar of cotton candy. My vision still was blurred, but it looked fluffy. Or maybe I was hallucinating. Even I had to admit that I did not sound sane at the moment."Hello? Can you hear us?" cried the curly headed boy and waved his hand wildly in front of my face.Merlin, he was loud! An unpleasant pulling went through my skull and I gave a short hiss. With agitated movements I massaged my temples. I had to look very distressed and clumsy, because the brunette boy made it his business to give his mate a light slap on the upper arm.„Don't shout, you arse," the guy on the left sneered."I just want to make sure she really understands us, man!"I moaned unintentionally. Every sound, however small, buzzed in my very own thoughts like a bomb impact."Are you all right?", the black-haired boy inquired while raising an eyebrow, waiting for me to answer. There was no mockery in his voice, but no worry either. He was difficult to interpret.I was still too confused to form a meaningful answer, so I just pronounced whatever was going through my mind.„What was that?""A rather unsuccessful prank," said the curly headed boy so casually that I would have loved to slap hin across the face. And you must know: normally I hated any kind of violence."Very, very unsuccessful," the boy on my right side agreed. At least on this aspect they could agree. A rather small success in view of our tricky situation.I followed their words only half-heartedly. My thoughts were on a rollercoaster ride, it seemed. A hellish trip full of questions.Why had I been played? Why did they choose to pull such a stupid prank on me? Why me out of all people? Why did it have to happen tonight? Why did Mrs. Norris let me walk into a trap without any real warning after all? Why had she left me alone in the first place? Even if she had been bored to death, it would have been nice to warn me in time."Why?" I sounded miserable even to my own ears. I opened my mouth to add something, wrestled with my words and then let it be."Why what? Why unsuccessful?", the curly headed boy began. "Well, because you're obviously not Geoff - I mean, you're not our target."Under other circumstances, I might have followed up and tried to find out why they had wanted to pull such a dirty prank on this Geoff. I knew a Geoff. I might have asked if they meant Geoff Selwyn (a seventh grader from Slytherin who could be a real creep at times). Right now, however, I didn't really care about that. My. Head. Hurt. Like. Hell.Sitting around was of no good, I decided. So I straightened up and got up on my knees. I felt dizzy, but the position was much more comfortable and less humiliating than the previous one."You must really hate that Geoff," I murmured. By Merlin's beard, talking hurt too."Yeah. But how do you know-," the brown-haired boy said.I looked at him uncomprehendingly and shook my head - which, incidentally, caused another dizziness .Was it not obvious?"That was horrible! I'm positively exhausted. I wouldn't wish this to happen to anyone whom I didn't absolutely detest," I explained as he broke off.My current condition felt worse than any hungover ever could. I was quite sure of that, even though I didn't drink.And finally I regained my full eyesight (or at least enough to recognise the three guys in front of me). The curly headed one had a dark complexion and brown eyes. Light freckles covered the bridge of his nose. I was looking at none other than Fred Weasley, son of the legendary George Weasley. No wonder their voices had sounded so familiar. While we're at it: the black-haired guy next to Fred was the famous and notorious James Sirius Potter. He took after his father; a prominent chin, high cheekbones and a strong jaw line. Only the eyes were like his mother's (another celebrity by the way known as Ginny Potter). Last but not least there was Reuben Davies - a brown-haired Ravenclaw with glasses and big blue eyes."Your reaction was not like expected. We didn't want anyone to really get hurt." Reuben said, almost sounding embarrassed.That was the closest semblance to an apology I was going to get. It was enough, I guess.I decided to pull myself together and finally stand up. Elegance wasn't part of my performance, but at least now I stood firmly on both feet and hardly swayed at all. The throbbing behind my forehead would not fade so quickly. But Progress always seemed slow. One should be optimistic."All right," I said, ignoring the embarrassing silence, and wiping the dust off of my pajama pants to free them from the dirt. "I'll leave you be, then. Have fun planning your pranks. And good luck for the next time, I guess ."There was nothing more to say, nothing more worth discussing. So I did a 180-degree spin - before things could get even more unpleasant - in attempt to get out of here as fast as possible . But unfortunately Reuben's conscience decided to put a spoke in it."Where are you going?", I heard him call out.I frowned. Where did he think I was going? To the Himalayas? To the evil forest, so that a unicorn could swallow me up? To Timbuktu in order to tan my already tanned skin?"Into bed," I replied naturally and did not stop in my tracks, but squinted over my shoulder."And you're certainly not going to sprint to the next teacher to turn us in?", Fred asked sceptically.I shook my head and sighed softly. My brain had been turned into apple must a few minutes ago, but the slow-witted person in this conversation was definitely not me."I'm not a prefect," I merely said, pointing down at myself. I was wearing a wide pair of pajama pants and a shirt out of soft blue Satin. A pair of fluffy slippers warmed my feet. No, there was no way I was a prefect on patrol, not while wearing these glittery pajama pants. „I would have to explain why I myself am not asleep in my bed right now. So no, you don't need to worry. I don't want to get into any trouble either."I got maybe ten feet away. Reuben caught up with me and got in my way. He ran his hands through his hair. Unlike me, the three seventh graders were wearing normal trousers and shirts, the school uniform even. Reuben had tied a purple tie around his collar, while James and Fred wore red and gold ones . Either I was underdressed or they were way to overdressed. But since it was probably two or three o'clock in the morning, I leaned toward the latter. My pyjamas were more than appropriate at this late hour, weren't they?"And you're absolutely sure you won't, I don't know, collapse any time soon?"Was I sure?It took me some time to think about his words and I wondered if they were worth an answer. I shrugged my shoulders."No.""Then maybe we should accompany you to your dorm room. Just to be on the safe side.", James said. He stepped back into my field of view with his arms crossed over his chest. He looked at me sceptically as if he didn't even trust me to walk in a straight line - maybe he had a point but I still didn't care.By the way, his hair really looked cotton candy, even with normal eyesight. There was something casual about his hairstyle, as if he was constantly running his hands through it. Girls liked that, I suppose.Merlin, I must be really tired. What was I thinking?My gaze whizzed past them. Just a little further away, a pair of yellow eyes lit up. So Mrs. Norris had decided to make herself useful after all. My heart leapt with joy. Merlin, sometimes I did love this cat creature!"No, thank you. I'll find my way back on my own - nice offer though," I assured and smiled goodbye to the three of them before pushing past them and running towards Mrs. Norris. She was hiding in the dark. I doubted that the boys had seen her."Are you sure you are okay?" Reuben cried one last time.Instead of answering, I raised my hand in the air and pointed thumbs up. Unlike Reuben Davies, I had no intention of waking up the whole of Hogwarts with my screaming."Strange girl", Fred said. It was the last thing I heard of them. The rest of their conversation was lost in a faint whisper. And that was okay with me.I saw Mrs. Norris scurrying around the next corner after a last glance in my direction. It seemed that I should follow her and so I did. She was my best option to get back to the common room. I did not feel much inclination to take James Sirius Potter up on his generous offer.Mrs. Norris' shadow led me down two long corridors and at first I found it surprisingly difficult to keep up with the ghost cat. Eventually, however, Mrs. Norris trotted along by my side. She took her time - just for my sake. I was touched.Together we descended several flights of stairs and squeezed through one or two crammed rooms, which probably served as storage rooms. Once we had to hide in a dusty broom cupboard because Peeves the Poltergeist would have discovered us otherwise. Unfortunately, this annoying ghost had as little sympathy for me as for any other human being. After a short waiting period we set ourselves in motion again and crossed a staircase, near where several inhabitants of the magical paintings philosophised about their lives.In an empty and silent corridor I finally dared to speak again: "Thank you, Nora. I did not expect you to really come back. But I hoped so."The cat hissed disapprovingly and raised its head proudly. Her eyes glowed in the darkness like small yellow flames. It was as if she wanted to say, "Lupe, you reproach me far too much!""Don't pretend you're a loyal companion at all the time. You often leave me alone."I heard another hissing but I only shook my head and smiled reassuringly at the ghost cat."Do not worry. I don't hold it against you. You're not obligated to help me, I know that," I said in a deliberately sweet tone. I didn't want to take the risk of upsetting her. Besides, she was right. Her services were very useful to me, but she had never promised them to me.The cat made a satisfied impression. So I kept silent for the rest of our walk until we came to a halt in front of the entrance to the cellar of the Hufflepuffs.I wondered if Potter, Davies and Weasley have gone back to sleep already? Or were they really planning another nasty prank, as I had just assumed earlier?It had to be around three in the morning by now, but Mrs. Norris seemed as fresh as ever. The spiritual life must have its advantages."Thanks again, Nora. Next week, same time?", I asked and leaned against a wall. I was tired and limp. This could be due to the time, but also due to my rude encounter with magic fireworks.Mrs Norris just purred and made another abrupt exit. Jumping, she attacked a painting on the wall. And poof, she was gone again.I simply interpreted her purring as a "yes". But with Mrs. Norris you could never be too sure anyway.I gave the password to get access to the common room and then was allowed to pass. Quietly I crept into my dormitory so as not to wake anyone up and not to frighten my roommates. A comfortable bed and a good amount of sleep were exactly what I needed after this eventful night.Hello, friends! I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. :)I'm sure you already noticed at some point but I'm not a native english speaker. So my english may or may not be a bit bad. But I really try to imrove my skills and I hope this doesn't ruin the story for you...Let me know what you think about the story so far. I'm always grateful for advice or tips.BoulevardReader

Disclaimer: This story is fan-created content. I don't own Harry Potter. J. K. Rowling is an incredible author and I don't take credit for her amazing work. The world and the characters - except the OCs - are hers and all rights belong to her.A/N: Hello again. Welcome to Chapter 2! Have fun... I wasn't exactly a morning person, but I didn't usually need hours to start the day. Once I had left my bed, I was optimistic without exception. I didn't have much of a choice either, as all my roommates were very grumpy in the morning. So I dedicated myself to getting up on time and making sure they weren't late for breakfast either.But today we came all late, because I had overslept. On top of that, it had been Mildred - the worst slugabed I knew- who had thrown a pillow at me, disturbing my sweet dreams. By then it had been so late that I had hardly had time to change my clothes or do my hair. Nothing like that had ever happened to me in the last five and a half years.So today I looked like a pitiful plucked chicken and felt like a fish out of water.My black hair had to stick out on all sides and I was much paler than usual, which was weird as I actually had a dark complexion. I had slept so little that my eyes were burning from lack of sleep. I had dark circles under them as well. My eyelids kept drooping shut. Surely, I would doze off at the breakfast table.All night long I had been tossing and turning from side to side, but nothing had helped with the headache. As soon as I closed my eyes, colourful dots and stars appeared and kept me from finding rest. By the time I finally managed to nod off, it had already been just before six in the morning.Merlin, I was grateful for having Hagatha Selwyn, who sat across from me at the Slytherin table right now and just explained how annoyed she was with her own roommates. Aggie's voice sounded so rough and demanding that you couldn't help but listen to her. She also didn't allow you to ignore her or to be inattentive to her stories. Sometimes she paused her story, just to make sure you were paying attention."I've never been so angry," Aggie said angrily. I raised an eyebrow. I wasn't convinced. Aggie quickly became angrier, as she offen did when someone didn't take her too seriously."I mean it, Lou! I'd really like to kill them right now," she growled and pounded her fist on the table sending her fork clattering to the floor. "Who do they think they are, inviting these bitches into my room? Without my consent?"That was my routine, I got up early, spent breakfast with Aggie, lunch with my roommates at the Hufflepuff table and dinner I again spent with Hagatha. I remember Aggie's friends initially annoyed that I was sitting at their table.A yellow fish in the green-silver sea.But in the meantime they had got used to me. It no longer bothered them. Some of them maybe even liked me. Most of the Slytherins had no great problems with Hufflepuffs anyway. Gryffindors were a whole other thing... Many Slytherins held a grudge against Gryffindors. It had always been that way, I think."You're overreacting," I said, taking a sip of milk from my cup. I had no appetite, which was probably another catch-up effect of my immense headaches and short-term vision problems. "It can't have been that bad-""Oh no, it was!", Hagatha interrupted and bent down to grab her fork. Wildly she waved it through the air, which looked a bit threatening to me. So for safety reasons I leaned back slightly in my seat. "You weren't there! You didn't see how horrible it was! They were messing everything up! Because of them, there is a butterbeer stain on my essay for Longbottom, I swear!""Okay, if you say so." I shrugged my shoulders."You don't take me serious!" she accused me and I shook my head quickly."That's not true. I know you hate it when there are people in your room you don't like...or even hate-," I began."And there were so many at once! Gretchen and Theodora Hitchcock and Effie Parkinson! All at once!" Aggie made a grimace that spoke of honest disgust. Oh, yes, she couldn't stand those three particular Slytherins. Too bad one of them was Aggie's team captain. Most people...she couldn't stand, so it wasn't surprising."-but Andraste and Morrigan are friends with them," I continued cautiously. "They should be allowed to invite friends over to their room from time to time. It doesn't happen very often, does it?""Because they hardly have any friends!""Aggie, now you're getting mean," I shook my head frowning."It's only the truth," she muttered."I don't exactly have a long line of people who are interested in being friends with me, either. Not everyone is liked by everyone, that's just the way it is," I started again, turning my cup in my hands. "I have you. And I have Krista, maybe Mildred and Elain as well. And that's it."Aggie mumbled again. She was in a bad mood. I could tell by the way her right eye started to twitch nervously."Pardon? I can't understand a word you're saying.""You don't want to make new friends! If you wanted to, I'm sure you could!", she shot back. "So don't feel sorry for yourself."There was always something nasty or grim about the way she looked at me. But she meant no harm. That's why I didn't hold it against her. Sometimes Hagatha yelled at me, sometimes she made a mocking comment, and sometimes she exaggerated excessively and made a big deal out of the little things. But mostly we could tell each other everything. Aggie had defended me when people had laughed about me and sometimes she even bewitched those who made fun of her friends.We were very different, Hagatha and I, but if we weren't, we probably wouldn't have become friends in the first place. My life would be not the same without her, boring even. How dreary and uneventful it would be if Aggie wouldn't be around to tease (and sometimes threaten) me.I just frowned. "I'm not feeling sorry for myself. I'm happy with the friends I have right now. They're all I need.""You rotten liar! Everyone secretly wants more than what they have. Everyone wants more, that's how we humans are! More success, more money, more glory!""I don't believe in such things," I said firmly. "You shouldn't listen so much to what your parents tell you. They're no good judges of human character and they're pessimists by the way.""Realists, you mean." Aggie's fork came dangerously close to my face. My eyes nearly crossed in an attempt to stare at it. The pointed end was definitely too close to the tip of my nose."Would you mind?", I asked, squinting at the fork."Oh. Sorry!" Hagatha immediately dropped her weapon. When it landed on the table it knocked over her half-filled glass of juice. Several drops hit my face and I gave Aggie a knowing look before wiping the juice off with my sleeve. We simply ignored the puddle of juice."Where were we?"Aggie was hooked inmediately by the prospect of fighting again. Although the fork incident had probably made her forget her anger to some extent. "Oh yes, right," she remembered and darted a provoking glance at me. She narrowed her eyes. "I'd just about been cursing your damn ideals!""And I thought we were going to take you more seriously?", I said sarcastically.Aggie rolled her eyes. "Exactly, but we can't do that until you jump over your own shadow and throw overboard any of those annoying idrals of yours!""Exactly what ideals are you talking about?""Well, there's your good faith, for example, and the fact that you're sometimes far too nice and emotional. And we must not forget your optimism. Oh yes, it is terribly exhausting!""But these are all my best qualities," I replied astounded. Hagatha shrugged her shoulders innocently. "My optimism is the opposite of your pessimism. And what does that mean anyway, too emotional? Besides, I like to believe in the good in people. That doesn't make me naive."As far as I was concerned, my optimism was one of my virtues. I wasn't someone who always imagined the worst, I wasn't a prophet of doom. And I didn't want to fall out with anyone - quite the opposite to Andy, who seemed to be keen on constantly picking fights - so I showed myself at my best.Well, maybe I had been a bit oversensitive as a young girl. In this regard, Hagatha was right. After all, I had been crying over every little argument - even if I myself hadn't been involved in the argument. And now and then I still cried over fights, but that was another story.Was I firmly convinced that there was good in everyone? Yes, absolutely! Were there still people I liked more or less? Of course there were! After all, I was no fool. A bit stubborn, yes. But not a fool and certainly not naive."Okay, if you say so," Aggie flashed me a smirk. I guess she thought she'd emerged the victor of this argument. I hadn't even known there had been a competition in the first place. But all right, if it made her so happy, then I gladly let her believe so."You look extremly tired, by the way," she informed me while looking at me with a watchful sidelong look."I know. I am, after all." Almost demonstratively, a silent yawn escaped my mouth."What did you do tonight?" she asked, "Don't tell me you were out with that damn cat of yours again!"I pretended not to have heard her and refilled my empty cup. Fully focused on my task I poured some milk into the cup and ignored her harsh tone. Aggie didn't like Mrs Norris, but well, it was Aggie. She did not like most people...and cats."Lupe!", Aggie yelled furiosly."What is it? You told me not to tell you. So I didn't tell you about it. You already know the answer anyway, why are you even asking?""Hmph," Aggie snorted. "Maybe because we're friends, you silly! And that cat's gonna get you expelled!""They'd have to cop me first. And it's Nora who's preventing that. So without her..."Aggie interrupted me and clicked her tongue. "Yeah, yeah, if it wasn't for her, you'd have already been caught. Am I supposed to be grateful for its help?""Her help." I said. "No, don't worry. I'd better take care of that myself. It's not one of your strong points to show gratitude.""What's that supposed to mean?" Aggie shouted sounding insulted.I shrugged my shoulders apologetically and told her to just continue with her meal. Aggie shoved a forkful of porridge into her mouth and then chewed broodingly on her chocolate chip-munk, a biscuit of which I could usually eat a bunch for breakfast. But now I pushed my own plate away from me. My stomach was turning. I would get hungry a little later on, but at the moment I just couldn't eat."You're not eating anything," she said."Not hungry.""Where have you been all night so that you look like a vampire on the blood diet?" She sounded angry again. That was her own way of showing concern for me.My gaze sweeped over the Gryffindors' table. And the sight really surprised me, frankly. It wasn't the fact that Fred Weasley and James Sirius Potter were sitting together. It wasn't that they were chatting to one another. No. It was Fred Weasley giving a nod of his head in my direction. That confused me. Or perhaps I was wrong and this was just a funny coincidence? No, unfortunately it did not look that way to me. They were looking at me. But why? Fred Weasley did not know me. Sure, there had been this small incident tonight, but he didn't even know my name or who I was. So why and what exactly did he murmur into James Sirius Potter's ear to make him turn around? And why, Merlin, were both seventh-graders now looking in my direction?For the briefest of moments our eyes met. Quickly I let my gaze wander further around the Great Hall. I really did not want their attention. The mere idea of having them talk to me infront of whole Hogwarts made me uncomfortable.To know James Sirius Potter and Fred Weasley was as though you had Hey, look at me! Here I am! written on your forehead. Yes, they certainly loved the spotlight. After all, their parents were famous and that made them famous too. Everyone at Hogwarts knew James Sirius Potter and Fred Weasley. I, on the other hand, knew far fewer people and bearly anyone knew me. I was quite happy with the situation as it was - even though Aggie probably would disagree about that."Long story," I sighed, paying more attention to Aggie."I have time. So are you going to tell me now or do I have to tear every answer out of you?"She leaned forward, looking interested. Aggie was quite curious and she also enjoyed to meddle in my personal life. But she only interfered in people's life if she liked them. She just ignored the rest. I probably should feel more flattered."Someone pulled a prank on me.""What? When? Tonight, you say?" Hagatha demanded to know. She nearly jumped out of her seat. I was touched by that protective concern, but the incident last night really wasn't worth all that anger of hers."Yep. But don't worry, it was just an accident. A misunderstanding you could say."I glanced over at the Gryffindors. Two boys just got up from their table. Another boy at the Ravenclaw table followed their example. Wonderful. I had a misgiving that they would come over here."How can you pull a trick on somebody by mistake?" Aggie pulled her brows together. "Come on, tell me. Who were those idiots?"I didn't answer. I mean, the answer was standing right behind her, leaning so far forward that his chin was almost resting on her shoulder."That must have been us," James Sirius Potter said, grinning as Andy flinched and spun around. She was so startled by his sudden appproach that her left hand reached into her pocket were she kept her wand. If we wouldn't have been in the Great Hall, and if there wouldn't have been a bunch teachers around, Aggie would probably have already casted a spell on him. But she kept herself in check, for now."What are you doing, you fool?" She seemed even more pissed now than after the whole roommate-thing. Merlin, she must really dispise Gryffindors.I poured a teaspoon of honey in my milk while watching them. Then I let a leaf of green mint drop into my cup. Instead of sinking, it floated around in swirls on the surface. It looked peaceful, or well, as peaceful as a leaf could look like. I sighed and looked up. "Aggie." Don't be rude, my tone said. However, Aggie wasn't listening, no matter of my tone. My attempt to rebuke her fell on deaf ears."What are you doing, you asshole?" Aggie spat the words out. Well, is that any better to you?, her provoking look seemed to ask me.James Sirius Potter just smiled mockingly and leaned back. He had buried his hands in his pockets. The sleeves of his shirt were casually rolled up and the tie was hanging loosely around his collar. He wore his tousled hair with visible pride. He was one of those guys who looked as if they didn't care about their appearance at all. But everyone knew that was a lie. Clearly, James was as vain as you and me and anyone else.Reuben Davies tentatively took a step forward. His eyes were attentive and focused on me alone, which I did not like. Especially since he was no longer the only one staring at me. A large crowd of Slytherins had noticed the Ravenclaw and more impotantly the both Gryffindors by now. And they looked very disapproving. About the same as Aggie did. And because James Sirius Potter and Fred Weasley attracted attention like crazy, many students of the other houses flashed their eyes on us as well.Frowning, I looked down at my warm milk and at my full, untouched plate. It just wasn't my day, I suppose. Maybe I should have stayed in bed last night after all. Then all this mess wouldn't have spoiled my breakfast. But ruminating didn't help right now..."What's up, boys?" I asked. I raised an eyebrow. I was quite happy that Aggie and a table lay between them and me. That gave me a bit more space. I already felt pretty cramped now, for whatever reason."We wanted-" Reuben started and was inmediately interrupted."We idiots wanted to know if you're still feeling positively exhausted?" James Sirius Potter said. He squeezed himself onto the bench next to Aggie and then propped his elbows on the table, resting his chin on his palm. He quickly made himself comfortable. Quite impressing...I curled up my nose unintentionally. I didn't like being teased. I didn't like it when somone used my own words against me. Poetic justice or not."Yes, that" Reuben rubbed the back of his neck, seemingly embarrassed. "But most of all, we wanted to apologize.""You wanted to apologize," Fred Weasley commented. He looked at least as tired as I did. ...but for reasons I couldn't explain, it suited him. Meanwhile, I had to look horrible. Well, genes weren't fair."Apology accepted." I calmly stirred the milk in my cup. "And postively exhausted should do the trick. But I'm better by now, really."I felt that it was Reuben in particular who needed that confirmation. He still looked a little contrite. So I nodded to him affirmatively - and hopefully reassuringly."And as compensation," James Sirius Potter now added. He stood up from the bench and put his hand on Fred's shoulder. A confident smile crept over his lips. "we wanted to invite you.""You wanted to invite her," Fred replied yawningly, making Aggie snort. Like deadly daggers, her eyes pierced the famous Weasley-spross without red hair."What's the matter with you, you toad?" he muttered with narrowed eyes. Suddenly he seemed more alert, more awake, less tired at least. He became more like the Fred Weasley I had met a few hours earlier. More fiery, more sarcastic, more adventurous.Hagatha really didn't like Gryffindors. And Fred didn't seem to like Slytherins. So, before the situation could escalate and before Aggie could furthermore insult one of the boys, I stepped in by asking: "Invite?" I pulled my eyebrows together. "Invite to what?""Our Fred here is giving a birthday party next Friday. It's going to take place in the Gryffindor common room." Aggie snorted again. "You're hereby officially invited. You're allowed to bring a friend, too." James gave ggie a smug look and then turned his attention back to me.A birthday party? Me at a party? No, I couldn't imagine that. Besides, I already had a rendezvous. I told Mrs. Norris we'd meet up. We'd stop by the kitchen and maybe pay Myrtle a quick visit again. But even if I hadn't have something else planned for next Friday, parties weren't exactly my scene. They were loud and so crowded."Well, that's... sweet of you."I couldn't think of anything more. No good excuse crossed my mind. Merlin's beard, I was a bad liar, the worst. I probably sounded pretty stupid as well, but what could you really say to James Sirius Potter when he invited you to a party you didn't want to attend? How could you politely decline without offending his ego? James Sirius Potter was a bit arrogant and very confident, the star of Hogwarts' and the son of the incredibly famous Harry Potter. So of course he was very, very confident, maybe even self-centred. At least I assumed he was. Of course I didn't know him. I only knew what I was told. And even of that I could only get a vague impression. I really did not want to condemn him. I would probably have become a real brat if I had grown up as distinguished as he did. Nevertheless, I asked myself: Would he understand a no? Accept and tolerate it? He would have to, of course. By seventeen years of age you should have learned how to do that. But what if you were never told no? What then?James Sirius Potter had loads of friends. He was popular. The girls loved him. The boys loved him. Even the teachers loved him. Professor Longbottom was good friends with his father, so how could it be otherwise? He probably received very few refusals. Well, I guess I had to be rather careful about it."I would like come. Unfortunately, I have an appointment. I'm meeting up with a friend." I smiled apologetically. Aggie snorted once me. I looked at her rebukingly. She wouldn't make it any easier for me that way.If James Sirius Potter was shocked, he didn't show it. He seemed puzzled, but not offended. In fact, he digested the news much better than I had expected. Apparently I had judged him a bit too harshly after all. I felt a bit bad. Just because he was popular, didn't mean he was a self-indulgent person. Just because he was confident and maybe a little arrogant, he was not immediately self-centred and incapable of empathy. In the absence of information, we jump to the worst of conclusions. My dad always said that.James Sirius Potter shrugged his shoulders - in a very casual manner, like always. "Like I said, you're welcome to take someone with you."The thought of Mrs Norris at a birthday party almost made me giggle. I shook my head decisively. "I don't think she'd like that idea. Thanks anyway, honestly."I could nearly feel the look on Fred Weasley's face. It was one of those "the little one's crazy" looks - looks I was used to by now. So it wasn't very hard for me to see past it. Reuben's disbelief quickly gave way to indifference. He didn't care if I celebrated with them. He just wanted to clear his own conscience. And he had now successfully put that behind him.Aggie ate another forkful of porridge, a smug grin on her lips - she was obviously satiesfied. At least one of us, right?"You're to miss this unique opportunity," James joked. "Why...?" He paused."Lupe Rashid. But everybody calls me Lou." Everybody meaning my roommates and Aggie. I didn't know much more people."Why is that, Lupe?" His voice had taken on an overly arrogant, perhaps even dramatic tone.He was different than he had been tonight. Not more likeable or unlikeable, but different. Now he was once again the casual, funny heartthrob. Tonight he had been more the level-headed heartthrob. I was not sure which James Sirius Potter I liked more. Maybe I liked them both. Or maybe I liked neither."I do not like parties. That's probably why."It was more of an excuse than a real reason. And James seemed to know that too. He ran his hands through his black, slightly curly hair and then buried them back in his pockets. Why did every move he made look so thoughtful, calm and spontaneous at the same time? I mean, it sounded contradictory even to my ears, but that's the way it was. James Sirius Potter was harder to read than I thought. Actually I was quite good at reading people. But not James Sirius Potter."Who doesn't like parties?" James wanted to know and flashed me a last grin before turning around on his heel. Shaking his head, he looked over his shoulder. "You're a funny girl, Lupe.""I know."Then he went off and Fred Weasley and Reuben Davies followed him. The three seventh graders stopped paying attention to me. There was no reason for otherwise. We weren't friends. We were not enemies. We did not even know each other. They would forget my name eventually. And that was a good thing.My milk was cold by now. And the green mint had sunk to the ground of the cup after all. With my teaspoon I searched for the lonely leaf.Aggie cleared her throat loudly and impatiently."What is it, Aggie?" I did not look up, but concentrated on fishing the green mint out of my cup."I'm so proud of you!" But Aggie didn't sound proud, she sounded much more likely gleeful.I was confused. "why is that?""You have, so to speak, turned down James Sirius Potter! And you know what? Fools like him and his lousy monkey pals had it coming!" Hagatha laughed happily.I just frowned. "I did not turn him down after all. He didn't even know my name, Aggie. The invitation was nothing more than compensation. You heard it yourself.""I suppose. But you didn't accept his compensation, that's what counts! Fred Weasley's face at that very moment was a sight for sore eyes.", Aggie almost gurgled and allowed herself a happy bite of my untouched chocolate chip-munk.Finally I found the green mint leaf. I threw it into my mouth. Thoughtfully I stared into my milk. "Do you think many people have seen... this?""Many, you say? Everybody saw it, Lou!" Aggie laughed at me. And I didn't blame her. My question was pretty dumb, I knew that.I looked around the Great Hall. No one was looking too obviously in my direction, which was a good sign. Wasn't it? However, all my classmates seemed to be very interested in James Sirius Potter. In itself, there was nothing exciting or new about it. The wildest rumours had already been spread about James Sirius Potter. He was often the number one topic of conversation. In a way, he was Hogwarts' very own celebrity.James didn't appreciate me with a view. He laughed with his friends, a crowd of people surrounded him. Everyone of them wanted his attention. So they gave him theirs. James did not want my attention. He did not need it. The fact that he didn't have it didn't offend or annoy him either. And I was grateful to him for that. Not to think how everyone would stare at me if things were different!They would wonder what this compensation was all about. They would wonder why I had turned this invitation down. They would eventually pierce me with glances or even pierce me with their questions. I was not shy. But introverted. So if it was possible, I would like to avoid all of that."But nobody is looking," I remarked."Because they stare in secret and then look away in time. That's the way staring works. Believe me, you will not be forgotten.""But I want to be forgotten.""Then you shouldn't have bumped into James Sirius Potter. Speaking of which... You still haven't told me what this prank was all about."I sighed and told her whispering. I didn't want any one to know that on Friday nights I liked to roam the castle with a ghost cat to keep me copany.Jessica Blair was sitting just a few feet away. She pricked up her ears, tried to listen. So I just lowered my voice even more. Slytherins could be pretty mean gossips. I would put Jessica Blair directly into the category of chatterboxes. Blair loved rumours.The other Slytherins also seemed to be attentive. I had the unpleasant feeling of being watched. Unpleasant because it was unfamiliar. Normally, I was never observed.I would have liked best to just hide under my blanket right now and to pull a pillow over my head in order to make myself invisible. I was tired anyway and had hardly slept at all tonight, so I could really could use some time to sleep. On the other hand I was far too proud. I would never admit to myself that the impudent looks and whispers made me feel uneasy. In fact, I didn't care what others thought of me, or at least I didn't want to care. But apparently my indifference had a lot to do with the fact that nobody even knew I existed. It was easy to not give a damn if nobody knew who you were.James Sirius Potter had shaken my beautiful indifference - even if only for a short period. And I was glad that that was over now. It was better not to be interested in the opinions of others. So it was better if your classmates didn't pay you attention. It was better being the silent observer. For me at least it was better that way.A/N: What do you think about Lupe so far? Do you like her? And what about Aggie? And of course let us not forget about our boy James! Let me know in the comments... :)BoulevardReader

Disclaimer: I still don't own Harry Potter.A/N: Well, this chapter is a little bit longer... that's why I needed more time writing it... have fun :)StickyKeys1 thank you for your review. I'm really in love with James and Lupe. I think they match quite well. I also really enjoy writing about Mrs. Norris and I've got a lot of plans on how to integrate her even more into the story. You're so right. Hufflepuffs are sooo underrated. There are only a few couple Hufflepuff OC stories and that's kind of sad! "I just can't believe it!"Hagatha snorted, laughing, and waved her arms in the air as if she was a flying dragon."What?" I asked her."How did you manage to pull that one off?"I blinked my eyes in surprise and then tried to get hold of myself. Shrugging my shoulders, I said, "I have no idea what you're talking about, Aggie."I knew exactly what she was talking about. And she knew that I knew exactly what she was talking about. It made her angry."Bloody Liar!" Aggie ranted. "I'm talking about how everybody seems to have forgotten about what happened at breakfast. I'm talking about the fact that James fucking Potter invited you to a party. The James Potter, the bloke all girls want to be with. This ought to be the number one topic of conversation. Everyone should be talking about it. Everyone should be whispering behind your back. And what happens instead: one mean comment, just one. Everybody else just bloody forgot about it? Nobody cares about you anymore.""I guess I'm lucky," I said."I just don't understand how? What do you do so that no one ever notices you?"I frowned. I did absolutely nothing, I had never decided that I didn't want anyone to notice me. That just came naturally to me. And meanwhile I reckoned my inconspicuousness was quite comfortable. I only had a small circle of friends, but it was filled with unusual and wonderful people. How exhausting my life would be if I had a thousand people around me. How exhausting it would be to have to filter out who was a good friend and who was not. I was glad that I did not have to filter out anything. My inconspicuousness seemed to have done that all by itself."I do nothing. It's just the way it is. And I'm quite glad."Aggie wasn't content with my answer. "You could sprint naked around the Great Hall, dancing like an ugly troll, and still, the next morning everyone would have forgotten about your embarrassing behavior anyway!"Running around naked in winter? No, that did not sound like a sane idea. And troll dances were really not as easy as they seemed to be. I would probably have my difficulties with that one too, but maybe one could find a book about troll dances in the library.I shook my head to clear my mind. Daydreaming in the school hallway was not a very good idea anyway. I didn't want to bumb into anyone."I guess I'm not a memorable person. People tend to overlook me.""If it were only that! But you also disappear from pictures all the time." I opened my mouth to reply but held back my words as Aggie punched me lightly on the upper arm. "I have this one picture in my room. Of you and me at the Black Lake - or rather, of me at the Black Lake. It's from third grade. Remember when we ate those chocolate frogs together and yours managed to flee because you couldn't get a grasp of it."The chocolate frog hadn't managed to flee. I had let him jump away on purpose. I could never have had the heart to eat a frog. Even if it was just out of chocolate and had no heart, no soul and no brains. He had looked so much like a real frog. He had looked too much like a real frog for me to simply eat him.Aggie would have mocked me for ages if I had told her. So I had pretended that the frog's escape had been a clumsy accident on my part."Yes, I remember.""I laughed at you and you cried because Dotty Finnegan accidentally stepped on the chocolate frog."I had named him Adam. Adam, the Chocolate Frog. I had hoped he would live a long and happy life as a chocolate frog until one day he would melt in the blazing and radiating sun.Then Dotty Finnegan's boot sole had caught him. There was nothing left of Adam but a flattened slice of chocolate in the dirty grass.That had made me sad and so I had no choice but to shed a few tears. After all, I had been much younger then. For me Adam had died that day. Although it's open to dispute whether he had ever lived in the first place."What are you driving at, Aggie?" I asked cautiously."I remember Professor Longbottom dashing around taking all those pictures for the yearbook. He took this picture of us by the Black Lake, too. I'm in it, laughing at you. You can also see Dotty Finnegan and how she feels guilty and apologises. But you, you're not in it. You should be in, but you're not. It's like you've suddenly vanished into thin air."Hagatha almost sounded as if she had uncovered an exciting conspiracy theory, or as if she had found a cover story for the Daily Prophet.Which was both nonsense, of course. After all, we were just talking about the fact that I didn't like to be photographed."There are no bad photos of you, are there?" I replied."Excuse me?"Aggie gave me one of her famous Give-me-some-perspective-I-can-not-follow-you-glances. Sometimes I would talk without thinking. That was probably one of the reasons why I would never fit into a house like Ravenclaw. The Ravenclaws thought everything out. They thought without talking. They liked to plan, structure and organise their everyday life. I often couldn't even keep my own head in order, not to mention my everyday life.Aggie liked to say I was diffuse. My roommates called it being absentminded. But I preferred the term dreamy. I was hasty. I stumbled over my own thoughts and then sometimes got lost in them. But I was neither diffuse nor absentminded. I just had my own kind of logic and my own way of dealing with chaos and order.As Aggie continued to look at me as if I was talking drivel, I tried to expalin: "No bad bad photos of you exist, do they? Well, neither do photos of me exist. What's the big difference?Aggie snorted again. "I'm just photogenic! But you, you always somehow manage to maintain a low profile! That's the difference!""I'm just camera-shy.""That still doesn't explain why nobody cares about this whole James thing anymore!"It didn't surprise me that nobody cared anymore. After all, nothing particularly scandalous had ever happened. Just a nice chat in the morning.And as Aggie had already stated, I cherished my inconspicuousness. The only people who saw me - who really saw me - were those who knew and who cared about me, the people who saw me as a whole person, not as the girl involved in gossip like the James Potter thing. To the rest - to my classmates and every tattletale - I was a vague shape hurrying past them in the hallways. What I did and what I said were aspects of my my quite private character and person."I heard that Julie Bennett and Eliza Simmons were caught snogging in a broom closet. Although Bennett already has a girlfriend-"Aggie, who had been running in front of me until just now, stopped and spun around to face me. A Gryffindor - eleven or twelve years old - almost ran into her. At the last moment, when disaster seemed positive, he slowed his pace. He had been lucky. Aggie could get nasty when her temper was worn thin."Wait! Eliza and Julie? That's tough. I'd feel sorry for Theodora, but she's a bitch, as we all know. How do you even know about it?""Jessica Blair," I said. "But what I really meant to say was that there are more interesting topics of conversation than the James thing, as you call it."Aggie, still a little distracted by the news that her team captain's girlfriend had cheated, slowly returned to the original topic."Something more interesting than the oh so great James Sirius Potter, whom everyone loves and adores? Give me a break, Lou! You don't really believe that, do you!""Yes, I do," I replied decisively."You know what I think?" Aggie began to move again, and I followed her lead. "I think you've miraculously got of the affair once again! I don't know how you do it, but you were invisible once again at the exact right moment."I shook my head."You act as if I've done something incredible or impossible.""Because it is impossible not to be the number one topic of conversation when James Potter and his friends invite you to a party," Aggie exclaimed, as if it was a fact, even though this morning had proved just the opposite. "It is also impossible to be invisible without an invisibility cloak, and yet here we are!"Being somewhat unobtrusive had nothing to do with magic."I am inconspicuous. Not invisible," I tried to clarify."Prove it," Aggie demanded, hands on her hips. Her pose looked impressive. Aggie looked like one of those warrior goddesses my mother had always told me about when I was a child. The way Aggie's green eyes sparkled reminded me of the egyptian goddess Bastet. My father had a relief of Bastet in human form hanging in his study. Aggie looked as beautiful, strong and combative as I would have imagined a goddess to be."You are a bit too fanatical right now," I explained in a markedly gentle tone of voice so as not to upset her too much. "Aggie, we are witches. Each of us has her own peculiarities. Her own enchantments, I think. Conscious and subconscious enchantments, you know? I can't think of any spells that I consciously cast to be invisible. Maybe there is some mechanism in my subconscious that makes people overlook and forget me. Maybe there is some kind of enchantment that I use so that only the people I like notice me. Maybe there is some enchantment that for some inexplicable reason failed nobody but James Sirius Potter and his friends. Who knows?"Aggie eyed me sceptically. "An unconscious spell mechanism stemming from the fact that you don't like the spotlight, you say?"It sounded like nonsense to her, but it made sense to me.In a world full of magic, there were such things as anomalies. There were things that made more or less sense. I wanted to remain unobtrusive, and my enchantments allowed me to remain unobtrusive. Completely unconsciously.Just as Aggie's enchantments enabled her to do other things, like being incredibly good at quidditch.Maybe it had nothing to do with magic or enchantments? Maybe I was just a girl who was quickly forgotten because there was nothing about her that was particularly noticeable.Whatever the case. I liked this enchantment/non-enchantment. It resulted in a quiet and simple life. And I was too lazy and too disorganised for adventure, I reckoned."Who knows?" I puzzled. "Now, come on. I've arranged to meet Krista in an hour. I'll get you something from Hogsmeade, if you like? By the way, you should go to your room and change now. Otherwise Theodora will be angry that you're late. The poor thing must be really exhausted after all the rumouring about Julie and Eliza, she doesn't need unpunctual teammates as well".Aggie grunted. "I'd like to play hooky. It's Hogsmeade weekend and Theodora is training? The cheek of it! In fact, she had it coming to her that I didn't show up. After all, she did sabotage my herbology essay yesterday."Sabotage? I wouldn't call it that. But I couldn't imagine Aggie ever not dramatising. As for Theodora Hitchcok, she wasn't very businesslike anyway.I put one hand on Aggie's shoulder. "You better watch out, or she'll put you on the bench.""Let her try!""Nevertheless. Hurry up and be on time, okay? For my sake?""Fine!" she mumbled. I smiled.Hagatha hurled the worst insults at the people she loathed the most. One of those people was Krista McLaggen. Unfortunately, Krista and I were not only roommates, but also decent friends. We were not as close as Aggie and I were, but still friends.Well, at least Aggie's dislike was mutual. Aggie thought Krista was very snobby. And Krista couldn't stand Aggie because she couldn't stand Slytherins per se. I didn't know why, but it had always been that way. As soon as Aggie was around, Krista became passive and secretive."That hairstyle of yours, really interesting choice, McLaggen," Aggie mocked with a nod in Krista's direction. "Did you fall into a paint can?"Krista squinted her eyes and sighed. She ignored her as best she could. Aggie always tried to find Krista's weak spot. She tried to probe her most tender areas in effort to get some kind of reaction out of her. Krista was apparently aware of that too. So she stayed calm."Nice hairstyle, by the way. A bit messy maybe. Will there be a fancy dress party tonight I don't know about? You really must give me your hairdresser's card! I need someone to do my hair for the Halloween feast! I want to dress up like a troll. I'm sure you have experience with that too, don't you?"Krista sighed again. Not as dramatically and heartbreakingly as Myrtle used to sigh whenever Mrs Norris and I visited her, but much more resignedly.Krista was tall and slim. Her eyes were of an ice blue that reminded me of Christmas (although Aggie always said it resembled the color of bitterly cold snowstorms). Her skin was porcelain white, as if she never saw the sun, and her hair was lovely. Krista was a natural blonde, but changed her hairstyle and hair colour almost weekly. Sometimes she wore her hair short, sometimes long, falling far past her waist, so long she probably could sit on it. Sometimes her hair shone pink or orange or any other color that stood out from the crowd. And sometimes Krista preferred it to look simple - then she dyed it black or brown. But never blonde. She didn't like her natural hair colour, she told me that once. In fact, she hated it. No idea why. I had never asked. Maybe it was because her whole family was blessed with brown eyes and hair. Maybe she felt like the bad apple because of her looks."But, Krista, just a little tip: I don't think purple is your colour. You look like a plum." Aggie shrugged.Today Krista wore a purple longbob that actually did remind me somehow of plum mush. But the color suited her. Krista was very pretty. What color her hair was didn't really matter.I creased my face into a frown. I hated the arguments between the two of them and I never really knew what to do. I used to start crying whenever they argued. Sometimes I felt like I absorbed their mental ailment, to the point where I got overwhelmed, so overwhelmed that I had to cry. I weeped easily, but when your two best friends couldn't stand each other, you got tougher over time. I no longer cried like a baby - at least most of the time I didn't."Aggie, please.""Someone has to tell her, Lou! Someone has to be honest. If not me, who will?"This weekend, Krista and I had actually planned to buy a gift for her little sister. We had agreed to go to Hogsmeade together and to trawl the shops. We wanted to select the perfect gift for Daisy.And then Hagatha spontaneously had joined us. Actually she would have had Quidditsch training. However, team captain Theodora Hitchcock had to cancel the reservation for the pitch. The official version: She and her friends had stuffed way too many chocolate frogs into their hungry mouthes last night and were now all ill in bed. Unofficially, however, it was said that Theodora and her girlfriend had split up, which was probably why the fomer was wounded with severe lovesickness. Either way: Aggie had doubled up laughing. "That serves her right, after the butter beer stain on my essay! I call it karma," she had solemnly announced to me before she had decided to keep Krista and me company.Krista had, of course, been anything but enthusiastic, but she hadn't raised any objections either. And Hagatha just wanted to grate on somebody's nerves. She wanted somone to fuss over. That's why we now strolled through the ankle-deep snow together. I, for my part, enjoyed the winter sunshine. We would reach Hogsmeade in two minutes at the most.I was almost surprised that Krista had not taken off earlier. She had been ignoring Aggie's sharp comments until now, but by then she must have run short of patience. She suddendly turned to me and shrugged her shoulders. Her look said: 'Lou, you can't tell me I haven't tried!'"Just leave it be, Lou. I think I'll pop in Scrivenshaft's Quill Shop. If I find something nice, I'll buy it for you. And maybe I can find something suitable for Daisy too.""Oh, yeah, that would be sweet. And I'll keep my fingers crossed for you." I smiled encouragingly at Krista, but she didn't smile back. Well, she never smiled in front of Aggie, although she usually was a very happy and open-minded girl.Without another word, Krista accelerated her pace and stalked briskly through the snow. I looked after her and I felt guilty. I had promised to help her choose the gift."Wow, so much sorrow., Aggie said in a chatty and unuasual cheerful tone, as if she hadn't just shooed a good friend of mine away. Glancing over at her, I gave her a knowing look, as so often before."What is it? She does look like a plum," Aggie said, defending herself against my unspoken accusations. I could only shake my head at her words. She could be so smug."And why exyctly do you have to rub her nose in it like this? That doesn't make it better.""Because she hates me! Why should I be nice?""Krista doesn't hate you that much," I began half-assedly.But I knew Hagatha was right. Krista hadn't liked her even before they had spoken for the first time. Krista had antagonized Aggie before the latter could even say or do something mean or wrong. Maybe things would have been different if Krista hadn't decided from the very start that Hagatha wasn't someone she wanted to be friends with. On the other hand, I had my doubts about that. Their personalities were quite opposite, they clashed. But, well, who knows, after all, many would have said the same about Aggie and me. And lo and behold: we were best friends."And how!" Aggie snorted. "And how she hates me! I know my way around. I know what people who hate me look like.""Hmm." I fixed my gaze on the tips of my golden boots. Aggie didn't sound too bitter, but I wanted to hug her anyway. Krista wasn't the only one to have a violent aversion to Hagatha. Outside of Slytherin, she didn't have many friends - though to a certain extent that was her own fault. Aggie could be quite mean and threatening. Not everyone knew Aggie as well as I did. Not everyone was willing to turn a blind eye to her spitefulness. However, this did not excuse her more than rude behaviour towards Krista. "Maybe if you were kind to her for a change, she would hate you little less.""It's not worth it," Aggie said, and began to grin. "I enjoy it far too much nagging her. A sight for sore eyes, I tell you. She pulls a face as if she has to take a shit.""That's not true at all," I exclaimed indignantly."Oh yeah, it is!"No, not true. Krista had a multi-faceted personality. Sometimes she seemed to be very happy. Sometimes she seemed to be a little sad, but certainly never as if she had to take a dump."And now go after her!" Aggie mocked, snorting. Her eyes looked searchingly into mine. "I see your guilty conscience is tugging on you.""Are you sure?" I looked for Krista. There were many people on their way to Hogsmeade, in the midst of all of them, I spotted a purple haired girl."Why, yes, you over-sentimental fool! Do you think I can't shift for myself?" Aggie rolled her eyes in annoyance.Of course I wasn't worried about Hagatha. She could stand up for herself and she truly did not need my help, as she had proved earlier at breakfast. And I also didn't pride myself upon being her best friend or only source of entertainment. But I still wondered what she would do without me keeping her company. Hopefully she wouldn't get bored or wander the streets alone with no destination."Thank you. You're a gem!""No, I'm not. That's why you like me so much," Aggie replied pointedly and made a dismissive hand gesture.She often claimed that I have a preference for annoying and unfriendly creatures. Be it Mrs Norris, Myrtle or even herself."Let's meet later and drink a butterbeer together, shall we?""Get going! Off you go!""Okay, see you later."I threw one last sanguine smile over my shoulder at Aggie before I hurried away. It wasn't long until I found Krista, who had just stopped in front of Scrivenshaft's Quill Shop. She was counting the coins in the palm of her hand."How much money did you bring with you?", I asked, leaning over her shoulder."Merlin, Lou! Has anyone ever told you not to sneak up on people like that?" Krista put a hand to her heart for a second as if the shock were too much for her. Then, after a few quick breaths, she slipped her purse into the depths of her jacket pocket."No, not really." I shrugged my shoulders."Let's hope it's enough," Krista murmured more to herself than me. She opened the door to the jangle of a small bell above our heads and stepped inside.Immediately the delectable smell of old books reached my nostrils, the odor of aging leather and brittle and dry parchment. I smelled the ink, the paper and the glue from the binding. Long rows of shelves reached from floor to ceiling and were filled with countless copper vessels. Some of them contained normal scarlet-coloured ink, others magical ink like the Self-Correcting Ink Aggie had used to cheat on a herbology test last year. The range included dozens of different pheasant plumes. There were pretty peacock quills too. On the special offer were currently black and wooden Quick-Quotes Quills - at least that's what the small sign near the cash desk said.Scrivenshaft's Quill Shop always reminded me a bit of home. Dad's study also smelled of old parchment, which was because he spent the whole day sitting at his desk studying and going over antique scrolls."I can lend you some money if you-""There is need for it, Lou. You've lent me money way to often," Krista said. She sounded determined. "And I've never lent you anything before. It just makes me feel bad."I frowned. "I have never asked you to lend me anything.""Nor did I ask you.""What's wrong with lending you some money?""The worst part is that you never just lend me money. You give it to me." Krista sighed. "I appreciate it, I do, but you're my friend and not a bank.""I have no problem with being your bank from time to time," I assured her.Krista's family had no difficult finfancial situation to deal with, but money had always been a little tight. It wasn't always nice to unpack my parents' huge monthly parcels, filled with plenty of food and new clothes, when you had to watch one of your best friends pinch knuts. Krista never asked me for money, but whenever possible - and appropriate - I would treat her to a butterbeer or throw in a few coins while we were shopping. I didn't want to make her feel guilty though, but it was very typical for Krista to feel that way anyway. "But I do. Now come on. Let's see what's on offer." Krista pointed to the shelf in question and browsed around a little."Quick-Quotes Quills," I said. "This one's nice, isn't it?"The specimen had golden and black stripes and felt very comfortable in the hand. The colors also gave the piece an antique and elegant touch, which I personally liked very much."Last Christmas, Daisy got a similar one, but you're right. It is a pretty quill. I..." She broke off as if she had suddendly changed her mind."The quill suits you," I said.Krista shrugged and took the pulme away from me. She let it slide between her fingers. Gently, she wrote into the air. Her eyes followed the quill's movements, its golden swirls shimmering in the light.I looked back and forth between Krista's face and her hand holding the quill. She liked it. She liked it a lot. But Krista just sighed again and dropped the Quick-Quotes Quill back into its copper vessel."It's still too expensive.""But you like it, don't you?" I asked."Yes, but I'm here to buy something for Daisy. Not for myself," she decided. I thought I could detect a tiny bit of disappointment in her voice. "Well, let's go.""I'll buy it for you," I said quickly and reached for the black and golden striped plume before Krista could stop me. "As a Christmas present.""Christmas is weeks away!"I took a moment to reconsider. "Then I'll buy it for me and lend it to you.""Why do you constantly want to lend me things?" Krista asked. She tried to sound angry, but I knew better."You can't change my mind. It's already too late."Quickly - in case Krista had a sudden change of heart - I ran to the cash desk and paid.The Quick-Quotes Quill was cheaper than most gifts I received from my parents (especially since it was on special offer). Surely, I was pampered. With the way my mom and dad always made me presents it was impossible not to be, I guess. I may be pampered but - hopefully - not bratty or self-centered. I knew that not everybody's parents made that much money as my parents did. I knew that not everyone could just buy a new fancy quill just because one was in the mood for it. But Krista had earned it. And that's why I had decided to buy her the quill, not because I just felt like wasting money.The Quick-Quotes Quill was now nicely wrapped in a small gift bag."Have you seen anything Daisy might like?" I asked as we continued to stroll through the shop."No. Or at least nothing in my price range.""We could go to Weasley's Wizard Wheezes and pop in. Maybe there you'll find something," I shrugged."Why not? Let's try it."Seized with optimism, she pulled me out of Scrivenhaft's Quill Shop.Weasley's Wizard Wheezes was a fun shop. Colourful, loud, crazy and full of happy people. In the past - before the Second Wizarding War, to be exact - there had been a joke shop called Zonkos in here, but it had had to close due to the war. A few years ago, George Weasley expanded his own chain and took over the small empty shop. Of course he did not work here personally, but now and then you might have come across him in Hogsmeade.Weasley's Wizard Wheezes had everything a nine-year-old witch's heart could desire. I was certain that Krista would find a suitable gift for Daisy here. I was counting on the WonderWitch product line."Uh, how does the Canary Creams grab you?"I held a package of said candy up into the air. Canary Creams were my favourite. If you ate them, they transfigured you into a large canary. But within a minute you reverted to normal appearance. Not only did it look funny, but it felt really good and liberating. Fluttering around in form of a bird was a lot of fun (especially if you were as terribly bad at flying on brooms as I was)."Daisy is scared of flying and she suffers from vertigo. I'd rather not transfigure her into a bird," Krista laughed and rushed into the pink corner of the shop. Just as I had predicted: the WonderWitch section.Krista rummaged aound through the pink collection of love potions, and snorted: "Oh yes, I see! The witch is in desperate need of pink love potions and plush toy rabbits." Her voice dripped with sarcasm.I looked up from the bottle of 10-Second Pimple Vanisher I had just inspected and nodded my head. "How else is a witch supposed to win her prince charming over?""Dubious perception of witches, for what it's worth." Krista replaced one of the pink bottles where it had stood in the shelf. "But a clever sales strategy. Obviously, it works." She pointed to some twelve-year-olds who collected several bottles of love potion and then happily cackled and rushed to the cash desk."It is dubious. At least, these love potions are."Love potions were spoofs. Most of the time they didn't work anyhow - at best they triggered desire but never true and honest feelings - and even if they could trigger real feelings, it would be anything but appropiate to use them. After all there was a reason why brewing love potions was banned from Hogwarts."The plush toy bunnies, however, are adorable," I added, at the same time reaching for a small stuffed dragon with amber button eyes. It had caught my eye immediately, being the only stuffed animal other than the pink bunnies."I knew you'd say that." Krista grinned."I'm only stating the obvious. Look at him for example. Isn't he charming?" So I held the stuffed dragon out to Krista, and she took a good look at it."Okay, you're right.""Wouldn't he be a great gift for Daisy?" I asked. I looked at the tag dangling around his neck. "He comes to life if you talk to him for a while. And if you pet and caress him. At least that's what it says on the label.""You mean it comes to life when you caress it," Krista corrected.I scruntinized the stuffed dragon. "No, he is a he, not an it. Look at his eyes. There's something almost... intelligent about them. Almost as if he were already alive and able to understand every word we're saying.""You're crazy," Krista said. "But you are right. It has beautiful eyes and Daisy would certainly like it. The price isn't that bad either.""You're sure you want to buy him?""Well, yeah, i think so.""Great, then let's go then."I smiled happily and dragged her along to the cash desk, where a short queue had formed. While Krista searched her pockets for her purse, I discovered a shelf on which several small boxes were stacked. Upon each of these boxes the words Weasley's Wildfire Whizbangs were printed. The letters were glowing gold. Weasley's Wildfire Whizbangs were sold in different packages: the Basic Blaze Box and Deflagration Deluxe.Ah. So that's what Weasley, Potter and Davies had been firing off tonight.I picked up one of the boxes and read the operation manual on the back. The Wildfire Whizbangs were so called fire-breathing firecrackers. They were unstoppable enchanted fireworks. And they multiplied over time and exploded even more when you tried to use any kind of defensive spells."What are you looking at?" Krista asked and looked over my shoulder. She was a little bit taller than me, so it wasn't too hard for her."Enchanted fireworks," I replied succinctly. "They should be prohibited.""Can I ask you something?" Krista's gaze wandered from the package in my hands to my face."Of course." I nodded and replaced the Wildfire Whizbangs I had been carrying."What is it with you and Davies, Weasley and Potter? At breakfast today- that was kind of strange," Krista began curiously. "I didn't know you knew those three.""I don't."Potter, Weasley and Davies were all a year older than us. They were not Hufflepuffs and, unlike us, they were very, very popular. So they had a very different and wide circle of friends. And I had never had a problem with that. I also doubted that I would ever have a problem with them not knowing who I was.I liked living off the grid and I wasn't someone who liked to attract the attention of the whole student body. That's why I had my small amount of selected friends. And Potter, Weasley and Davies had theirs."So why are they inviting you to their party then?" Krista raised one eyebrow sceptically."Aggie made a big fuss about it too. She still can't believe no scandal has emerged from today's... encounter, that sounds about right." I pulled my eyebrows together. "It's no big deal at all. Potter, Weasley and especially Davies just had a guilty conscience, that's all. That's why they invited me."Krista looked at me questioningly. So I told her that the infamous three had pulled a prank on me, albeit by accident. However, there were some small details that I skipped when I told her my story, such as the fact that the incident had taken place at one o'clock in the morning. I was usually a bad liar, but I really didn't want her to know that I had been sneaking around with Mrs Norris at night. Just like Aggie, she kept trying to convince me not to do so. And Aggie had already burst into an eloquent harangue on my selfish and dumb behaviour today. One harangue the day was more than enough for me. So I contented myself with the official version that I had also presented to everyone else. It was comprehensive enough. And I didn't lie explicitly. I just rewrote certain critical moments, you could say, I didn't mention everything.I also told Krista about the two third-years, who had surrounded me after breakfast and had practically interrogated me."Why didn't you just tell them to go to hell?""That's more like something Aggie would do. But not me," I replied. "Besides, I knew the whole thing would be forgotten quickly. I hoped so, anyway. And I was in the right. Next week these two won't remember what I look like anyway."Krista didn't look very convinced."The two third-years also tripped me, and I almost fell down a flight of stairs. One of them even insulted me. The boy sounded so viciously and mean that Aggie even threw her Guide to Advanced Transfiguration at him.""One shouldn't be surprised," Krista said. "Fred Weasley and James Sirius Potter have a weird bearing on prepubescent girls.""...and on boys too, apparently.""Yes, I suppose so," Krista laughed and I had to smile too because I had so rarely heard her laugh in the past couple weeks and it seems that I had missed fooling around with her."But is it really necessary to be so mean?" I turned up my nose. "I don't understand that. I never spoke a word to either of them until this morning. And if that's what a conversation with them looks like, then I have no intention of repeating this experience!""Whew! You wouldn't believe what some of the Potter-Weasley-fan club members would do to get an invitation to their party. And then you come along - an inconspicuous Hufflepuff. There's nobody more under the radar than you and still you get offered an invitation. Just like that.""But I've already declined the invitation!""All the worse. You are offered such an incredible chance and you don't take it. It must be very upsetting for someone who'd like to be in your shoes.""So now these two think I'm ungrateful?"Krista smiled. "That, yes, but mostly they're jealous.""Of me?" I sounded more amazed than I intended to."Yep. Some girls are really obsessed with Weasley and Potter, and they get jealous easily. But you already know that. After all, they've tripped you.""Being in love makes you crazy," I shrugged. Not that I knew anything about love myself.I had never been in love before. I'd like to know what that felt like. What it was like to have a crush on someone. What it was like when your heart beat for one specific person. I had already read a lot about love. But nothing more that. I was almost afraid that reality couldn't keep up with my books and my expectations.In books it looked so easy to fall in love. The girl met the boy and puff they were in love! The first kiss was breathtaking and their love endless.My first kiss, on the other hand, had just been... awkward. Not bad, but not good either. And I certainly hadn't been in love. My heart hadn't beaten faster during the kiss, not even out of nervousness."That is not love! How can you love someone you only know from a distance? I prefer to call it obsession.""There's a difference between being in love and loving," I explained. "You can have a crush on someone. You can be in love with someone. And if you value your partner and trust them and feel connected with them, then you can, but don't have to, develop love from being in love.""Wow. It almost sounds like you know what you're talking about," Krista teased me. "Even though you have literally no idea about love."Had Krista ever been in love? If she had been, she never had told me about it. But she didn't talk about herself much anyway. She preferred to listen. In that respect, she was just like me. That's why we liked to keep quiet together. We did not need words to communicate with each other. Our silence was enough because it was a beautiful and meaningful silence. A silence which could fill the quiet."I've read a lot about love," I defended myself."That's right. I always forget what a romantic you can be at times.""I am a theoretical romantic. I can imagine love for my book characters, but not for myself. Never for myself."I shrugged my shoulders. I didn't need romance in my life. I'm sure it would be beautiful to be in a loving relationship and maybe I was longing for it, at least a bit. But my heart had decided that I was not ready for romance. And my heart knew better. So I was okay with how it was. I always trusted my heart and that the right moment to be in love would come. As the right moment for real love."I can't even imagine love. Neither for me, nor for others, nor for book characters. I know that it... exists. I know my parents love each other, but I still can't imagine it, even though I know love exists."I turned my head to look at Krista. Her lips had been pressed together in a thin line and in an expression of concentration. She didn't look sad, but thoughtful. As if it wasn't the first time this thought had crossed her mind.I was surprised that we were talking about love. We normally didn't philosophize about life. Although she was one of my best friends, we never talked about stuff that... profound.I wasn't sure if I liked it better than our usual silence. But variety was not necessarily a bad thing. So it was worth a try."Our time will come eventually.""Maybe," Krista said, smiling simultaneously in an optimistic and melancholic way.The Ravenclaw, about fifteen years old, who had stood in front of us at the cash desk grabbed his small shopping bag and scurried out the door. We were next in line."What can I do for you, ladies?" Fred Weasley asked.He worked here occasionally. Fred didn't need the money, as far as I knew, but apparently he liked helping out in the family business. That or his parents forced him to work.Fred Weasley still looked a bit tired, as earlier at breakfast. I could see the dark circles under his eyes and he seemed a little distracted. His voice lacked the usual energy. But unlike me, his condition was due to his grotesque sleep pattern and no enchanted fireworks.Although one could see his exhaustion a mile a away, Fred was trying on his charming salesman grin. After taking a closer look at me his grin widened."Oh, it's you! Lola, right?"I nodded with a smile on my lips and wondered how long it would take him to forget my name and my face. In factt, until everyone had finally forgotten about my existence. To be honest, I couldn't wait. All this hustle and bustle wasn't really for me."I'd like to buy his stuffed dragon, please," Krista added diplomatically. She dropped the stuffed animal onto the counter next to the cash-point. Waiting, she raised one of her purple dyed eyebrows.Fred looked at her as if he hadn't even registered her presence before. Probably he hadn't, because he had been too busy suppressing his own yawning and poundering over my name which he obviously got wrong.Funny that Krista could be overlooked. With her flashy and colourful hairstyles I wouldn't have thought it inpossible, but in fact it happened from time to time.Fred drew his attention to the stuffed dragon. He picked up the dragon and inspected him from all sides. Then he eyed Krista. "Well, where did you get that from?""The WonderWitch section. Why?" Krista just shrugged her shoulders and lowered her eyes, fishing for several coins in her purse."Nothing, he just doesn't look very familiar to me. I usually know the stock." Fred carefully looked Krista over one last time, then he shook his head. "Looks kind of precious, even noble for a plush toy, don't you think?" He yawned again."He has beautiful eyes," I agreed."Anyway, the tag says it costs 15 silver-sickles," Fred Weasley read aloud. "So I suppose it's 15 sickles then."Krista dropped the 15 silver-sickles onto the counter and stretched out her arms expectantly to grab the stuffed dragon immediately."Now what? I don't get a tip?" Fred teased her, and despite the tiredness he managed a bright smile."No. Sorry."Krista clasped the stuffed dragon firmly in her arms as if she was worried someone would take him away from her. She hurried to the door without another word and threw me an impatient glance over her shoulder. Then she disappeared through the door.That has been quite rude. It was only common decency to tip, right?I waited until I was sure Krista wasn't peeking through the side of the window."Here." Two sickles followed Krista's and jingled on the counter as they made contact with the wood. "But don't tell Krista about this.""It was just a joke. You didn't have to..." Fred shook his head in disbelief and pushed the money back toward me. I raised one eyebrow and he stopped. "Okay, I won't say a word about your generous tip.""Thank you." I gave him a big, sincere smile."You're welcome... Lupe."I looked at him in surprise. So he remembered my name after all. Fred must have a good memory. Not many people took the trouble to memorize my unusual name.I quickly waved goodbye and walked to the egress from the shop. Krista leaned against the opposite wall- She was already waiting for me. The contrast between her purple hair and the falling snow made her standout in the crowd."So where to now?" she asked.She didn't dig deeper into what I had been up to in Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. She had probably already guessed."Would you mind drinking a butterbeer with Aggie. I sort of promised her to meet up later." I shrugged my shoulders apologetically."No... That's all right."I brushed a strand of black hair out of my face. "We might as well go for a little walk first, if you want.""No, really," Krista said. "I'd like a Butterbeer. I have no problem with Selwyn being there."I eyeballed her to make sure she was telling the truth and not just trying to do me another favour."Just ignore her if she starts pulling your hair to pieces again.""I always do," she said. "By now I know Selwyn's nasty ways quite well myself.""I like your hair, by the way." I pointed my index finger toward Krista's head. "You look good in purple.""Better than in green?" Krista proposed.I remembered Krista's green-hair colour phase back in fifth year. Aggie had laughed at her then as ruthlessly as ever. I thought the hair color had resembled the one of mermaids and nymphs. Krista's hair had looked a bit like seaweed, but it really hadn't appeared as bad as it sounded.However, violet looked prettier anyway."Better than in green," I confirmed.I know... no James Sirius Potter in this chapter. But I think it was important to meet Lupe's friends in order to understand her character better. I also really like the idea of Aggie and Krista. What do you think about the girls? Who's your favorite character so far?No worries though. The next chapter is in work. And James Potter is making a comeback!Love, BoulevardReader

Hello, dear readers. Welcome back! Please leave a comment if you're enjoying the fic to far. I'd love to hear your opinions...Aleahyo: Thanks for your kind review! Wait a few chapter and you will find out about the dragon. He will be quite important to Lupe. I also find it really important to flesh out the characters. That's why I'm taking my time. I don't want to rush into a relationship too soon because that wouldn't make any sense for the characters. Lupe is very romantic but at the same time a bit dense. She never had a crush on anyone and she really believes that finding love isn't her fate. James on the other hand had several girlfriends over the past years but no relationship lasted long or was very serious. Falling in love isn't something that will happen to him over night...I also think that in order to understand Lupe and James better it is important to learn about their friends and their family. So yes, in this fanfic we will meet James' family. Writing that will be fun. And we will also meet Lupe's parents who will be clingy and embarrassing but at the same time very loving. To me deciding between Krista and Hagatha is nearly impossible. But maybe this chapter will make it easier for you. :)"Look. There she is." I reached for Kristas' sleeve and pointed to the brunette, alias my moody best friend. "Come on, let's sit with her.""Perhaps," Krista hesitated, carefully freeing herself from my grasp. "I'd better get back to Hogwarts. I've got my essay for Slughorn to finish anyway."Before Krista could even take the first step towards the door - I could see that her pretty purple head was already planing on how to escape from me - I shook my head decisively."Nonsense. You'll have time for that later."Krista showed herself indulgent. "I have no money left to buy a Butterbeer," she argued."Let me buy you one." At Krista's glare, I shrugged my shoulders apologetically. "And next time it's your shot. Honestly."Krista stared at me reluctantly. And I stared back. I knew I had convinced her even before she gave in and sighed. She didn't really feel like working on her complicated Potions essay right now. I could tell by the look in her eyes."I don't know-" she began."Please.""Lou...""Please. I want both of you to get along better. Yes, maybe even like each other. It would be so nice if we could do something togehter, all three of us.""Selwyn and I will fight again," Krista predicted with a sigh.I clapped my hands, smile tugging the corners of my lips, and linked arms with her. "No, today we will all behave in a civilized manner. And in a decent one. No more bickering and no insults."Krista didn't exactly mug, but she wasn't quite as optimistic as I would have liked her to be."It's not me you have to lecture." Krista just mumbled.I wrinkled my nose, unimpressed. "It takes two to tango," I said.Together, we cut our way through the rows of tables until we reached the corner table where Aggie crouched over several empty glasses and was already waiting for us. Her piercing eyes sparkled with rage. Had I made her wait too long? Oh dear..."Lou, I almost thought you were going to ditch me," Aggie grumbled instead of greeting. I ignored her tone with ease and dropped into the seat next to her.I looked at the four empty glasses of Butterbeer on the table and found myself quite amazed. Aggie had always eaten comfort food - chocolate, firewhiskey and butterbeer. She had a fast metabolism, so why not? But four Butterbeers?"McLaggen." Aggie's mood seemed to sink even lower at the sight of Krista.Nevertheless, I remained optimistic for the time being. It'll buff out later. It would work out in the end. I'm sure it would... ...they would pull themselves together for my sake."Hello, Selwyn," Kirsta greeted neutrally, breathing deeply. I was grateful for her effort. Unlike Aggie, she at least tried to behave in a civilised manner. With a little luck, it would rub off on Aggie."What is she doing here?" Aggie looked at me reproachfully."We're gonna do something together, all three of us. Just pretend we're friends.""Nah, not going to happen.""Aggie, please."Hagatha just sighed. "What took you so long? I've been waiting for half of eternity!" She talked to me only, though. English may inconviently leave the pronoun ambiguous, but in this case the you in What took you so long? was clearly intended to be singular."We went to Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. And we managed to find a nice gift for Daisy. Right, Krista?""Yep." She popped the 'P' while leaning back in her seat."I'm sure Daisy will be thrilled to bits when she unwraps her present.""That great?" Aggie asked."I think he's very sweet," I confirmed."Him? Now you've got me intigued. Let me see." She pulled her eyebrows together, as a curious and slightly ironic expression played on her face."May I?" I pointed to the small, colourful bag lying on the bench next to Krista. Krista just shrugged her shoulders, remaining uninvolved. So I reached for the bag and held it out to Aggie. She peeked into it and snorted immediately."A stuffed dragon? What kind of gift is that?" she scowled.Krista gave her an annoyed look, but kept her mouth shut. She pressed her lips together in a thin line, trying no to snap at her."I like him," I emphasized. "I think, you should give him a name, Krista.""How old is your little sister, anyway? Three?"The way she smiled at Krista, lowering her eyes in the most challenging manner, made me feel uneasy. My gaze bounced back and forth between my two friends. However, they were staring at each other angrily and were completely focused on the impending fight.A feeling of nervousness crept up on me, my optimism shrank inmediately. Merlin, please not another argument...Somehow, I had to stop Krista and Aggie from starting a fight. I had to distract them. Somehow."I think he looks like a cross between the Swedish Short-Snout and the Common Welsh Green. He has amber, almost siena brown eyes like the ones of the Welsh Green, but his skin has a kind of silver glow like the Swedish Short-Snout's skin, don't you think?" I babbled, but of course neither Krista nor Aggie paid any attention to me."No, she's nine. And it's no ordinary stuffed animal," Krista replied curtly.I decided to give it another shot. Maybe Krista would be interested in a conversation about dragons. After all, Care of Magical Creatures was one of her best subjects. Although, she was actually good at everything."Then how about a Swedish name to to match his background? Maybe something like Kjell? No, Ragnar. Ragnar sounds good, doesn't it?""Oh yes, can this thing breathe fire?" Aggie asked and Krista kept silent. "I thought so. Looks like a bad buy to me, anyway. How many precious Knuts has this piece of junk cost you? Two? Three? I mean, you don't exactly have a large budget."By now, I had realised that I would have to change my tactics. Obviously, my attempts at distracting them had been a complete flop, because Krista's head was slowly but surely turning bright red. That was certainly not a good sign."Aggie!" Outraged, I gasped for breath like a wounded animal and got ready to rebuke her, but apparently Krista was able advocate for herself and promptly interrupted me."Shut your mouth, Selwyn. You know nothing."I honestly felt like tearing my hair out. I shook my head in despair."Krista, please-""No!", she interrupted again and silenced me that way. I lowered my eyes to my hands, which were folded one upon the other in my lap, and cursed my own stubbornness. Krista had been right. She had been so right...She had changed her mind and had decided rather not to meet with Aggie. I should have gone along with her decision instead of simply ignoring her objections. I really shouldn't have done that. Merlin, I had acted so... unfair. I had always been stubborn but normally I could take a hint...Krista jumped out of her chair, angry and pointed an accusing finger at Hagatha. "You're just bitter because nobody cares enough about you to make you birthday presents, Selwyn."Aggie just laughed sarcastically, calmly placing her chin in the palm of her right hand."Oh, yeah, well spotted. How am I ever gonna get over this tragedy?"I began speaking in a low voice. "Guys, can't we just-""Save the sarcasm. We all know you're depressed and lonely because your parents don't give a damn about you," Krista hissed and she sounded nasty and cold. It was disturbing to me. That wasn't like her. She was friendly and kind. She wished nobody harm. Except maybe the Slytherins once in a while."Wow, how well you know me!" Aggie rolled her eyes."I know enough people like you, believe me. I may not know you in particular, but if you seen one, you seen 'em all," Krista replied sharply."People like me? Who would they be? The evil and oh so devious Slytherins, perhaps?""No, I'm talking about spoiled, arrogant, ignorant and nasty pure-bloods who see themselves as the center of the universe. You all are rude and you discriminate people, because - in reality - you're just sad and alone and somehow you have to project your self-loathing onto others."How could I be so stupid? Why did I never listen to what I was told? Krista had predicted that they would get into a fight! Merlin, even Aggie would have agreed with Krista on that one - needless to say that she never agreed with her.And yet I had insisted on this meeting. Why?"I project my what onto others? My self-loathing? That is so ridiculous. You are ridiculous, McLaggen."But it couldn't have been that ridiculous because the muscles in her jaw moved and her teeth made a grinding sound, almost as if she were chewing steel."Ridiculous? Why? Because I say what comes to my mind? Because I won't let you push me around like Lou let you push her around."My head shot up and I gaped at her. Aggie was my closest friend. I knew her well enough to know her metes and bounds. That was a sore point with her and Krista knew that. And damn, she had opened a can of worms."Lou is my best friend! I'm not pushing her around, you annoying toad! I would never do that!"Meanwhile, Aggie also stood up and raised her finger in a sportively threatening manner. Her body cast a shadow over the table and somehow her posture commanded me profound respect. And if I wasn't mistaken, her hand reached into her pocket, just in case she needed to hex Krista.I began to realise that things looked bad. Things would escalate and would quickly get out of hand.And here I was, sitting next to her - in between them - huddled up like a useless child. A child who had caused a chaos, but had no idea how to get rid of it. A child who didn't know how to deal or cope with anything"You're always angry! You're mean to everyone. You bawl at everyone you pass in the hallway. Even at your so-called best friend," Krista cried.I shook my head wildly. No, it wasn't like that.Aggie criticised me sometimes. She groused and grumbled a lot, expressed her opinions about everything and everyone. Sometimes, she got upset with me and sometimes she got upset infront of me. But she meant no harm. I knew that and that's why I didn't mind. Her nature demanded this way of venting her anger and it didn't bother me. Otherwise, I wouldn't be friends with her. No, it was precisely her tuff and rough nature that made our friendship so speciel - we were opposites, like opposite poles or atoms that attracted each other. We were not just friends. Hagatha was much more a sister to me. Especially because I didn't have a sister of my own, I felt even closer to her.That's why I thought necessary to clear up the... misunderstandings: "Krista, that's not true at all-"Or at least I tried my best to clear up the misunderstandings. Unfortunately, Krista decided to twist the knife in the wound. She dug deeper and deeper, fully aware of the effect her words had."You must be really fucked up. Otherwise, you wouldn't be pulling all this shit.""Why don't you - for once in your life - shut your fucking mouth, McLaggen? You really think I'm gonna let you bust my balls and insult me? Do you think I give a shit about the bollocks you think you know about me? Stop analysing me, you minge. You're not a bit, not a jot, better than I am and you know that!"Aggie pulled out her wand and pointed it at Krista's face. She frowned threateningly and snorted like a werewolf during the full moon."Aggie, that's enough-" The words came out in a desperate, shaken, almos whispering sounded."I'm not like you," Krista contradicted. She hadn't even noticed my ridiculous attempt to break up the argument. But as soft and weak as my voice had sounded, it was only understandable"That's right, you're not!" Aggie agreed. "Because, at least, I know who I am and I know where things stand. But you, you're ridiculous. Poor little Krista with the rainbow hair and the sad smile. Where do you belong, McLaggen?""As far away from you as possible, you-"My eyes flitted back and forth during the exchange, as if they didn't know whether to look at Andy or Krista. I felt overwhelmed and a sniff escaped my lips. In the name of Dumbledore, I would start to cry. And then Aggie would mock me for it and Krista would judge me. I was weepy, they always said. And they were right. And if things carried on like this, the tears would flow and all my efforts to keep my feelings in check would be in vain.Automatically - instinctively even, I pushed myself up from my seat.Shortly afterwards, I pound my hand on the table. Immediately, a sharp pain stabbend through my palm, but I ignored it."Guys, enough! Please!", I said in a firm but sad voice. If it had been anyone else but me, Aggie would probably have derided my tone of voice, but because it was me and no one else, she remained silent, "Can't we talk for five minutes without insulting each other?Krista moaned. She was still furious, her whole body was shaking with rage. She stabbed me with her hard and icy glare, and I was unused to being the one who received such glances. It was horrible. I sat back onto the bench warily and tried to regulate my breathing.I told myself to breathe out and then in. Don't sob. No tears."No, we can't, Lou." My shoulders just slumped down. "Thanks for your help today, but I think it's time for me to go. I'm tired.""But- Okay. See you later, Krista," I stammered. There was no point in arguing anymore.Within seconds, Krista rushed out the door. Off she went. Gone was also all hope of a friendship between Aggie and Krista. Or of a truce, of a relationship based not only on contempt and hatred. I had hoped so much that Krista would overcome her aversion to Slytherins, and that Aggie would discover a spark of sympathy for Krista within herself.I had thought that they would make it. I really had thought the two of them could reconcile, if I insisted on meetings long enough.How could one be so wrong?"Woe to you! You won't start crying now!", Aggie hissed impatiently, sounding kind of frustrated."Okay.""Krista and these stupid meetings are now a thing of the past. I hate her, that bragger!"I lowered my eyes to my fingers plucking the hem of my skirt. I regretted my stubbornness. Even though Aggie might not believe me."I know. I shouldn't have...""You'll never talk me into a meeting like this again! I hope you know that." Aggie demanded."I do. I just wanted...""Yeah, yeah, you just want us all to get along. And unicorns fly through the sky puking rainbows, dancing tango with puppies and listening to classical music together as the sun goes down. If only everything was so beautiful and simple! But the truth is: you're the only reason I haven't jinxed McLaggen into a frog yet. I hate that girl like the plague. And every conversation - if you could even call it that- we have makes me furious!""Is it so wrong to want to-""Yes, Merlin's pants, it is!" she cried enraged. "I'll tell you one last time: I. Hate. Her! Get this through your thick skull, or else"I flinched under her merciless gaze of her green eyes. Aggie usually didn't stare at me like that.She didn't usually yell at me like that either. Not with such unmistakable rage directed at me. She only yelled at me when she was angry at others and needed to let off steam.Aggie's voice broke off abruptly.Silence suddenly spread between us. Aggie and I looked at each other for a few minutes without saying a single word. She opened her mouth and then closed it again. She pinched her lips together, then she mouthed a silent curse. Somehow, she looked... frustrated."I didn't mean to shout at you! I didn't mean to..."I shook my head and wrapped my arms around my chest.She didn't really believe what Krista had claimed to know about our friendship, did she? Aggie was the best friend I could ever have wished for and nothing should ever make her believe otherwise! I loved her more than anyone else at Hogwarts!"Aggie", I interrupted her in a quiet tone to calm her. I wanted to lift that heavy burden off her shoulders. "I'm fine."Aggie didn't look me in the eye. She was sorry she yelled at me, but at the same time, she was still angry with me. So, she just swallowed hard and ran her fingers through her locks."I'm going back now too. If I'm lucky, the field is free. Even if the team isn't there... I could use the practice. For the upcoming game, you know. I need to train." She took a break and snorted. "And hit something.""That sounds like a plan." I hesitated briefly and looked at the four empty glasses placed on the table before us. "I think I'll stay here for a while. I'll have a Butterbeer and I'll pay for your four drinks and all.""Good.""See you at dinner." It sounded more like a question."As usual." And then Aggie left, too.As usual. I was relieved. But no matter how much her words alleviated me, I just couldn't get rid of that oppressive feeling in my chest.I felt like I'd been a terrible friend. To both of them, Aggie and Krista. I should have done something. I should have broken up the fight. Instead, I had just sat there, stumped and clueless. And now I had no idea how to make it up to them.I moaned and buried my head in my hands for a moment. I pressed the heels of my palms against my eyelids and successfully stopped the tears from falling. I felt at least a little less horrible, so I ordered a Butterbeer. After all, I couldn't start a fight and almost cry in a pub and then just order nothing. There must have been rules for that. Or maybe not...The Butterbeer consoled me well. It somehow helped calm me down. I waited for relaxation and peace too. They didn't come. Honestly, I didn't expect anything else given the circumstances."Lulu?" A deep voice asked somewhere behind me. It couldn't have come from too far away. I didn't know any Lulu, though, but the voice seemed familiar."No, Lupe!"I raised my eyes from the table. To my surprise, James Sirius Potter was leaning against the opposite edge of my table. He wore a confident smile on his lips. His hair sat perfectly, as always, in a casual way. Unforcedly perfect as everything about him was. From his haircut to the way he rolled up the sleeves of his shirt. From his broad smile to his straight yet casual posture."Oh." I said. "Hey, James."If there was one person I hadn't expect to ever talk to me again, it was James Sirius Potter. Frankly, I was surprised that he even remembered my name. First Fred Weasley and now James Sirius Potter. It's been a really weird day. Maybe I really should have stayed in bed..."Why are you sitting here all alone?" James asked nonchalantly. His brown eyes drifted to the many glasses that Aggie had emptied all on her own earlier.I quickly shook my head and raised my arms in the air. "I didn't drink them all myself.""I just wondered." He smiled briefly. It was a really nice smile. "Have you been stood up?" he asked as he looked at me more closely.I didnt like being stared at. But above all, I never really got scrutinized. I wasn't used to it."No- Yeah, something like that." I sighed silently."You like doing that, don't you? You always seem to talk in riddles. One has to decipher the meaning behind your words," James said and I looked at him in wonder."I guess I'm not much of a blabbermouth," I replied vaguely and took another sip of my butterbeer.Though, I truly was a big blabbermouth. But only when talking to Krista, Hagatha or even Mrs. Norris. Maybe I was a little shy. Even though I had never considered myself shy. I would rather call me... frugal with social contacts. Yeah, that hit it off pretty well."A real shame, if you ask me." James pulled back a chair and sat down across from me. I watched the chair in perplexity as it slid forward over the wooden floor. I frowned. Stupid chair. Why are you empty?, I thought. "We really should to do something about that. Don't you agree?"I looked at him questioningly, but decided not to be so rude. He probably just wanted to know how I was doing. He wanted to check on my health or something. That was sweet of him. So why shouldn't I be nice to him?"All right, Lupe Rashid, tell me about yourself," James now asked. He rested his elbow on the table and his chin in his palm, then he looked at me attentively.That was new to me. People like James Sirius Potter usually didn't ask me to tell them anything about myself."About myself?""Exactly," James confirmed."But I'm boring."His eyebrows raised spectically. "I highly doubt that.""If you insist." I sensed that it wouldn't do any good to avoiding him. Besides, I had implored myself to be polite. "My name is Lupe Rashid. I'm sixteen. And I'm a Hufflepuff."James shook his head and grinned as if he had expected nothing but exactly that answer. But he didn't know me. So that was nonsense and my imagination was running riot again. "I meant, tell me something about you I don't know yet.""You want me to tell you my secrets?" My nose unconsciously wrinkled as I said "I'm afraid I don't have any secrets. I'm sorry to disappoint you, but as I said before, I'm pretty boring.""No, no secrets, although I'm certain that everybody has secrets." He looked at me knowingly and I quickly lowered my eyes back to my glass. "Okay, I'll just have to make it easier for you, then. I'll ask you a question and you'll just answer as if we were playing 20 Questions. Are you on board?"A question game, then? I met his eyes, waited a moment and then shrugged my shoulders. "It depends on the question, but yes.""Perfect," he said, sounding quite pleased. "So what's your favourite colour?"That was his first question? I had presumed something... more daring. Apparently, this game would be much more harmless than expected. And I already accused him of having bad intentions... I bit my lower lip. Why did I judge James so hastily? He did not deserve this."Yellow," I answered truthfully."Why?" continued James."Because I'm a Hufflepuff.""How witty you are." He rolled his eyes, but that did no harm to his carefree, almost cheerful manner and demeanor.So I tried again, "Because I like lemons." James raised his eyebrows and I just smiled innocently before finally prompting myself to give a real answer:"Because yellow reminds me of deserts. And of the blazing sun, so somehow also of Egypt and therefore of my grandparents." I raised the glass to my lips. Butterbeer tasted like home because it reminded me of Hogwarts. The colour yellow looked like home, because it reminded me of the warm but raw climate in Egypt. "Is that a better answer?""Absolutely." James looked more than satisfied. He smiled at me as he ran his hands through his black hair. And it was almost relaxing to talk to him. It was almost good to talk to him. After everything that happened with Aggie and Krista, it was nice to have someone who wasn't angry and furious with me. Of course, I didn't estimate anything to come out of this conversation. I was waiting for the moment when he remembered that his friends were sitting together not five tables away from us. Soon, he would notice it and then he would be happily say goodbye to me. But that was okay for me. At least, he had been able to take my mind off things.I wondered if that had been his intention from the beginning. Had he noticed that I hadn't been in the best mood? Had he perhaps wanted to cheer me up? Or was I once again just interpreting too much into the behaviour of others?Whatever it was, this conversation was quite nice. James Sirius Potter, as self-confident and slightly arrogant as he was, was quite nice."Next question?" I nodded. "Have you perhaps already changed your mind? Would you like to come this Friday after all?"I frowned. That question again? If I remembered correctly, I had already told him at breakfast that I wasn't planning on coming to Fred Weasley's birthday party. This had nothing to do with Fred and nothing to do with James. I had nothing against either of them. Parties weren't really my scene. Alcohol, crowds and dancing were all things I was happy to do without. I didn't tolerate firewhiskey well and I wasn't capable of dancing. So what should I do at a party?But I thought it was a waste of time to explain all this to James. He was obviously a sociable person who had no problem approaching people. He wouldn't understand it because he did all those things that were so difficult for me without giving it a second thought.While I was thinking about how I could best avoid his question, my gaze glided across the neighbouring tables and again rested on the group of seventh graders chatting and laughing together. Most of them were Gryffindors, but I did recognise one or two Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs. James' friends were all popular and widely known among our classmates. There were Esme and Georgia Clearwater, among others, as well as Archibald Riley and Ibrahim Hughes. Only of the trio, composed of Fred, Reuben and James, none was in sight. For one of them was working, the other had probably stayed behind in the school library to read one of his bulky books, and the third was currently sitting next to me.I still couldn't quite explain why though. James Sirius Potter shouldn't have remembered my name. A few hours ago he hadn't even known that I existed. He should have forgotten me by now, but instead we were playing some sort of question-and-answer game together. How did that even happen?"You don't have to keep me company, you know? I'm not a little child you have to look after," I said evasively, but I immediately noticed how incredibly unfriendly and ungrateful I must have sounded. My eyes immediately widened and I shook my head. James was so kind and took his time to distract me from my troubles - albeit perhaps unconsciously - and I put his nose out of joint. "Sorry, that was rude of me!"The argument between Aggie and Krista must have knocked me completely out of my stride. I had always been rather blunt and direct, but I was usually much less bold. Galloping gargoyles, where were my manners? What would mother say!"I only meant that you don't need to feel obliged to talk with me. I can fully understand if you would rather do something with your friends now," I added, trying to explain myself. I pointed with a nod of my head towards his friends' table and James followed my gaze.He did not seem angry or offended, but rather amused. I just didn't understand why. I had been rude to him. Why was he amused?Slowly a pattern began to emerge, I guess. I did not understand James Sirius Potter. And that was strange. For, although I didn't understand many things, I had always had the impression that I could interpret people rather well. But not so James."They can manage without me," James just waved aside."I would manage without you, too," I said with a frown. "No offence.""Besides," he added. "I like sitting her with you, Lupe.""Lou. Everybody calls me Lou.""Good to know, but I like your name better. You don't need a nickname," said James, grinning his typical James Sirius Potter grin."That's not for you to decide, James," I said, looking at him pointedly over the edge of my nearly empty glass.James returned my look and leaned across the table a little. He clicked his tongue mockingly. "And you didn't answer my question, by the way, Lupe."I blinked briefly and then pulled myself together. "What question then?", I said innocently.Over the years I had become quite good at avoiding unpleasant questions. Most of the time, I made sure that I wasn't asked any in the first place. That wasn't too difficult to achieve when hardly anyone was interested in your person. However, whenever my parents or Aggie and Krista felt me out, I did my best to distract from the subject. For example, whenever Aggie asked me how I had spent last Friday night, I would try to direct our conversation towards our plans for the afternoon or other minor issues.James raised both eyebrows."For the record, you're a bad liar," he told me dryly. I just shrugged my shoulders. Well, today wasn't really my day. "Will you come to Freddie's Party?"I thought for a moment. "Well, today is Saturday?""Yes, it is." James looked at me with a titled head. His eyes sparkled with great interest which genuinely appeared strange to me. That much attention from the golden boy somehow made me feel uneasy."Hm." I said."Now, what has that got to do with whether you can come to Freddie's party on Friday or not?", James asked. Actually, I had expected him to look at me as if I was nuts or something. But he didn't think I was crazy, or at least he didn't look as if he thought I was crazy. James thought I was funny. Once again, he looked so amused as if my every word was entertaining him."Nothing." I shrugged."So why did you ask?""Because I've forgotten what day it is. It can happen to the best of us."Well, that was no lie. I wasn't big on schedules. I didn't own a single watch for a very good reason. I had a natural aversion to measuring the immeasurable. To me, time was relative. I often forget the time because a book, a daydream or just a sudden thought in my head seemed to be more interesting than my diary. Well, I didn't need an alarm clock in the morning - I didn't even own one - to get up. I woke up well by myself. And I wasn't too often late for class either, because Aggie, Krista, even Mildred and Elain always dragged me along with them. But as soon as I was left alone with time, you could expect to see me again five hours later at the earliest. In the afternoon, when classes were over and our free time began, I was either kept company to make sure I didn't forget the time, or I was left alone and disappeared until dinner.I didn't measure time. I kept to my schedule out of a sense of duty (and with a lot of support of my friends) but even then I did it rather sloppy. What could I say? I guess, I was a little lazy.Promises were sacred to me. That's why I wasn't always late. But I didn't like the time rule or the counting of calendar days."I rather think you were trying to change the subject."Of course, you could also see it that way. He wasn'tcompletely wrong."Nonsense," I said and smiled."You really are a funny girl."James laughed, deeply and melodically. It sounded exactly how I had always imagined the laughter of my novel heroines' love interests to be like. It sounded really beautiful and was almost contagious. To hear James' laughter could certainly make you happy. To have such a laugh that made the people around you cheerful was a wonderful idiosyncrasy."I think you've said that before," I replied, remembering his words earlier at breakfast.My dad used to say that I was very special and unique. But he was my dad, and they said stuff like hat. All dads believed that their daughters were gems and angels, precious and extraordinary.James, on the other hand, thought I was funny, in an amusing way. Yes, he might even have liked my idiosyncrasies, although he would have been one of the first to do so (except Krista and Aggie, of course)."I suppose so." James leaned back in his chair as if he needed to get the big picture of me and the situation, and crossed his arms in front of his chest. "I take it that your evasion of my question is a no. Am I right in assuming that?"I shrugged and just smiled. Sometimes, silence was answer enough."I don't think you really and properly understand the rules. You could be a bit more cooperative. And I wouldn't mind if you showed a little more interest in my wonderful and remarkable person. According to the rules of 20 Questions, you're also free to ask questions, you know?"I swayed my head slightly back and forth and looked for the right words. "Rules... they are always so vaguely formulated, in my opinion," I finally answered.To my own surprise, James - who had been digging deeper during the whole conversation so far - was satisfied with my explanation. He nodded his head as if he was processing but understanding my words."If you're not going to ask me anything, it's my turn, right?""Whatever," I agreed and turned the now empty glass in my hands. In a airy tone I remarked: "Unless of course you are bored of me by now. You are free to leave, if you wish so."Playfully hurt and offended, he placed his hand over his heart and sighed before his usual grin reappeared. "Are you trying to get rid of me?"I put down my glass and tapped my chin thoughtfully. "What was that about the rules again? Are there any questions that you can simply leave unanswered? Or is that against your rules?""No, it's not. But I thought you didn't care about rules.""Oh, yes, I do. I always play by the book. But I find there's a great deal of room for interpretation where that's concerned."And so it was. Aggie cheated at every board game, and no matter how many times you tried to convince her not to cheat, it was no use. I had tried to explain to her so many times that it was no fun to play when someone was using dirty tricks. But Aggie always reacted in the same way, assuring me that she was indeed having fun because she always won. And she loved to win!I preferred to lose, but play fair. After all, I didn't want to blind myself. If I couldn't win honestly, what was the point of winning? How could I be happy to achieve something if I hadn't done anything honorable in order to achieve it?But I had to admit that I also was the first one to find a loophole in the rules and to take advantage of it. Most of the time, I still didn't win, as with Aggie constantly cheating.Besides, the rules were usually really vague. When it came to placing your token on the starting field, I always wondered who had decided that the starting field was the starting field and not the end field. Theoretically, any space could be the starting field, depending on where I decided to place my token. If I placed my token on the fourteenth space and then made my first move, then the fourteenth space would be my starting field, right?"I see," said James.But did he? Or did he only think he understood me? Sometimes, I had the feeling not to understand myself. Not because I was crazy, but rather because my logic seemed too complicated even for myself at times."Can I ask you one more question?"I nodded."What did you do tonight, all alone after curfew?"My heart suddenly beat faster. The way James inquiringly glanced at me made me feel caught. I hadn't done anything. Except taking a short walk... Well, maybe I should rethink the rules thing? I did not always play by the book. I followed the rules when and if I thought them useful."I stumbled into enchanted fireworks."I inspected my glass and the tiny drops at its bottom. Oh yes, those beads were vastly more interesting than James' question."You know what I mean."My eyes remained on my empty glass. It had a beautiful shape and pattern that made it look like some sort of crystal. I loved crystals, especially the beautifully polished ones that produced rainbows. Usually, you didn't even notice what beauty was hidden in the daylight. It was these rainbow crystals that brought out the hidden variety of colours."Do I?", I asked after a while in which I had been lost in my thoughts. I spoke in a clueless tone of voice.James opened his mouth to respond. Probably to press me further, when a loud and cheerful voice stopped him from voicing any more questions."Potter!" James turned around. He had recognised this voice as quickly as I had. Well, its owner was quite distinctive too. "There you are! Finally! Davies and I have been looking for you since forever."James smiled at her. "Hey, Brown."Aadhya Brown was one of the prettiest girls at Hogwarts. She was rather small, but she got a voice like a foghorn. With her hip-length and thick hair and slightly crooked eyes, she looked enchanting. Her face was not as evenly and sharply cut as Kristas, but had a charm of its own. But what made her popular among her classmates was not her beauty, or her friendship with Potter and Weasley. No, it was largely her personality. Aadhya Brown was friendly, courteous and always helpful. She was loud and laughed a lot and she got on well with everyone. Even the Slytherins seemed to hate her less than the rest of the Gryffindors.Nobody hated Aadhya Brown. It was impossible to hate someone as nice and sweet."What are you doing over here? Why aren't you sitting with the others," Aadhya asked and gave James a pat on the upper arm. She looked briefly at the table where Ibrahim, Georgia and the rest of their mutual friends were gathering.James nodded in my direction. Aadhya, surprised because she hadn't noticed me yet, bent over and scratched the back of her head. At first, she had a thoughtful expression on her face but then she beamed at me joyfully. A little awkwardly, I smiled back."Ah, you've got yourself a date. I see," she exclaimed. She whirled around to James, grabbed his arms and shook them. He just raised his eyebrows while Aadhya began to grin as bright as only a grinning cat could manage."Not quite," I clarified and shook my head. I was a lot but surely not compatible with the famous James Sirius Potter. I mean, he'd appeared numerous times in Witch Weekly.This threw Aadhya so off course that she started to pattern me again. Then it dawned on her. She snapped her finger and nodded knowingly."Are you the Hufflepuff the boys pranked?"She narrowed her eyes reproachfully after giving James a reprehensive look that said something like: 'Why are you always so childish?'"It wasn't that terrible. I'm just pretty jumpy. Maybe I overreacted a bit," I said waving aside.I didn't know exactly why I was defending James and his friends at this point. I guess, I just didn't want to be the reason why Aadhya was upset with him. The joke had backfired completely, but I didn't want the boys to feel too guilty about it either. And above all, they shouldn't be blamed by their friends just because I felt a bit musty today. In no way did I want to be the cause of a discussion."That's not what I heard! Throwing enchanted fireworks at someone, that's kid stuff!"James pulled a guilty face. "In my defence, it was Freddie's idea."Aadhya and I seemed to agree: that was a bad excuse. She snorted in disbelief, causing James to rub his neck, embarrassed."That does not make it any better, you fool," Aadhya replied, "and from what I've heard, the boys haven't exactly shown any remorse. At least Weasley didn't.""He was a little tired this morning, not in the best of moods. That can happen," I explained. James nodded his head violently in agreement. I think that was supposed to mean: 'You said it, Lupe!'"You don't have to excuse their lousy behaviour, Helga! If I were you, I'd bash those three up." Demonstratively, she raised her left fist in the air and stretched out her arm in James' direction. He just gently moved her hand away which she had swung in front of his face."I hope not," he said dryly and crossed his arms again in front of his chest."I don't like violence," I assured him."It's a great pity. I wouldn't have missed such a spectacle. No one would." Disappointed, Aadhya curled her lips.I shrugged apologetically. No one would... indeed. No one would miss anything James was involved in. He was always the center of attention. Everyone loved him. And I could understand why - he was a nice bloke."I think I'd better get going. You two have a nice afternoon. I'm sure your friends are waiting."I quickly rose from my seat. I fished enough coins - including a tip - out of my wallet and began stacking them, one atop another. They resembled two shining towers. Meanwhile, Aadhya turned back to James and raised her right index finger in the air."Right!" she remembered. "Potter, Davies needs you. I should come and get you. It has something to do with Freddie's party, as far as I know."James only sighed. "Don't tell me he's set up another one of his redundant schedules for me to check, when nobody ever sticks to them anyway?"Aadhya was deadly serious. "It's Davies. What do you need to ask?"By now, I had stacked all the coins neatly, from the larger ones to the smaller ones. Perhaps, I could turn away unseen and squeeze past James and Aadhya without drawing attention to myself."His lists and plans always ruin my plans," said James."...If your spontaneous ideas can be called plans in the first place...", Aadhya objected, but James skillfully ignored her comment.He was completely focused on Fred Weasley's party. He had actually forgotten me now. I wasn't disappointed, just surprised at how suddenly that happened."Does he at least take care of the fire whiskey like I asked him to?" James asked furtively as if he had a bad premonition.I reached for my shopping bag with the Quick-Quotes Quill in it. Carefully, I walked past them. But Aadhya's next words almost made me laugh:"He spoke of a non-alcoholic substitute. Grape juice, I think."James looked at her in disbelief. But Aadhya was not joking, I could tell from her tone of voice."Merlin, bloody Davies!" cursed James. He reached for Aadhya's arm and jumped up from his chair. Then, he ushered her past me and towards the door. James was in a hurry, much more hurried than I was. So I willingly let them go first."Bye, Helga," Aadhya cried over her shoulder to say goodbye. Not five seconds later, she and James rushed out of the door.I shrugged my shoulders. What a day...NOTES:- James flirts a lot. He doesn't even notice it. He is so used to girls falling for him that he finds Lupe quite interesting. There are girls who hate him like Aggie but he isn't used to girls having no real opinion about him other than 'oh, is quite nice'- Lupe is a real Hufflepuff! She's loyal and kind but she really doesn't know what to do if people fight around her. She wants break up the fight but she gets intimidated really fast. She's much to emotional at times. And she is a bit naive at times too, because she wants everyone to get along and she doesn't want to accept that her to cloesest friends despise each other. I totally understand her. It really hurts her to see how much they hate one another. Sadly, her attempts to make them friends don't help at all...- Lupe isn't a girl who people get angry with. Her parents spoiled her, although you will find out that it's nearly impossible to find someone more humble and kind than Lupe... and her classmates don't even notice her... so her friends being angry with her is something very frightening to her. But it also opens her eyes...- In the next chapter Mrs. Norris will make a comeback! So I will skip to next friday and therefore to Fred's party...And Myrtle will appear too, which will be fun... Of course, James will be there as well but you will see :)BoulevardReader 
