Harry Potter should have been happy after all at long last he was finally going back to Hogwarts. But he wasn't happy. He was already missing siruis and was dreading the long weeks without seeing him. Also he couldn't help but wish Hermoine and Ron weren't off busy with prefect duty but were in a train compartment. The only consolation was Ginny Weasly was also in his train compartment. But unfortunately so were Neville and Loomy Lovegood.The moment she walked into the train comparment everyone went silent. She was already dressed in her Hogwarts robes. Harry was about to tell her to get the hell out but before he could she spoke"Hello ok if I sit hear Luna" she asked pushing a strand of white hair off her faceAlmost as soon as she finished talking Luna smiled at her and nodded."No, Snape" Harry snarled glaring with dislike at the daughter of SnapeHer dark eyes flashed angrily "Firstly Potter it's Carrin Marshall and secondly I don't remember asking you if I could sit here I asked Luna"Harry didn't reply, he just gritted his teeth and glared at Carrin.From the moment Harry found out who Carrin was he hated her after all she was Snape's daughter. Annoyingly he seemed to be the only person not counting the slytherines who hated Carrin mainly due to the fact Carrin was the only one who behaved however she liked in Snape's classes which caused great amusement with Hogwarts students.The next hour passed silently. The only thing that cheered Harry up was when Ron and Hermoine joined a very angry Harry.All of a sudden Harry had a strong feeling someone was standing behind him. He turned around and was faced with Malfoy pointing his wand at Harry a hex half out of his mouth. Before he could even reach for his wand Carrin whipped out her wand and muttered "Lotia exsptum"Malfoy rored in anger as he sprouted antlers and large tenticals from his face. Harry couldn't help but laugh and had an annoyingly strong urge to ask her how to perform the hex.The laughter was ended when Snape stalked through the train corridor and spotted Malfoy."Carrin" he asked without the hatred in his voice that was always present when he talked to the majority of Hogwarts students "Carrin tell me how to undo the hex" Snape demanded"Your clever you figure it out Father" she snarled backSnape glared at her and began to drag Malfoy away."That was awesome" Ron laughed "Did you see Malfoys face" snorted Ron doing an impression of Malfoy trying to yank the antlers out of his face which caused great amusement for Luna, Ginny, Neville, Harry, Hermoine and Carrin."Arent you going to say thank you to Carrin for stopping malfoy hexing you" Luna asked HarrySwallowing his pride Harry muttered "Thanks" and was surprised when he realised he really did mean itCarrin grinned "No problem Potter I think that's the first nice thing you said to me in five years "

Even before teaching her first class three thirds of the school all hated Professor Umbridge. But nobody hated Umbridge more than Carrin Snape and Harry Potter. Harry was standing outside Umbridges classroom desperately wishing he had brought one of Fred and Georges sciveing snackboxs."Good luck Potter. Looks like there is another teacher who hated you before they even met you. Should have brought one of the Weasly's Snackboxs. Are sell you one in return for you promising to make the ministry bitch life hell"Harry jumped at the sound of Carrin's voice. When he turned his head he was suprised to see Carrin had a wicked smile on her pale face "How about I make Umbridge's life hell and dont but a snackbox off you " snapped Harry"Whatever Potter we better go in you cant avoid the hell were about to walk into "Harry forced himself not to smile. He hated Carrin but he had reminded herself that he didn't find Carrin's wit funny."Mr Potter, Miss Snape your late" snapped Umbridge the moment the two of them walked into the defence against the dark arts classroom."Yes we are late" Carrin agreedUmbridges toad like eyes widened "Five points from Gryffindor and I will be telling your father of your conduct" Umbridge snapped"Oh dear I would never want to disappoint Father" said Carrin in a sincere tone but nevertheless her words caused smirks by the students in the classroom as they all know about Carrin's hatred for her fatherAs Harry sat down Carrin smiled at him and surprisingly Harry found himself smiling back." You will be pleased to here that this year you will be taught a course of Ministry approved magic. I'm afraid you are all dreadfully behind where the ministry would except you to be after all you have had defence against the dark arts teachers who not only peformed Unforgivable curses infront of you but on you to and you were also exsposed to dangerous halfbreeds""If you mean Professor Lupin he was the best teacher we ever had" interrupted DeanHowever Umbridge carried on talking as if Dean had never spoken "These are the course aims" she said pointing her wand at the blackboardCarrin bit her tongue to spot herself speaking out after she finished reading the ridiculous course aims. Surely she thought to herself the Ministry cant stop us learning defence against the dark arts" she thought to herself"Now said Umbridge turn to page two of your textbooks and begin reading" Umbridge told the classMuch to Carrin's shock Hermoine Granger the schools biggest bookworm had not immediately opened the book instead she had her hand up in the air. After a few minuets of Umbridge stubbornly ignoring Hermoine she finally gave in when she noticed the vast majorty of the class were no longer reading the dull book and were inatead staring at Hermoine so with great reluctance Umbridge said"Yes Miss Granger""I don't understand the course aims"Once again Umbridge's large toad like eyes widened with anger "I think you will find the course aims perfectly clear if you read them throughly" snapped Umbridge angrily"Well I don't think its clear there's nothing in the course aims about using defensive magic ProfessorThis caused much muttering in the class."Use magic" Umbridge giggled "I can't imagine why you would need to use magic in my class"Carrin shook her head in disbelief at the stupidity of the Ministry she opened her mouth to speak but Harry spoke first "How are we supposed to defend ourselves if you weren't let us use magic" he asked angrily"Defend yourself, who would imagine would want to attack schoolchildren such as yourself""Oh I don't know Lord Voldemort" Harry snapped angrily"You have been told a dark wizard has returned that is a lie" said Umbridge completely failing to hide her anger"So according to you Cedric Diggory dropped dead of his own accord" snapped Carrin angrilyUmbridge pulled out a piece of pink paper and a quill and quickly scrawled some words on the paper."Miss Snape""Its Marshall" interrupted Carrin with a hint of anger in her voice"Mr Potter you will go to your head of house and take this with you Mr Potter" hissed Umbridge glaring furiously at CarrinThe moment the two left the classroom Carrin burst into laughter "That bitch's face" she giggled "God you really wound that iddot up. You know you have many, many, many flaws but Potter but at least you hate the bloody Ministry and your not afraid to speak the truth" Carrin told Harry with a grin on his faceHarry was suprised to find that he was odlly pleased to here Carrin's complement "You have even more flaws that me but I guess your not completely evil Marshell" said HarryThe two looked at each other and smiled at each other. Harry felt a strange feeling when he looked at Carrin and he glanced away feeling awkward.

"That was excellent I have to addmit Potter I may not like you but at least you tell the truth" giggled CarrinHarry's anger began to boil over. Did Carrin think Voldemort was a fucking joke. "Do you seriously think that this is funny Voldemortis not a joke. And the Ministry trying to take over Hogwarts is not a joke" she demanded. What are you some sad girl who just wants to make Daddy angry " Harry roaredThe next thing Harry know he was being pinned up against the wall. Carrin pulled out her wand and held it to his throat "You have no bloody idea look up the Marshell's and then come back and tell me that I'm doing this to make my so called father mad and in the mean time stay the hell away from me" she snarled"Look up the Marshells and then say that I think the Ministry is a joke. And don't you dare call Snape my father if you look up the Marshell's your see why I hate him and in the mean time stay the hell away from me or are he you and that's if your lucky"She let go of Harry and stormed off towards Professor McGongell's office. Harry lagged reluctantly behind her. The moment McGongell saw Harry and Carrin in her office she know straight away that they were in there for trouble."Mr Potter Miss Marshall Snape what are you doing here" she asked impatientlyHarry handed her the note. Once McGongell finished reading it she glared at the two."Acting out in Professor Umbridge classes will cost you more than just house points you both have a weeks worth of detention that start at seven 0 clock""Even Friday can't you do something I have Quidditch's try outs professor" begged Harry feeling a strong urge to hit Carrin when he noticed her smirk"No""Aww Potter you going to miss flying around on a broom while everyone else does all the work. Oh Potter I just described your whole life" said Carrin"Fuck off, your not funny" Harry snapped resisting the very strong urge to her her but at the same time he felt oddly sorry for Carrin. He was desperat to find Hermoine to ask her who the hell the Marshall's were.In Harry's next lesson he didn't have time to catch up with Hermoine so he raced after her and the end of charms"Hermoine" he shouted running to catch up with Hermoine"What is it Harry" asked Hermoine "I've got a lot of homework to do""What do you know about the Marshall's""The Marshall's are legend there were two Marshall sisters Arvin and Anwin they were two of the most powerful witches but they hated each other Arvin was eventually killed by her sister and her neices and nephews were implicated in the murder Anwin's children were legends and very successful. After Arvin's murder two of Anwins children were cleared of the murder and the other three Faye and Rhiannon and Ellijah went on the run they were rumoured to protect people from dark wizards eventually Faye was killed by death eaters after vowing revenge on the ministry and death eaters who were rumored to work together to kill Rhiannon and Ellijah. I dont know what happend to Faye's daughter though"Harry felt shocked. He know that Snape was a death earer mabe he had killed Carrin's mother. Harry began to debate whever he should apologise to Carrin.Two days later Harry was anxiously hurrying back to Gryffindor comman room, he only had ten minuets to get back to the comman room or he would be facing another bloody detention. When he finally arrived Carrin was slouched against a wall and the fat lady was nowhere to be seen."Shes gone Potter looks your have to face another detention Potter" snarled Carrin"Carrin" said Harry nervously"What" she snapped"I wanted to say I'm sorry. Faye Marshell was your mother wasnt she. And if Snape had a hand in your mum's murder I'm so sorry for calling you Snape and saying you were just like him."A flicker of pain shot through Carrins eyes "If you tell anyone I will make you wish you were never even been born" she told Harry seriously"I know what it's like to have your parent betrayed by someone who they should have been able to trust my parents died because there so called best friend Wormtail betrayed them to Voldemort" Harry hestaited for a second "But why did Snape betray your mum" he asked curiouslyCarrin sighed "I have no idea"Carrin gave him a half hearted smile "Your secret's safe with me Harry" Carrin mutteredHarry smiled at Carrin "I guess your not the worst person to be stuck in a corridor with" Harry told CarrinCarrin grinned "Awfully big of you Harry" she giggled "Fancy an areo"Harry did a double take "Your a pure blood who eats muggle chocolate" he said incredulously "I offered Ron an areo once and he asked why it was mouldy" he told CarrinCarrin laughed "I'm sorry but that ginger boy is an iddiot." Carrin laughed "And do you want the areo or not" she askedHarry reached out his hand for the chocolate. The two teenagers smiled at each other. Neither of them said it but they had called a truce.The two chatted for a while. Carrin was witty smart and funny and much to her surprise she found Harry was strangely good company he could be mildly amusing and he was clearly very loyal to his friends. Carrin couldn't help admire his determination to do the right thing.Suddenly the cold voice of Snape spoke "What are you doing" he snarled at the two of them"Sitting in a corridor" Carrin told SnapeHarry tried not to groan he know Snape was fiercely protective of his daughter and would not take kindly to Harry chatting to his daughter."Your both in detention" Snape snarled "Carrin I will see you at 8 0 clock tomorrow" he told his daughter with a hint of love in his voice "Potter" he hissed "You will have a detention the following day at 8" he said stalking off looking more bat like than normal

Carrin slowly walked to the dungeon that was Snapes classroom. She stood still by the door for a few seconds before entering."Carrin your late" Snape told her as Carrin stalked into the dungeon"And your point is" Carrin snapped angrily"Carrin I just want to talk" he told her sadlyCarrin glared at her father. Talk, he wanted to talk if it wasn't for him her mother might still be alive."The chance to talk went a long time ago" snapped Carrin angrily, her hand was clenched on her wand and she was resisiting the strong urge to hex him."Its not Carrin I can't spend the rest of my life with you hating me""Guess your gonna have to kill yourself then " Carrin snapped"Carrin I'm not the evil person you think I am"Without even meaning to Carrin pointed her wand at her father "You seriously think you can fix everything with a little chat because of you my mum is dead. I swear to god I will make sure your punished for what you did" Carrin snarledCarrin muttered the beginning of a hex but before she could finish it her wand flew out of her hand. Snape's heart broke as he disarmed his own daughter. From the moment he first laid eyes on Carrin he swore he would protect her, make sure she had a childhood better than his. But instead he had broken her in a way his father had never done to him"Go on then" she screamed walking towards her wand "Kill me like you killed Mum or do you need the persons child crying and screaming to not kill her" she roared managing to grab her wand"Carrin put your wand down. You don't know what really happened" said Snape calmlyCarrin laughed angrily "Well I was there when you did it so I think I know what happened" Carrin yelled angrily she turned around and stalked towards the door."Carrin stop dont make me use magic on you"Carrin's anger boiled over. She was barley awear of what she was doing as she spun round sending her father flying backwards.As Carrin stalked through the corridors students moved out of her way the moment they spotter her. But there was two exceptions."You look awfully angry" said Luna dreamily"Um are you um ok" Harry asked sounding vaguely concerned"Yes Luna I am. And Harry Luna lets go sonewhere and talk"The three walked for a few minuets and Harry was surprised when they stopped in the middle of a corridor. Carrin muttered something Harry couldn't quite here and suddnley a door appeared.The three entered a large room there was dozens of photos. "Who are the people in the photos" Harry asked"Thats what you want to know" Carrin said incredulously"There Carrin's family" explained LunaHarry's eyes were drawn to a photo of a stunningly beautiful woman. Her long hair was raven black her skin was as white as Carrin's and she had the same dark eyes."Who's that" he asked"Are go now" said Luna before Carrin had a chance to speakCarrin didnt speak untill Luna left "That was my mum" she said softly"Is that your family" Harry asked pointing towards another photo"Yeah the blond one is my aunt Rhiannon the dark haired man with green eyes is my uncle Elijah and the blond one is my coward of an uncle Kai and the other woman is my aunt Roaslie she secretly prodected Rhiannon, Elijah and my mum"For a few minuets they were silent "Snape claims that I don't know the full story of what happened I was there when a bunch of people broke into my house my mum locked me in a different room but I could here the screaming I got out of the room just in time to see my uncle Ellijah killed my mum grabbed me and ran we had almost gotten away untill Snape appeared out of nowhere and killed her infront of me" she sobbed tears rolling down her pale face"He's a bloody scumbag. People think I've had a hard life but yourse is a hell of a lot harder" Harry told Carrin quietly"Good your not one of those people who says sorry for everything" Carrin joked through her tearsHarry smiled "You know Hermoine wants me to start teaching people defence against the dark arts isn't that a stupid idea I mean who would want to be taught by the school freak" Harry told herCarrin gave Harry a real smile "Firstly your not the only school freak and I think you would be a great teacher. You should do it Harry go on live on the wild side" Carrin reassured him"I will under one condition""And what's that" Carrin asked him curiously"You teach with me"Carrin laughed "Alright Professor Potter" she giggledSomehow the two ended up closer and closer. For a second Harry moved to kiss her suddenly Carrin pulled away"Our see you around"

The last detention with Umbridge was far less painful than the others. Despite the pain in both Carrin and Harry's hand as the words I will not tell lies were carved into their skin they couldn't help but feel triumph over Umbridge soon they would br starting a group against the ministry hag.The next few days passed quickly all of a sudden it was the day of the hogsmeade visit. Which meant it was the day people would meet Harry and Carrin because they were interested in learning defance against the dark arts from Harry and Carrin.Harry Ron Hermoine and Carrin walked through Hogsmeade together. Hermoine looked mildly resentful at the idea of being taught by her class rival. Ron however seemed delighted at the possibility of spending more time with Carrin. He kept up a constant stream of chatter which was mostly about his own abilities.Carrin stood close to Harry and whispered in his ear "Ginger's got a crush on me his brothers are more my type"Harry felt a sudden surge of jealousy towards Fred and George but he couldn't help but feel pleased that Carrin wasn't interested in Ron. He smiled at Carrin but didn't say anything."Are we going to the three broomsticks" Harry asked HermoineCarrin snorted with laughter "No" said Hermoine rolling her eyes "It's far to crowded in there" she exsplained"Good job you two have got Granger otherwise you would have died in your first year, we don't want Umbridge knowing what were doing" said Carrin slowly as if explaining something to a two year old"But there's no rule about school clubs" Ron said sounding slightly confusedHermoine and Carrin shared an exsparated look "Yes but I don't Umbridge would be pleased about us starting a group against Umbridge and the ministry" Hermoine explainedRon turned red when he noticed that Carrin rolled her eyes at him "So where are we going" he asked quietly"Its called the room of requirements and before you ask it's a room that becomes anything that its visitor wants it to be" she exsplained"So if you really needed the toilet" Ron asked"Charming Ronald but yes from from Carrin said that's the general idea" Hermoine snapped looking slightly disgustedThey had only gone a few steps when they were Intruppted by Snape "Potter a word" Snape said glaring at him."Walking is not against any rules Harry hasn't done anything wrong" Carrin snarled angrilyHarry groaned when he noticed the look on Snapes face looked like he wanted to kill in a slow painful way. He grabbed Harry's arm and dragged him away from the crowds of Hogwarts students."Listen to me Potter you and your little friends are going to stay the hell away from my daughter. If not I will make you regret it. Please dont say your stupid enough to need examples of what will happen to you but if you do I will be more than happy to give you an example" he snarled furiously"Back the hell off I can be friends with whoever I want so dont go round makes threats to Harry like you did Klaus and Bonnie and anyone who wants to be my friend. Do you seriously think if you make everyone to scared to be my friend your finally get me back well guess what that chance ended when you killed my mother" she roared, hrr hands clutched tightly around her wandFor a few seconds father and daughter stood staring at each other. Finally Carrin break the agonising silence "Harry leave us I need to have a word with my dear father" Carrin snarled, loathing filled her dark eyes as she looked at her father"I didnt have a choice Carrin I didn't want to kill her but I had to protect you. Just let me tell you the truth" he pleaded with her"The truth my mum would never let anyone hurt me you killed her because your a scumbag death eater who couldn't bare the idea that I would be raised to be a good person"The hurt and rage in her voice made Snape's heart bleed "Carrin the death eaters would eventually find you and your family and kill them and you if I caused the death of your mother then you would be safe your mum agreed with me that if things came to it I should kill her to keep you safe. And that is the truth Carrin"A tear rolled down Carrin's face and she wiped it angrily away "Even if your story I'd true I can never forgive you" she said running off leaving Snape heartbroken.Carrin almost ran to the almost empty dirty pub. Ron, Harry and Hermoine all gave the white faced Carrin worried looks."Are you okay" Harry asked anxiouslyCarrin forced a smile "Yeah of course I'm okay" she told Harry forcing a smileThe rest of the meeting pasted in a blurr, Carrin tried to focus on the large crowd of people who had all came to be taught by Harry and Carrin. But all she could think of was the dark night when she was awoken by screaming, the shouts of curses, the sight of her beloved aunt lying deadly still on the floor, her huge dark eyes staring sightlessly at her. And the worst memory of all running through a dark wood clinging onto her mothers hand and then he appeared."Please not infront of Carrin" her mother had whispered before she was hit by a blast of green light and fell dead onto the floor.Carrin found herself in the room of requirements. Tears rolled down her face and all of a sudden she screamed flicking her wand sending objects flying. Within seconds the room was wrecked. Carrin felt her legs go from under her and fell to the floor sobbing."Carrin what's wrong" said the anxious voice of Harry PotterCarrin turned beweildred to face Harry Potter "How the hell did you get in" she demanded through her sobs"Well" Harry muttered looking rather embarrassed "Well I figured you were upset and I thought you might be in the room of requirements. I wanted to see if you were okay so I said I needed to find you. What's wrong what did Snape say to you" Harry asked her"This is my wreck it room" Carrin told him deliberately avoiding Harry questionHarry gave her a half hearted smile "You didnt answer the question"Carrin sighed she had never thought she would ever trust anyone. Trust was weekness as far as she was concerned but she couldn't help but trust Harry "Snape killed my mum to save me so its my fault that my mums dead" she sobbedHarry hugged her. "I would say it's not your fault but I know you won't believe me but my parents died for me so I guess we can both be responsible for having dead parents" he reassured herCarrin gave a half hearted smile "Shut up Potter" she whispered her hand on his chest "No more talking"

Harry rushed back to Gryffindor comman room. The speechless Harry was greeted by Ron asking him"Where you with her" Ron's voice was a mix of evny and curiosity"Um" Harry muttered reliving his blissful time with Carrin. Ron stared at him deeply worried that his best friend had turned into a iddiot.Hermoine smirked at him "Just so you know Harry we don't want details about what you and Carrin were up to"The following day all school clubs and teams had been banned by the high inquisitor. Harry just about managed a stuttered awkward conversion with Carrin where the two decied to ignore Umbridge's rules.Harry felt far to awkward to talk to Carrin over the next few days. He wasn't an iddiot he know perfectly well Carrin had probably slept with other guys and he was horribly worried that Carrin had found hom lacking. At every opportunity he would find an excuse to look at Carrin. The day of Harry and Carrin's first lessons of teachers went smoothly untill the dreaded lesson with Umbridge. Harry took every opportunity to stop reading the dull book to glance at Carrin."Potter stop looking at Miss Snape" Umbridge snarled causing Harry to go red with humiliationCarrin was already planning a way to disrupt the Ministry bitch lesson and the moment she humalited Harry she felt a surge of rage. She reached for wand and flicked it ever slightly. All of a sudden the heavey shelf directly above her head collapsed on her head. Mist of the class laughed, a few tried not to laugh as they were desperate to avoid Umbridge's anger. Umbridge jumped to her feet. Her toad like eyes were wide and she bristled with rage."Who did that" she snarled angrily, lookinh furiously around the amused faces of the Hogwarts studentBefore Umbridge could speak Carrin muttered "Obvilat" causing Umbridge to forgot about the fallen shelf, there was no way Carrin would let herself end up in another bloody detention tonight.The rest of the day raced by and soon it was 7 and time for the first meeting. Carrin arrived with Luna Lovegood a few minuets after Harry Ron and Hermoine. "Nice place" Carrin commentedLuna stared at Harry for a few seconds making him feel extremely uncomfortable. He hoped Carrin had not shared any details with Luna. His hopes were dashed when Luna said dreamily "I'm glad this room looks different to the one where you and Harry had sex"Ron cast a gleeful look at Harry. Harry howere wished the floor would open up benath him. He had never been more greatful when Angelina, Katy Bell and Alicia Spinnet walked in. Soon the room was full of all twenty three members of Carrin and Harry's defance against the dark arts group."So" Hermoine announced brightly "I think we should elect a leader" she told everyone with a bright smile.Ginny Weasly looked at Hermoine like she was a iddiot "Harry's the leader and Carrin" she told Hermoine in a tone you might use to a five year oldHermoine kept her bright cheery smile "Yes but I think we should vote to make it official" Hermoine replied "So" she added "Who thinks Harry and Carrin should be leaders"Much to Harry and Carrin's pleasure everyone raised there hands. "And now I think we should choose a name" Hermoine suggested"The anti Umbridge legue" Fred and Carrin both suggested at the same timeHermoine frowned "I think we should chose something less obvious""What about Dumbedors Army" suggested Ginny "Because that's what the stupid Ministry is afraid of"Ginny's words caused a few members to laugh and the rest to nod appreciatively "So anyone against that name" Hermoine asked everyone, when nobody spoke she said "Dumbledore's army then" she announced with a smile"So" Harry said nervously "I thought we would start with something simple like disarming"A hufflepuff boy who Carrin had taken great delight in jinxing in her third year snorted "Disarming that's hardly going to protect us from You Know Who""It saved my life back in June but if you think its beneath you, you can leave" snapped HarryMuch to his surprise nobody did. Harry wondered if it was because they were to scared of Carrin hexing them. "So" he said "Divide into pairs and practise"To start with the spell work was not good. A few managed to disarm there parteners successfully but mostly they would simply end up causing there partners hair to stand up on end. Harry and Carrin walked round the room making corrections and the spellwork gradually improved, by the end of the lesson almost everyone had mastered the spell.Once everyone left Harry muttered to Ron and Hermoine "Our catch you up in a minuet""So" said Carrin teasingly "You finally mustered up to courage to talk to me"Harry blushed "Yeah I'm sorry you probably think I'm pathetic"Carrin laughed "Pathetic yes but also very sweet" Carrin told him softly"Do you mabey want to go to the next Hogsmeade visit with me" Harry said mustering up all his courageCarrin smiled "What like a date""Yeah like a date""Always and forever Potter" Carin told him"Shit" Harry snapped suddenly realising the time "Were gonna be late back to Gryffindor Comman room"Come on" Carrin told him "Let's run

The following day was the day of Harry's first date. He spent longer than he ever had fussing over his hair hopelessly attempting to make his hair lie flat."Hurry up Harry" Ron told him impatiently "At this rate were going to miss the hogsmeade visit I dont care what Hermoine says were going to Honeydukes first""Oh well I sort of made plans to meet up with someone else" he told Ron anxiouslyA wide gloating smile spread across Ron's freckled face. "Are you going on a date with someone " he laughed sounding ridiculously like a 12 year old girl."Grow up Ron" Harry laughed dodging a pillow that Ron chucked at him"Look mate you look fine just come down for breakfast. And are you going out with Carrin" Ron reassured him with surprising sympathy."Yes" said Harry hoping Ron would not press for details. Luckily he didn't and the two walked down to breakfast together.Carron felt even more nervous than when she did in her third year with him. Carrin didn't t bother with breakfast. At the time of the Hogsmead visit she waited outside the breakfast hall for Harry with Luna. She tried not to think of her first date."Hello Harry" said Carrin when she spotted Harry"H Hi Carrin" Harry sturttered blushing red when he heard Ron's snort of laughter"Let's go are see you later Luna" said Carrin waving goodbye to her friend"So" Harry asked"How long have you and Luna been friends how did you end up friends" he asked curiously"Well at first it was just because everyone would either not talk to me or my father scared them off but Luna's cool she's smart shes funny and Luna is loyal I don't think I would have survived without Luna. I met her on my second year in the liabrey I hexed a girl who was picking on Luna"The two walked down to Hogsmead chatting. Harry was suprised at how easy it was to talk to Carrin. Carrin was suprised to. It felt natural to talk to Harry more than natual being with him felt right in a way Carrin had never felt before. It shocked her to realise she really did trust him"Were do you want to go" Harry asked Carrin"Butterbear and an areo bar" Carrin told him "Want to share the areo""Is that a serious question" Harry jokedThe two teens had barely taken another step when a stunningly beautiful girl with long glossy black hair appeared by Harry's side "Hi Harry""Hi Cho" said Harry not to unhappy to see her, he liked Cho. She was smart beautiful and a great quidditch player."What you up to" Cho asked Harry hopefully"I'm going to the three broomsticks with Carrin" Harry told herMuch to Carrins delight Cho's cheery smile faltered "Oh is it okay if I join" she asked shooting Carrin a look of complet and utter loathingCarrin couldn't belive it she had been so looking forward to spending time with Harry and now he had agreed to let Cho bloody Chang join. Clearly he did not feel the way she thought he felt about her.The three spend ten minuets in the three broomsticks. Cho and Harry immediately started talking about quidditch. Carrins hand curled into fisits. Her anger was bubbling furiously, she felt like a fool, had Harry simply wanted her to go Hogsmead with her to impress Cho."I'm leaving Potter" she snarled"Are you okay Carrin" Cho asked her voice dripping with fake sympathy."Carrin don't go" pleaded HarryCarrin glared furiously at him "No Potter" she said leaving Cho trying to hide a smile and Harry looked rather confusedBy the time Carrin arrived back at Hogwarts she realised tears were rolling down her face."Carrin please tell me what's wrong or if you won't do that would you allow me to give you a calming potion" said Snape catching sight of his crying daughterCarrin spun round to face her father "What about a curse or a potion that makes boils burst all over someone's face" she askedSnape smirked "That's my girl" he said softly "And may I ask who the potion is for" he added curiously"That dick Potter" she snarledSnape couldn't help but feel a sense of relief. That last person he wanted his daughter to be hanging out with was that swine Potter."It would be my greatest delight. It was also save me the trouble of cursing him"Carrin gave a reluctant laugh "Can I help you make it" she asked hopefullySnape nodded and the two smiled at each other

Wherever Harry was Cho seemed to be with him. It made Carrins heart bleed to see them together, they might not have been a couple but Cho was perfectly for Harry, Cho was smart beautiful celver and normal, things that Carrin just wasn't. She couldn't help but miss Harry and she hated herself for it. but it was more than just missing Harry. She missed Cho to. She wanted to forgot about her memoires of Cho the stolen passtionet minuets in the room of requirements, the feel of her black silky hair.Carrin was wondering who see should slip the potion. After a few days she decided on Harry. It caused her a few seconds of momentary pleasure to see pussy boils pop up on Harry's face. But her pleasure ended when she saw the betrayed hurt look on Harry's angry face.When the next da meeting happened it went well. Carrin was delighted to see the improvement of everyone in the da. It would have been a happy hour for Harry and Carrin if it wasn't for the fact the two couldn't even look at each other.Harry spent extra time with Cho during the DA meetings which made Carrin want to hex the both of them. Carrin thought in the next da meeting she would try and partner with Cho and stun her, or maybe she would stun Harty either one of them would do.At the end of the da meeting Carrin and Cho were the only two left in the room. Cho looked around the room carefully making sure she wouldn't look at her."Carrin" Cho said confidently"What do you want" Carrin snapped angrily"I want you to know that you should stay away from Harry whatever love potion you cast over him is over Harry's is into me not you just back off"Carrin laughed "Your not interested in Harry Cho" Carrin told her bluntly"What's that supposed to meen" Cho demanded her voice bristiling with anger."Your kidding yourself if you think you really like Harry just admit it Cho your gay" Carrin told her.Tears began to roll down Cho's face "Shut up, shut up, shut the hell up" she screamedCarrin felt a sudden unexpected small glimmer of pity for the crying girl "Look Cho I'm not interested in Potter" Carrin lied "But you shouldn't go after him that's not who you are" she told Cho sincerely."I dont know what your talking about and I do like Harry, your just jealous" she sobbed glaring furiously at CarrinOver the next few weeks Cho and Harry seemed to always be together. Annoyingly Carrin could see what Harry could see in Cho. Cho was smart a great quidditch player and annoying beautiful. But at the same time Carrin couldn't see what Harry liked about Cho she was shallow and a crybaby.Harry desperately missed Carrin. He liked being around Cho but she wasn't Carrin and if he was completely honest he was starting to get sick of Cho. She was nothing like Carrin, she didnt have Carrin's sharp wit or taste for muggle sweets."Hay Carrin can we talk" asked Harry conering her after a particularly painful defance against the dark arts lesson"What do you want Potter" she asked, her dark eyes filled with rage."Look I dont know what I did but can we at least talk" he demanded with a hint of anger in his voice."We were supposed to be together but instead you decied on spending time with my ex who by the way she's not really into guys" Carrin hissed"Shes a deecent enough person I felt mean saying no to her and what do you mean shes not into guys"Carrin tried not to laugh. He could be so fucking arrogant sometimes she thought to herself "In my third year Cho and me were together. She's not out so don't mention it. God why am I even telling you this"Harry gave her a half hearted smile "Look I'm sorry Carrin but I miss spending time with you I swere if you want me to I will speak to bloody Cho Chang again" he promisedCarrin rolled her eyes "Fine but your a bloody iddiot Potter " she sighedOver the next few months somehow things began to turn out right. Carrin and Luna had began to hang out with Harry, Ron and Hermoine. Carrin liked having someone her own age that she could chat to about spells and the history of magic, Carrin thought she would hate Hermoine but she was actually pretty good company even Ron was growing on her he could be quite funny.The DA meetings were also going very well, it made the torture of Umbridges dull lessons barebel. When they were supposed to be reading the boring textbook they would focus on the progress of the DA meetings even Neville had made huge amounts of progress. And the thing that made Carrin feel even better was the fact instead of spending Christmas at Snape's she would be spending it with Ron Harry and Hermoine.
