Thoughts .:Parseltongue:.Chapter OneThe glowing green light of the killing curse sped toward him.Even though Harry was scared, he felt reassured since this was his duty to defeat the dark lord. He was the last Horcrux and he had to give himself up. He wouldn't be able to live anyways with the thought of everyone dying for him.Colin, he was just a boy, and he wasn't even supposed to stay and fight. Fred, what is George going to do? There is no Gred and Forge without the twins, both.The Lupins, oh Teddy, he became an orphan just like me. Snape, the greasy git was actually good in the end. Their deaths weighed down on his chest physically as he walked toward Voldemort.He would do anything to get them back.The resurrection stone seemed to glow at this thought and the invisibility cloak fluttered.These last thoughts swirled around his head and…Pain.That was all he could describe about the feeling of every single cell in his body frying up. Time seemed to stop and Harry opened his eyes.He was lying in the Forbidden forest, but it was completely different. There were no death eaters, no taint of dark magic, or even the deranged cackling of Bellatrix Lestrange.The forest was completely silent aside from the birds chirping away in the slowing rising sun."Am I dead?" Harry said out loud. The last moment he remembered was the killing curse, but why does it seem so real? He could feel the grass and leaves beneath him and the growing soreness in his body."Not again." he groaned, frustrated. "Who can survive the killing curse three times? Why am I fate's bitch?" Wincing as he slowly stood up, he walked the familiar path in the forest, reminding him of the memories from his Hogwarts years. Limping, he made it to the clearing and saw Hogwarts standing tall and in its natural beauty.Then he blacked out from exhaustion.Harry felt the starchy white sheets that reminded him of Madam Pomfrey's hospital wing. He felt a bit more refreshed, but he was still confused about what happened in the forest earlier."Hopefully he'll wake up soon, it's been hours." a male voice said.He blinked his eyes open and saw the familiar sight of the hospital wing, but he was looking at his carbon copy. Panicking, he went to reach for his wand, but realized it wasn't there."Poppy, he's awake!" another guy yelled.Sirius? How does he look so young and alive?"Where are I?" Harry croaked out right when Madam Pomfrey said, "Sirius Black, what have I told you about my name. You are to call me Madam Promfrey like every other student." she reprimanded, but you could see the fondness in her smile when he lips quirked up when he paled."Oh, you are finally awake."Harry was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't register that Madam Pormfrey was speaking. He was still marveling over the fact that his dad, Sirius, and Remus were still alive, smiling and joking with no care in the world. The traitor, Peter Pettigrew, was there, but at the moment he was too stunned to care."Sir, can you hear me?" she pressed."Ma'am, can you tell me what year it is?" Harry asked. quickly paling. He was pretty sure he had just landed himself in the past. More specifically his parent's 7th year. Lady luck must be singing."It's 1777. You seemed kind of beat up when these gentlemen found you at the edge of the woods. Can you tell me who you are and how you got here?"Harry knew that messing with time was very dangerous and he didn't trust Dumbledore because he practically fucked up his life from the beginning.Dumbledore's chess game was something Harry would never forgive. He was the one to put him in the hellhole known as the Dursleys and disciplined his little martyr, to sacrifice himself for the "Greater Good '' all because he wanted to be the defeater of two dark lords. He blocked his magic because Harry had unprecedented amounts of accidental magic as a baby, and he purposely brought Hagrid to take him around Diagon alley for the first time so he would not learn of his inheritance. Harry had nothing against Hagrid, but he realized he was also brainwashed by Dumbles through his "I saved you, so you now owe me" trap and he couldn't make himself tell him that because it would ruin him. Harry's timely meeting of the Weasley family was planned by him, and every single "adventure" during his six years at Hogwarts was a test so Dumbledore could see how long he would last and train him to care more for others than himself. His perfectly crafted plans fell apart after he died because his spells and potions stopped coming at him, and his natural occlumency walls were restrengthened after Snape was ordered by Dumbldore to practically obliterate them.He followed his inner Slytherin and didn't dare to say anything because he already had everyone seeing him as Dumbledore's golden boy. Little did they know, Harry had been secretly studying everything that he found in the library and ventured into the Chamber of Secrets, places that Tom Riddle hadn't even been allowed to see. Harry quickly mastered Parselmagic and everything else Salazar's library could offer. Salazar Slytherin's portrait was quite helpfully and very disgusted by his heir. He even offered to make Harry his heir, which he took up immediately. With Slytherin's personal time turner, Harry became well rounded in every aspect of magic; charms, potions, DADA, and even outranking his father's talent at transfiguration. He learned ancient magic of the founders, long since forgotten. He could have outclassed everyone at Hogwarts only if he didn't have his natural tendency to hide everything from the world. The painful lessons of not doing better than Dudley stuck with him even when he realized they didn't care how he did at Hogwarts. Also, his friendships with Ron and Hermione didn't help because Ron was chronically lazy and Hermione wouldn't have been able to stand the fact that someone was smarter than her."I'm Ha- Harry. Harry Jameson. My home was attacked by Death Eaters and I only just got away. Everyone else is d-dead." he said, choking slightly, thinking of everyone who had died at the Battle of Hogwarts, as he came up with a cover on the spot."Ah, my boy, you're awake." an elderly voice called out.Realizing that he had not noticed Dumbledore standing there, Harry had to fight the urge not to sock him right then and there."Let me talk to him privately for a moment. Then you can care for your patient Poppy. Now gentlemen, I believe you have the welcoming feast to attend." Albus Dumbledore said and the Marauders left, their minds set on food."My boy, how would you like to attend hogwarts. you seem like you could fit in with the seventh years." he said as Harry grabbed his sheets, knuckles turning white, out of anger.He was here for a couple of hours and Dumbledore already wanted to keep him on a tight leash. If he was going to play this game, Harry would throw the board right back at him."Oh sir, you don't have too, are you sure I can? Harry said in a fake thankful and submissive tone.Dumbledore's eyes twinkled in triumph and tried to read his mind as Harry expected, but he let him in and produced fake feelings of appreciation for the old coot while he was fuming on the inside."Well, you are lucky today is the welcoming feast at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry so we can get you sorted with the first years and I will allow the house elves to provide you with necessary items.Allow my ass, Harry though as he remembered Salazar's chamber had closets full of clothes of any style needed, similar to the Room of Requirement, and more books than double the Hogwart's library. He had no need for any of Dumbledore's "help"."Thank you sir. " Harry replied charmingly as Dumbledore couldn't hide his feelings of success of ensnaring another young soul in his debt. Harry knew he would never give anything back to him. Dumbledore's eyes flashed briefly as he couldn't hide the brief panic from Harry as he was probably thinking of a similar student, Tom Riddle.They slowly walked toward the Great Hall and Harry did not hide his awe at the beauty of Hogwarts. On the outside, it seemed like he was admiring the castle's magic and moving paintings, but he was really taking in the fact that there were no dead bodies or splashes of blood from unknown bodies. The pristine halls and the setting sun in the distance made Hogwarts even more magical."Winger, Micheal" the familiar voice of Professor McGonagal called out as the last of the first years was called out."Minerva dear, we have a transfer student who will be joining the seventh years and needs to be sorted. This is Harry Jameson."Ignoring the chattering around him because he was so used to it, perks being the "Boy-Who-Lived", he confidently strided up to the sorting hat."Isn't this a… surprise, Mr. Jameson, or should I say Potter? " If the sorting hat could smirk, it would have a shit eating grin on its face."Do you have a name, sorting hat?" Harry asked politely. "I do. The founders called me Alistar. You are the first to ask." Harry's eyes widened for a fraction of a second from this fact."Well, if you would let down your mind shields, this will be much less painful. And I promise not to let anything I learn here reach the Headmaster's ears." Harry let down his occlumency walls, but he decided he would have an easy year being an unknown so Gryffindor and Slytherin were out, Ravenclaw would be okay, but he didn't want to be grouped into the mindless people who only studied, so that left the badgers nest. He purposely hid his other personalities so the hat wouldn't be able to see them."You are truly loyal and you believe in what is right. You will do well in... HUFFLEPUFF! Harry hid his smirk, but before he took the hat off, he heard it say, "Mr. Potter, you cannot trick me that easily, but I'll let you off this time. You are given this chance in the past, do not waste it.There was a light applause as McGonagal took the hat off. Harry bowed slightly and whispered, "Thank you, Alistar."Little did he know how interesting his year would be.Reviews!

dreams, spells, internal thoughts.:parseltongue:.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxChapter twoWalking toward the Hufflepuff table, Harry could clearly see how advantageous his position was. The snakes and lions had already forgotten him because they believed Hufflepuffs were losers. He could barely stand the carefree nature of all the students since he knew how terrible the future would be."Welcome to Hufflepuff, I'm Amos Diggory and I'm a 7th year student like you."Harry stuttered out a greeting, memories of Cedric's death flooding him with the familiar looking face. How would he be able to stand a whole year with people he could walk up to and say "I watched your children die". He picked at his dinner and followed his house toward the common room. He barely listened to the prefects talk and the second they were allowed to leave, he was asleep before his head hit the pillows.His sleep was far from restful.Sirius was slowly sucked into the veil and Harry could see the pained look on his face. The whispers around him grew louder and louder, and Sirius's voice rang out. "I can't believe you are my godson. You let me die and the entire war is your fault. You're the reason James and Lily are dead. The dream shifted. "How could you let us die," Remus yelled out in anger, his wife standing beside him with a disappointed look. "Thanks to you, Teddy is an orphan and he doesn't have his godfather to raise him. You can't even fulfil your duties. Shame on you." The dream faded away and another took its place. "Potter," the voice of his potions professor spat, "You are a waste of space. You couldn't even kill the Dark Lord. You wasted your mother's sacrifice, she died for nothing. Your mother died for you and this is how you repay her?" His father's face came through, "I can't even call you my son." Harry was breaking down, pleading with them that he tried his hardest, but deep down he knew that he still let other people die. Voldemort's evil laughter struck his dreams and he couldn't help but shiver at his cold voice. "Harry Potter, you failed. You think you are strong? I will relish the sounds of your screams." He cast the cruciatus curse and the pain burned through his body. His screams were ripped out of his lungs as the agony of the cruciatus tore through his body."WAKE UP, WAKE UP!" a shaky voice shouted over his dream. Harry's eyes snapped open and shivered at the cold sweat across his skin. He realized he forgot to put the silencing charm over his bed because of how worn out he was yesterday."Thanks," Harry said, his voice course from screaming."You looked like you were under the cruciatus, do you need us to get Madam Pomfrey?" a voice called out from behind him.Damn I woke the entire house. "No, don't worry about it.""Alright, but if you need anything, I'm Mark Abbot and that's Evan Bones. He told everyone to go back to sleep cause you probably don't want people crawling all over you.""Thank you both." The two shuffled out and the room was blanketed in silence.Even after the two boys went back to sleep, Harry stayed awake, thinking about what the sorting hat said. Did he mean that I can change things? When he, Ron, and Hermione were on the run finding Horcruxes, they found out the Dark Lord succeeded in killing 70% of the magical population in Britain from Fred and George's Potterwatch. Fifty some children and teachers died at the battle of Hogwarts."Don't waste this chance…"Sunrise came too early and Harry could see the dark eyebays circling his eyes. He quickly snuck down into the Chamber of Secrets to get some clothes from Salazar's closet, but he realized not only did he have no idea what kind of clothes they wore in the 70s, the basilisk was still alive."Oh, hic, boys aren't allowed in the girl's bathroom. Especially at this hour." Myrtle's voice called out from her toilet."Myrtle dear, how are you? Harry asked, trying to get her on his side.Myrtle cheeks became more transparent as she blushed. "Oh, aren't you a gentleman. No one ever asks me how I am.""You won't tell anyone I was here, will you, darling?" Harry replied smoothly.If her cheeks could blush any more, they would have become invisible."Of course not, hic, just come back and see me will you?' she asked."Of course I can come back and see you dear. Thank you for not saying anything." and he gave her a cheeky wink.Harry hissed and the sinks slowly moved that showed the entrance to the Chamber. He slid down the chute and cleaned the slime off his robe. He realized he should have bought a rooster down with him just in case the basilisk was as deranged as last time..:Speak to me, Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts four:. The ominous rumble of the mouth to the Basilisk's nest slowly opened up and it slithered out of its slumber..:Who beside my Master dare speak to me?:..:I do:..:You speak my noble tongue?:..:Yes, what is your purpose?:..:I protect the school from non-magicals. Salazar put me here to protect the students:..:What about that girl who guards the chamber's entrance? She was killed by your gaze:.The snake gave off a strangled noise which almost sounded like a sob..:That was not on my free will, I was forced to do it under another speaker thirty some years ago:. it choked out..:More reason to kill him:. Harry muttered, not realizing he was still speaking in Parseltongue..:Yes, he places me under his mind control and I wept for my Salazar afterwards. The boy called me weak, but he was not right in the mind:. The basilisk said softly..:I am sorry for what you had to go through. Do you have a name?:..:Salazar named me Beleza:..:A perfect name, beauty, for you. I'm Harry:..:Nice to meet you, Harry:..:I have to get some clothes now, I will see you soon:..:I will see you later, I am craving for the acromantulas I smell in the forest:.Harry chuckled softly as Beleza left and turned to enter Salazar's personal chambers. The familiar room was the only similarity between his time and the past, even the layering of dust was the same. He quickly got the clothes from the closet and when turned to the mirror as he put on the clothes, he realized why everyone said he looked like his father. Beside the bone-tired look in his eyes and the numerous cuts and slashes all over his body, they were the same from the way their mouth would sit and the size of their hands."This is going to be a problem. Everyone is going to be bewildered with two James Potters running around." Harry laughed without humor at his own joke.I must have looked really beat up yesterday for the Marauders and Dumbledore to not recognize the similarities between me and dad. Wait, I can't even call him dad, he's James Potter, a seventeen year old.Harry lengthened his hair, it turned out less messy this way, and used a parsel-keyed glamours that wouldn't even get past Mad-Eye Moody's magical eye. He decided to be a bit vindictive because of how much harboured hate he had against Dumbledore to make himself seem very similar to Tom Riddle other than his eyes. When Tom said that they are similar, he wasn't only talking about their upbringings. They both had dark hair and and a similar face shape. His skin paled and his cheek bones became more pronounced. He grew a couple of inches in height and he covered up scrawny body so his he didn't seem as emancipated. Camping for a little more than 9 months on leaves from the ground and whatever Hermione could concoct, with the rare chances they could snatch food off some open market stall, he looked pretty bad. It was nothing compared to his childhood at the Dursleys, but at least the Hogwarts elves could make his stomach a little more filled.Leaving once he finished his glamours, he slipped out of the Chamber and to breakfast. He was still pretty early so he pulled out one of the books he grabbed from the Chamber's library which he charmed to make it look like a charms textbook and slowly ate his toast.He was so lost in the book that he didn't notice two people sitting in front of him."Earth to Harry" Mark yelled, amused. "You seem really out of it. And you seem different today.""Oh hey guys, sorry about that, i'm just tired." He forgot that he was a hufflepuffs and that they care about everyone. He had to act more like one or else everyone would be questioning why he was with the badgers. Okay, nice and bubble, nice and bubbly, he chanted internally.He was saved from saying anymore about his changes because Professor Sprout came to hand out their schedules."What are you taking?" Evan asked."Transfiguration, charms, potions, DADA, healing, and dueling." He had found out they actually had more classes than what they had during his years at Hogwarts. He was pretty sure the war had something to do with it because of the decline of students and teachers, but he wouldn't put aside Dumbledore having a part in the decline in Hogwarts education."You're taking six NEWTs classes? They asked at the same time. It was eerily similar to Fred and George which brought a lump to his throat."Yeah, I might as well give it a try." He had gotten hurt so much it would only benefit him to learn some healing and he had read that parseltongues had an affinity with healing. Duelling also seemed like fun and he could say he already had experience (not traditional of course, who can "bow to death"), and if it was anything like Defense Against the Dark Arts, he would probably ace it."Well, let's get moving, shall we?"They had potions first and the room actually had sunlight in it unlike Snape's musty room. What he really wasn't prepared for was the beautiful face of his mother, fiery red hair and her soft emerald green eyes sparkling with laughter at something Sirius had said. His father was sitting right next to her with a lovesick face and it made his heart clench. Their lighthearted bantering and laughter was music to his ears because he had never heard them so happy before.He quickly snapped out of it and went to a seat in the back of the room."Class, settle down now." Slughorn's voice called out over the chatter. He visibly faltered and paled when he saw Harry's face and he smirked inwardly at his gullibility. At least now I don't have to worry about an invitation to his slug club.""A-a-all right, as a review, I want everyone to get started on the Draught of Living Death. Don't forget this is your NEWTS year. I can promise all of you that Professor McGonogal will dress all of you down for her class, so I will save you another 20 minutes of talking. Right, get started!"While he looked cheerful, he could see the fear lurking behind his eyes. Harry wasn't that mean, but he wanted to get him back for how many times he tried to force him to go to his parties because he wanted the boy who lived in his collection.He went through the motions in class, enjoying the calmness in the classroom that was never there when he took potions. He also found his gaze going back to his parents. He absorbed every feature and the sounds of their voices. He promised himself he would save them.Afterwards, he went with Abbott and Bones to Defense. They were the only Hufflepuffs that were taking DADA newts. He walked in the put in the class full of Slytherins and Gryffindors which wasn't surprising because Dumbledore always seemed to believe his method of putting the two of the most most hostile groups of people together would make them like one another."Silence! I am Professor Thornen and I will be teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts this year." he drawled.He was a retired auror who had worked in the Auror Corps for many years and he left because he was hit with a paralyzing curse to the leg which has no counter curse. He was knowledgeable in spells and defense, but not that good with students. He tended to take to extreme approach to everything and he acted like a watered down version of Moody."This year for newts, we will be dueling. Professor Flitwick has agreed to supervise our in school tournament." This got all the students sitting up higher. "It will be against the fifth, sixth, and seventh years and the winner will not have to take their end of course exams and 50 points to their house, as they will just focus on their NEWTS. As I doubt any of you have ever faced the end of a wand, so I can expect all of you to not be up to the standards." He eyed everyone of them, and then faced the Slytherins."Now, I know every single one of you knows the rising Dark Lord, who goes by his self styled name, Voldemort." There was a collected intake of breath and more than one Gryffindor screamed at the name. He rolled his eyes and continued. "I don't want to see lethal magic in this classroom unless it is allowed. I do not want to hear the words mudblood, blood traitor, or pure blood either. I don't care if you are part of the Sacred 28 or if your parents are muggles. My job is to teach you and if you make my job harder than it has to, I will gladly kick all of your asses out of my classroom." he finished, given all of them a stern look. The Slytherins looked like they could care less.Harry's respect for the man skyrocketed as he had a good feeling about this year's defence class. He hoped that he could finally break his streak of deadly defence teachers who were either useless or they were out to kill him.When he had them get up and pair off to practice spell accuracy, Abbott and Bones paired off which left Harry standing awkwardly in the middle of the class."Oh, is the little badger by himself" a voice taunted him to the leftHarry turned and was faced with the young Bellatrix Black. Harry's hatred for her flared for a moment before he calmed himself."And you are…?" he softly, having to consciously control his voice to not show how much he wanted to rip her head off.She gave off a cackling laugh and the room immediately quieted down. He saw Sirius giving him a concerned look and the slytherin's were already starting bets whether or not she would beat him or not."The little 'puff wants to know my name" she giggled in her baby voice which grated on his nerves.Professor Thornen's voice broke out of the increasing ominous silence. "Begin, stop wasting your time." he yelled out.Bellatrix immediately sent off her first curse which definitely wasn't light or gray. Harry had to dodge it quickly because her aim was pretty good. I bet Voldemort taught her how to aim like that. Even though her spells were off, they were still close enough for him to feel the dark magic dripping off of her spells. He could sense her magic becoming more and more deranged.Harry could do Dark and Light so he was known as Grey. The library in the Chamber of Secrets was full of forgotten spells and after Sirius died, he got full access tot he black library which also contained the darkest books. Unlike Dumbledore who was light oriented or Voldemort who was as dark as they get, harry mastered both. Greys were very rare because people who dabbled in dark magic often drowned in it.He sent back his own spells that were visibly light light to not draw attention. Bellatrix started her taunting again when she saw that he wasn't going to hit her back with similar dark spells like her."Aw, the newbie doesn't know how to play. You itty bitty baby- you will never win, you mudblood ." she hissed at the end.Harry continued to dodge and send back meaningless prank jinxes, some already turning her hair pink, not that she noticed."What about your parents, I bet they are better off dead with a disappointment like you." she jeered.Harry saw red."How dare you" he said, deadly calm in a whisper. "My parents are dead, you insane bitch."He fired off a parsel stunner against his better judgment, but he was too mad to care.Bellatrix was so shocked at his change of demeanor that she didn't have a chance to duck the glowing green spell.Parseltongue spells usually came out neon green, similar to the killing curse because they were more powered with emotions. With this realization, he saw every single head turned toward him.The professor immediately got up, about to rip him to shreds, but Harry got there first."It's just a stunner which I changed to the color green for a surprise." he lied. He casted a quick muffliato around him and woke her up with the parsel counter.The students visibly relaxed , as they thought he had actually killed her, but they probably wouldn't have been mad about it. Many were surprised that a Hufflepuff was able to beat a slytherin.Bellatrix gave him a deep scowl which promised revenge, but was glad that no one heard him speak Parseltongue. He didn't need a repeat of second year with people hailing him as "the Heir of Slytherin."He quickly left the class, keeping a close eye on the marauders, talking animatedly at his success, and the slytherins, already planning their revengec- sorry for any spelling mistakes and thanks for the reviews!

dang chapter 3 alreadytscchope: i actually went back and fixed some things up, i wasn't sure if i wanted him to have some standing in the wizarding world or become a "muggle born". I went off of how i saw Hermione in HBP because she got mad over the book probably not only because it was a random book with writing in it, but also become he was starting to better than her. thanks!Sonia25: i agree, you make total sense. i went back and changed some things up. thanks!thoughts, spells, dreams.:parseltongue:.Chapter 3No matter how hard Harry tried, trouble always seemed to trail him everywhere.In the following weeks from defeating Bellatrix in DADA, the entire school believed him to be evil because he was capable of defeating Slytherin's most capable fighter. Not only were the Slytherins shooting spells at him in the middle of the hall at any chance they got, but the entire Hufflepuff house was keeping him at an arm's length at all times. However, Harry rose to the top of all his classes making him a favorite amongst the teachers. Professor McGonagall seemed to like him just as much as James Potter.He wasn't that effected by the rumors because of how used to it he was, but had Harry spending a lot of time in the Chamber of Secrets talking with the basilisk..:Hi Beleza:. harry greeted the ancient snake as he entered..:Hello Harry, you're down here again. Don't you have classes?:..:No, I've finished them for today. I'm currently hiding:. Harry said with a small smile..:This has happened before hasn't it? In your own time perhaps?:. Harry stared at the snake in shock..:How di-:..:I am the queen of snakes:. she said cutting him off. .:We have some of the oldest types of magic. I can sense the time magic on you. Don't worry little snake, I won't tell anyone because no one else can understand me:. Beleza said with his new nickname, laughing at her own joke with hisses.Harry immediately relaxed..:Imagine if they found out I could speak your noble tongue. I would be the "Heir" again. But this time, it would be ironic because I would actually be the heir because Salazar Slytherin because he made me heir instead of Tom Riddle in my time:..:You are nicer than him and I prefer you being heir rather than him:..:Thank you Beleza:. Harry replied, liking this snake better than the one from his time.Harry spent the hours before dinner in Salazar's dueling chamber, spending his magic by obliterating the dummies. When the blocks on his magic were removed, he had so much excess magic to the point that if he didn't use it, it would leak out of him when his emotions were high. Wandless magic came easily to him which was rare for other witches and wizards. Often when he got mad, his magic swirled around him, his eyes blazing. It only happened once in a while because he consciously kept his magic in check. Harry felt out of shape and was dripping in sweat when he finished. He showered and then read until dinner in the company of Beleza.At dinner that night, Harry watched the Slytherins get pranked with itching powder. If looks could kill, the whole Gryffindor house would be dead eight times over. He knew the Marauders didn't know how to differentiate between funny pranks and bullying, but it wasn't like Dumbledore, or really any of the teachers, did anything about the cruel tricks they played. At times, it seemed like he even encouraged it because he would give an amused look on his face. The dislike of them caused many Slytherins to join the Dark Lord. Severus Snape was a good example of this.So much is wrong with this generation. Even when I was at school, there wasn't this much animosity between the snakes and the lions. Harry mused.His father's voice called him out of his thoughts."Hey Padfoot, should we give Snivellus here a wedgie to go with his pretty little outfit?""Prongs, you're a genius." his godfather's joked along.He stepped out of the shadows as he watched the two of them begin to cast spells. He may extremely dislike Snape, but he couldn't watch someone get bullied as he had been in primary school.Harry summoned their wands before any spells could come out and immobilized and disillusioned Snape when their attention was on him. The two boys immediately blanched when they saw him because they remembered him turning his fury on Bellatrix."H-h-hey, give us our w-wands back," James said feebly. All Sirius could do was nod along with him."I don't know about that. Do you really deserve them?" Harry asked casually, inspecting their wands. "This is a tool that we wizards feel so entitled to use. Magic gives us the ability to clean up our lives. I can conjure myself a cup and fill it with tea and vanish a disaster in a blink of an eye." Harry told them smoothly."Isn't the wand such a beautiful... weapon." he whispered that past word. The two boys were trembling as he kept talking. "It can be used to shatter all of your bones. It can banish you out a window and make it look like a suicide. I can transfigure you into a mouse and feed it to a snake." Harry paused as he watched the blood drain from their faces."B-but you, you're dark! You're just like You-Know-Who!" James yelled back in an unsteady voice."Am I really?" Harry queried. "I think the real question is if I'm Dark, not dark.""Dark and dark, Light and light. Two completely different forms of magic, yet similar." He paused to let them think about what he had said. He knew that if Snape heard this, he might not go to Voldemort and sell his soul to two control freaks. He was a horrid teacher with an even worse attitude toward him, but he did save his life many times. "There's no such thing as evil magic or good magic. Magic is about intent. Cast a Wingardium Leviosa on someone, drop them from 100 feet up in the air, and watch if they die or not from hitting the ground. Pick any Light spell and it can turn lethal. Light magic is basic magic. The killing curse was originally used to save patients from their agony because it gives them a merciful death compared to living in constant misery. The Cruciatus Curse was used to wake up paralyzed patients and revive their limbs. The Imperius Curse was used to prevent suicidal people from killing themselves. Tell me that all Dark spells are evil. ""Dark magic is fueled by emotions: anger, sorrow, joy, fear, you name it. They are much stronger than Light spells and much harder cast. the magic called dark is used for torture and pain, which is why people are so afraid of dark magic. Though, people can drown in both of them, which is why they are not used by everyone. Magic is Magic, there is not one way she performs. There are no precedents to what one is capable of.""All because of one megalomaniac, power-hungry fool decided to use Dark magic to torture for fun, your goat-fucker of a headmaster banned an entire field of magic, and the rest of you follow him like sheep." Harry snarled out when he saw them about to contradict him but decided against it. "I am not Dark or Light, I am Grey. I have no impossible.""Now, how about I give you orange robes" Harry flicked his wand and both of their robes turned puke orange "And what about some of Dumblefucker's hair" their hair increased in length and turned pearly white. "Do you want a wedgie with that too? Harry asked menacingly as he threw their own question back in their faces. "I hate bullies. They feel like they are better than everyone else when they have even worse problems than the rest of us. You, Potter, may be privileged to the high heavens, live in a manor, and have parents who love you, but not everyone can be as special as you." Potter looked shocked when he described his home life. "Black, I don't care if you hate your family or not, I don't care if they beat you and cruciate you, you don't bully other people. Do you understand me?" He finished and if Black could become paler, he would have fainted.The silence could have been cut by a knife.What Harry didn't realize was that magic was swirling around in his hair and his A-K green eyes were glowing the color of death. Shaking, they both stuttered out a no and fled before Harry could give them their wands back.Severus lay on the ground trying to figure out the new Hufflepuff. He acted soft on the outside, always helping little first and second years with homework in the library and bringing the homesick ones to the kitchens for hot chocolate, but right now, not only had he never experienced something so chilling, Severus had never felt such enticing magic. It swirled around him like a storm and the magic responded to his fury.Harry removed the disillusionment on Snape and let him move again, but he just lay on the floor, shaking not from fear, but his magic."You idiot, it's almost like you're asking to be hexed." Jameson chastised. "Next time, just shut up. They want you to talk back to them. You already know it's gonna be at least two against one. Give them their wands back, I don't care how you do it." He threw down the two wands and walked away.Snape laid there for at least a half an hour, soaking in his deadly magic. When his senses came back to him, he slowly staggered back to the Slytherin common room."Why are you shaking, Snape? Did somebody ruin your stupid potions play set?" one of the Lestrange brothers jeered once he entered.Snape could only silently shake his head, his body still shaking from adrenaline from the magic he felt from Jameson."Well, spit it out," a girl in the back of the room said.Snape slowly looked up."Don't mess with Jameson.""Huh, what can that little fool do?" another girl growled out. It was Bellatrix. Evidently, she didn't learn her lesson from the first time they crossed wands. Either that or she was plain stupid.Snape stared her down and slowly started laughing. He chuckled without the humor behind it and it almost sounded haunted."Bellatrix" Snape started slowly. "His magic is terrifying. It is the most dangerous yet captivating thing I have ever felt. You have no idea what he is capable of." Shaking his head, he continued. "He took both Potter and Black's wands with a wave of a hand. He disillusioned and immobilized me with no wand without breaking a sweat. His magic swirls around his body like a whirlpool." The Slytherins listened, enraptured by his description of the new student."And he's Grey."Their heads turned so fast toward him they could have snapped."There's no way." one of the prefects called out from the yelling that erupted in the common room.In the Slytherin house, wizards and witches who were Grey were considered royalty. They were notorious for the sheer power and skill they had. Always, if there was a Grey in Slytherin, they were at the top of the house and other Slytherins followed behind him or her because no one dared to challenge them. There hadn't been a Grey magician in Slytherin house since Merlin."If this is true, he could absolutely obliterate you Bellatrix." Snape said. She scowled, but he could see the fear in her eyes with that realization.The entire house would feel the change in magic because he was now the leader of the snakes. With the rules of Slytherin politics, they couldn't report to anyone even if they wanted to. They all had a new perspective on him.Harry had no idea that he had obtained the backing of almost the entire house of Slytherin because was busy destroying more dummies in Salazar's chamber in anger because he slipped up. He let out more than he should have which could have cost him much more than his autonomy.i write whenever i have free time (not a lot) and at school when i decide not to listen so it might be choppy with some bad grammer and spelling sprinkled in.thanks for the reviews to the ones who did! -c
