Fawkes was flying, up, up in the air, looking for his favorite recreational spot. After a few minutes or so Fawkes spotted the familiar clearing. He swooped down to see his favorite trees standing alone in the middle of the opening. One of the trees was a tall yew tree, its branches few, skeletal and thin. The other tree was a messy holly, its branches, unlike the yew, everywhere. The two trees were unpleasantly twisted at the trunk, as though they were trying to strangle one another. The yew seemed older, as though planted there first. The holly seemed too young to stand a chance against the competing yew, but, to everyone's surprise, it was thriving. Fawkes sat down on a branch and enjoyed the silence. Unlike any other bird, Fawkes could relax without any fear, it wasn't like he could ever die. He ruffled his feathers, two of which fell to the ground, and started to drift off. The last thing he saw was a mid-age wizard with withering white hair picking up his fallen feathers.

September 1992Fawkes was sitting on the wooden perch in Dumbledore's office when Harry Potter was escorted in. Harry had looked around the office curiously, examining the contents of the study. Truth be told, Fawkes had always been quite interested in Harry Potter, what with Dumbledore pacing about something or another concerning the boy. So, instead of taking a nap before his burning, Fawkes stayed wide awake, examining the boy with the lightning scar. Soon, Harry, in his act of examination, had reached Dumbledore's desk. The boy had been respectful in terms of actually touching items, so Fawkes was surprised when he picked up the shabby, patched, and honestly a little moldy hat up off the shelf behind the claw-footed desk. Much to Fawkes's dismay (He couldn't believe anyone would put a moldy hat on their head) Harry placed the shabby looking hat on his head and began muttering to it. Fawkes, being partially deaf in his old state could only pick up a single sentence."You're wrong," Harry told the hat, placing it back on the shelf. Fawkes couldn't help himself as he gagged at the hat. He might have done so a little too loudly though, as the boy quickly turned to face him. Fawkes sniggered at the amazed look on his face, though it may have come out sounding like another gag. Soon, the amazed expression on the boy's face faded and was replaced with something that looked suspiciously like disgust. Fawkes was honestly quite offended. So, Fawkes made up his mind and burst into flame. The first thing he saw when he was reborn was the stupefied expression on the boy's face. Served him right.

June 1982'Help shall be given at Hogwarts, to those who ask for it'That was Dumbledore's last order to Fawkes before he had left. At first, it had seemed simple enough, anyone who asked for help would alert a simple spell in the study. If deemed necessary, Fawkes was allowed to take one thing to help the student in need. The stupidity of this had not fully hit the phoenix, however, until a minute after Dumbledore had left. In a matter of minutes, the first alarm rang in. Fawkes gazed importantly into the ringing glass ball, ready to risk his life for a student in need. Instead of a life or death situation, however, Fawkes saw a third-year girl with gum stuck in her hair."Oh for the love of Dumbledore" The girl wailed "Help me get this gum out of my hair" She kept pulling frantically before realizing that she was a witch and could simply cast a spell. Her cheeks tinted pink at this realization. 'Scourgify' The girl pointed her wand at her black hair, her expression hopeful. The gum popped out of her hair and fell on the floor. The ball became foggy once more.Fawkes flapped back on his perch. That had been simple. The girl hadn't needed his help at all! Fawkes ruffled his feathers and got ready for a nap, after all, it wasn't like another alarm would ring in so soon, he had time for a quick nap. He closed his yellow-gold eyes and drifted off, only to be awakened, two seconds later, by the same ringing sound.'This better be important' Fawkes thought as he flew grumpily from his perch back to the table. He looked back into the ball, only to see a pair of redheaded twins looking horrified, it was obvious from their expressions that something bad was going to happen, what, Fawkes did not know. He didn't have to wait long to find out, however, as seconds later Mcgonagle walked straight into a trap, Fawkes could only assume, was for Filch. As the transfiguration professor rounded the corner a huge vat of swamp mud fell on her head. Fawkes hastily covered his head with his wings to block out the livid scream that omitted from the ball. It only half workedA few hours later Fawkes lay at the table, not bothering to fly back to his perch every few minutes. As a phoenix, and a Ravenclaw (He had tried on the hat once when Dumbledore had first invited him in), He prided himself immensely on his ability to abide by the rules. Yes, he was tired, grumpy, and bored but Dumbledore had told him to keep a close watch on the ball and Fawkes was sure it would pay off, somehow. The Ball rang again and Fawkes tried his best not to groan. He lifted his beak and gazed in the ball. But this time, to the tired phoenix's surprise, someone was in mortal danger! The red-plumaged bird looked at the ball. 'Was that a Basilisk?" Fawkes squawked at the ball, ordering it to give the location of the current student on display. First floor- girls' bathroom. Fawkes squealed in surprise. A basilisk, in the girls' bathroom? The phoenix quickly grabbed the moldy sorting hat (Dumbledore's orders on what to grab if there was a chance of mortal peril) and disapparated in a burst of flame.In a matter of milliseconds, he appeared in the chamber of secrets. (Which he had not expected to be in) He looked down and saw three students, and started to sing. One, with untidy black hair and glasses, was easily identifiable as Harry Potter. The other two, however, were unfamiliar to Fawkes. Fawkes swooped down to Harry's feet, dropped the sorting hat, and stopped his song. It was strange, there was no basilisk in sight. Nevertheless, Fawkes stared at the older boy in Slytherin robes and felt himself get jittery in fearful anticipation."That's a phoenix," said the Slytherin boy, staring shrewdly back at Fawkes"Fawkes?" Harry asked astonishingly."And that-" Continued the older boy, pointing at the hat in Harry's lap."Is the sorting hat" he finished. Then he began to laugh.Fawkes was offended."That's what Dumbledore sends his defender?" The boy choked out in between fits of laughter "A songbird and a tattered old hat?"Fawkes was more offended than he ever had been in his life.The Slytherin suddenly stopped laughing, his voice icy."Do you feel brave Harry Potter? Do you feel safe now?"Fawkes tuned out the rest of their conversation, for a life-or-death situation, this was getting quite boring.The Phoenix turned around, examining its surroundings. The chamber was quite plain, in Fawkes's opinion. The only special thing about it was the head of Salazar Slytherin on the high pillars. The phoenix heard a hiss and then saw it. It was fifty feet long with bright green scales, weaving down the pillars, Fawkes recognized the deadly snake at once and avoided its eyes. The older boy let out another hiss and the snake started to move towards harry. Fawkes dived, poking the basilisk's eyes. Fawkes felt himself be reborn multiple times as he attempted to blind the deadly snake. Successful, Fawkes started to sing an eerie song, poking at his new target, the nose. The snake shook around, trying to get the bird off, but Fawkes was persistent. The Slytherin hissed and the basilisk finally managed to change targets, slithering towards the boy. Fawkes had failed, The basilisk still had its sense of smell.Fawkes was torn, should he help the boy or fight the basilisk? The phoenix looked at the boy, who now, had a ruby-encrusted sword. The bird made up its mind heading for the basilisk once more. The Basilisk would not let Fawes get close to his face as he slithered towards Harry. The snakes tail shot side by side, threatening to rip up anyone who dared interfere with its path.Fawkes couldn't do anything but watch as the basilisk lunged at Harry, piercing his arm with one long tooth.Harry pulled out the fang and stuck it in the roof of the basilisk's mouth, successfully killing it. In a matter of seconds, the Gryffindor had turned much paler, his skin tinted green. It was obvious to any observer that he was going to die. The Pheonix swooped over, trying to keep a cool head."You were brilliant Fawkes" muttered the nearly dead boy.Fawkes saw the wound and lay his head on it, crying his healing tears. Perhaps the boy could be saved."You're dead Harry Potter" The Slytherin burst out triumphantly "Dead. Even Dumbledore's bird knows it, Do you see what he's doing Potter? He's crying."Fawkes couldn't believe how dim he was."I'm going to watch you die, Harry Potter, take your time. I'm in no hurry"Fawkes let out a sigh at the boy's lack of brains."So ends the famous Harry Potter" The boy cackled maliciously "Alone in the chamber of secrets, forsaken by his friends, defeated by the dark lord he so unwisely challenged. You'll be back with your dear Mudblood mother soon, harry….She bought you twelve years of borrowed time, but Lord Voldemort got you in the end, as you knew he must.But instead of dying, the Pheonix could see him gaining color, the green tinge long gone. He watched gleefully as the evil-doer put the pieces together."Get away bird!" he screamed, lunging for the bird. Fawkes bit his finger and circles back to harry. The older boy drew his wand, shooting spells at the Pheonix "I said, get away!"Fawkes flew back to the place that Harry had stood when he first came into the chamber, he knew what harry needed to defeat the twisted boy. The red plumaged bird swooped down and grabbed the diary. Soaring back, he dropped the diary into the black-haired boy's lap. He pierced the pages with the fang and watched as the boy, the diary, screamed in horror. As the last remnants died, the red-haired girl gained consciousness.Harry lead the way to the rest of his party and with Fawkes help, they flew up the pipe.Fawkes barely remembered any of the trip up the pipe, or to his perch, as he had been so tired.After all, it wasn't every day he fought a basilisk.
