"And what do you yell if someone you don't know tries to touch, take you away, or scare you?" asked Harry's primary school teacher."Stranger Danger!" answered the small children, yelling out in unison.That day the entirety of kindergarten had been going over safety. It was quite boring, in Harry's opinion. Besides, he wasn't worried about being kidnapped, or other trivial fears, Auntie Petunia said nobody would take him away if they got paid."But miss!" asked a little girl, someone Harry remembered as Mandy, "What if your parents are the ones being scary?"The little boy with the oversized clothes and the lightning scar watched as his teacher's eyes widened with horror."Mandy, could you talk to me before you leave for recess?" the adult asked.The little redhead nodded her head and put her hand down.The safety talk resumed.Harry looked down, bored.His shoelaces were untied, again. Little Harry always had hand me downs, and that included shoes. These particular pairs were still a few sizes too big, and the ends of the laces were split.Harry tried to knot them up but they just wouldn't stay put.The bell rang and the students started to run outside, pulling on their jackets.Needless to say, Harry wasn't a big fan of recess, especially since Dudley had started a new game called Harry hunting a few weeks prior.So, of course, he didn't hurry to tie his unsatisfactory laces at all."Mandy, are your Parents treating you well?" he heard the teacher ask."No ma'am," the little girl admitted, dropping her head slightly.Harry was shocked. He wasn't the only one that got mistreated?"Can you meet me in the special study room in an hour? I can call someone to help you."The redhead nodded, and a tear fell on her cheek."Thank you for telling me" He watched as the little girl was roped in a hug.Harry gulped, could he be helped too? In a minute the little girl left and he was the only remaining student in the room. He took a deep breath, it was now or never."Miss!" he called, waddling over to her desk, trying not to trip over his oversize shoes."Yes, Harry." his teacher, Miss Safio, said, still worried over the previous incident."My-my Uncle and Auntie are not treating me well," Harry admitted, eyes cast downwards.""Harry," said the woman, lifting his face so he'd look into her eyes, "Can you tell me a few things your family does that makes you feel that way."The little kid gulped, wondering if the things he said would get him in trouble with said family. It seemed his teacher thought as much because she gave him a hug and a look that said the conversation would be kept confidential."They give me too big clothes," started Harry, "And lock me in the cupboard under the stairs," Miss Safio let out a gasp, but he wasn't finished, "They make me cook, and I burn myself on the stove; Dudley beats me up, and so does Uncle Vernon." The primary school teacher opened her mouth but was cut off by Harry."And they call me a freak," he added as an afterthought.The teacher's jaw fell open. Never, in all her years had anything like this ever happened. It was obvious the boy needed to be relocated, and immediately."Congratulations," said the businessman, shaking Ms. Nosters' hand, "You have approved for your adoption." The woman nodded shakily, she never believed this day would come."As long as you maintain your job at," he glanced down, "Grangers Dental Clinic, you should be able to keep your child,""Yes, that won't be a problem," Ms. Noster reassured, "I just can't wait to meet my little boy."The man smiled, "Of course, I understand," he got up and opened the office door."This way," he gestured for her to follow.She walked through the halls, practically bouncing with excitement. She was completing her dream as a successful woman and mom. She smiled broadly.'Take that mum!' she thought, 'i can be a dentist and a mother.'They soon reached a room with cute art on its walls. The door frame was pink, and the outer walls had huge glass windows so people outside the room could see its inhabitants. In it, three children lay, one, a red-headed girl, another, a blond boy, and finally, her new son, Harry, who had messy black hair and bright green eyes.Ms. Noster watched, trembling slightly, as the man went to talk to him. The little boy nodded excitedly and toddled up to her."Hello!" he said brightly, "Are you my mom now?"She smiled, "Yes, yes I am"
