House: Horned SerpentClass: HerbologyTask #5 - Puffapods: Write about holding on to something.Prompts: [Character] The Weasley twins (main); [Action] Laughing; [Dialogue] "What on earth are you doing over there?"WC: 1013TW: None⁂"What on earth are you doing over there?"Fred and George were the middle children of seven so it barely took a moment to tuck the order forms into their pile of homework, and slip the prototype sweets into their pockets — the secret pockets they had sewn onto the insides of their robes, clumsily at first with wide loose stitches but they were basically experts now. Lee Jordan vaulted over the spare chair, dreadlocks loose and beads knocking together.His foot hit a book, and he skidded, arms flailing as he fought to regain his balance. It was a matter of moments for Fred and George to decide what to do, reaching up in unison to catch Lee's arms and pull him down onto the loveseat with them in a tangled mess of limbs."Easy there, Lee," Fred laughed, utilising Lee's trapped arms to grip the back of his neck — knowing the spots to make the other boy squirm, shoulders rising up and his back arching — just for a moment."We know we're Hogwarts most eligible bachelors—""Catches we are, everyone thinks so.""—but there's no need to fall for us."George finished with a wink, mirrored by Fred on the other side as Lee groaned, rolling his eyes."That was awful, George," he complained, wriggling his shoulders to nudge the twins out of the way. They obliged, shifting sideways, but keeping hold of his hands, legs propped on top of each other. "What's the plan for today then?""It's been a while, hasn't it Forge?" George asked, Lee obligingly leaning forward at the slight tug on his arm, so George could meet Fred's gaze."That it has," Fred confirmed sagely, nodding. "People will be thinking we are losing our touch—""Age brings much wisdom after all.""—becoming lazy and sloppy—""When we are, in fact, refining our talents.""No longer, will we coast on past victories.""But we do need to do something.""Yeah, we do," Fred ended with a sigh, bouncing his and Lee's joined hands on his leg as he thought."If you do something big enough to embarrass the school in front of the visitors—""Ron's face if we trip him up in front of his celebrity love, Krum," Fred laughed, raising the idea before discarding it with a quick shake of his head."McGonagall will kill you," Lee finished.George met Fred's eye, and they closed their eyes, rolling their heads to rest on Lee's shoulders with a choking groan."I'm not tearing up my clothes in mourning for either of you," Lee chuckled, muscles tensing beneath their heads before jerking himself forward, both twins toppling forward. They were only caught by their grip on Lee's hands, turned bruising in their shock."Rude," Fred and George told him, brows drawn in exaggerated scowls that lasted only a moment before they dissolved into laughter."Gred?"George leant around Lee to see a spark lingering in Fred's eyes, knowing that a plan had already brewed and taken form in his twin's mind. It would be pointless to protest now, the course already laid. George frowned at Fred, communicating in that small motion how much he didn't want to draw McGonagall's ire down upon them.They got along well with their Head of House, and had caught her watching their pranks with a small smile on her face, and a strange look of nostalgia in her eyes. They knew she was fond of them in a way she wasn't with their other siblings, but they didn't know why. Her temper had grown shorter since the announcement that Harry would be in the Tournament, the lines in her face deeper and she watched him, out of the corner of her eye. Harry didn't realise of course, but Harry didn't realise many things.Fred grinned, tipping his head, and George relaxed minutely back onto the sofa, drumming his fingers against the back of Lee's hand."So," Fred began, sitting up with his back straight, his free hand placed delicately on his chest as if he was speaking to the entire Great Hall rather than just a captive audience of two, "Lee."Lee nodded, dreadlocks gently swinging, and George was momentarily distracted by the pattern of beads in his hair, certain that if he looked at them in the right way, it would show a picture amidst the intricate repeating pattern of red and gold."You're comfortable like this, yeah? Me and Geore holding both your hands?""Yes?" Lee said, drawing out the word as long as he could."So just for, say, mindless amusement and mild non life threatening entertainment, you wouldn't mind doing this for the rest of the day?""Holding your hands. For the rest of the day?" Lee replied, slowly, taking in each word as Fred beamed, nodding his head frantically."And you'll be my arms, for the entire day?" Lee continued, waving his hands, still held tightly by both twins at Fred."Yep. Thoughts, George?""Do your braids say 'Slytherins suck' in Morse Code?"Lee stiffened, a nervous chuckle startled out of him before he realised who had spoken. "Yeah, they do." He laughed, shaking his head slowly. "I'd forgotten about them to be honest, my sister put the beads on first so I've just been repeating them ever since."He peered between them. "How do you both know Morse Code?"George shrugged. "Got to keep up the twin mystique in whatever way possible. We know a little bit of sign language as well.""I'll do this, and you teach me sign language.""Deal," Fred chimed in. "Come on Lee, I'm starving."⁂McGonagall didn't laugh when she saw Fred and George Weasley stumble into the Great Hall with Lee Jordan in tow. They were alternating between rubbing at their own shins and teasing Lee, who was beginning to look as if he was regretting whatever caper he had agreed to already.She watched them, and was reminded, yet again, of another group of boys from so long ago now, and she couldn't help but smile.
