This is an adopted story from Flora1309, I got it with her premission. I ll be changing some minor things in the chapters she wrote, due to plotholes I found or things I want to take in a different direction. I finished writing out the chapters until the end of first year in my main language, will be translating them from now on. I hope I do this story justice. Thank you to Flora1309 for letting me use her story.I don t own anything, the amazing JK Rowling does.The day that Merlin brought a baby back to Myth wasn´t a normal day. For one, it was Halloween 1981 and the day that the dark Tom Riddle was defeated for the first time.The explosion of magic from the rebounding killing curse was so strong that Merlin was able to travel to the earth for the first time in almost three thousand years.Oh He had watched from a distance how the leaders of the magical word became a ministry and slowly corrupted into something King Arthur would never support. Merlin had watched as the main wizard royal house disappeared. He saw and heard how Tom Riddle, a powerful wizard used his powers for his own gain instead of helping those in need. He saw how the pure blood community threaten by the growing muggleword followed Tom to 'protect' the old ways.Merlin was glad that his time on earth had passed. Until he was pulled back from the comforts of his home.Disoriented by his sudden pull to his former home planet, Merlin needed a minute to collect himself and getting back on his feet. Magic was pulsing through the air, almost as strong as his home and Merlin knew he was brought here by powerful magic forces to find the source of the power.All around the ancient wizard was destruction. Groaning, barely alive people, lifeless body's, and in the middle of a crater a baby, next to an robe. He was crying and blood came from a wound on his forehead. His small arms and legs fighting the blue blanket he was wrapped in.Merlin hurried to the child. Green eyes looked up curious to him, arms were raised in the demand to be held and Merlin listened to the silent request, picking the small child from the ground, cradling its small form against his chest.The magic pulsing around came from the child self and the old wizard just knew that this child was the child from the prophecy he had heard many, many years ago.With a little legilimency was Merlin able to discover from one of the surviving death eaters that the baby boy was brought by a man. The man was crying and apologizing to the child before handing him over to one of the most evil wizard since the start of human kind.Merlin assumed that the man was the boy's father for the death eater told the baby that this was the only way to protect the child's mother. It disgusted the wizard, Merlin never fathered any children but he adopted four. He would die before he would let those four get hurt. Let alone sacrifice them.Collecting the memories from the barley living death eaters in his robe and when he had the special child, carefully wrapped in the blue blanket, gathered in his arms he felt the magic pull him back to the place he belonged. Myth, the land of the Elves and the founders of magic itself.A few seconds later a group dressed in battle robes arrived on the scene. A woman with red hair and green eyes run towards the crater, looking around with a panicked look in her eyes.The group spread, checking the fallen dark wizards. Searching for survivors.A cry turned their attention to the woman who fell on her knees. Her fingers found a golden bracelet, before she cried out in the worse pain she had ever felled. Another woman hugged her close as they both sobbed their heart out. "No not Harry. Please not my Harry."A man, with raven black hair was struggled to the ground by a man with longer black hair and a goatee. "Let me go Padfoot! I need to find him!" the man yelled, desperately fighting Padfoot. "He's out here, hurt. My son needs me!"The man with the beard called Padfoot shook his head, trying to fight his own tears. "I'm so so sorry Prongs, but Harry is…""No! No! You can't know! He could still be…" tears fell down Prongs cheeks. "Wormtail escaped, Severus said so. Maybe he came back and took Harry… Harry could be…" his kneels failed to support him any longer as he fell over."Prongs. James please, Lilly needs you now." Begged Padfoot.James, otherwise known as Prongs, crawled to his wife, not able to support his own weight on his feet. "I'm going to kill Peter Lil. I promise you, I'm going to avenge our son." He softly said. "We'll find him.""Harry will be remembered as a hero to the wizard world." A wizard with a long white walked to the couple. "He destroyed Voldemort.""He was just a baby. How did he do it Albus?" an Auror, named Moody, asked.James stood up pulling Lily next to him. "I don't care, you said we could trust Peter, Albus. My son shouldn't have… he… come Lils. We're going home."Padfoot placed his hand on James shoulder. "I'll…""Don't, just don't…" James shrugged him of. "I lost my soul today, I need to protect my heart. I can't be betrayed again Siri. Sorry." And James and Lily disappeared. James unofficial brother watched them leave, knowing he had lost the three most imported people in his life."I found a memory of the attack." Moody said. "Young Potter was hit with the killing curse but somehow it rebound. He was still alive after the explosion. You should see this Albus, he was taken by a unknown wizard with white robes. This scum saw it happen."Merlin protected the baby from the cold by hiding him in his robe. After a long travel, he felt his feet connect with the floor of a castle. The magical air of Myth surrounded him, he was home."Merlin, is that you? Where have you been?" a woman with raven black long hair and dressed in a blue dress walked down the stairs. "I thought we were supposed to meet with Sal in his lab an hour ago. We were worried when we couldn't find you.""I was pulled back to the earth my child." Merlin said tiredly to the Lady Rowena. The raw magic that pulled him back and forth between worlds wasn´t enough to take the baby in his arms with him. Leaving even the powerful wizard with a magical exhaustion.Rowena steered him to a chair. "Why would you travel to the earth, there is nothing there for us anymore." She said confused."I had some business." Merlin opened his robe, revealing the peacefully sleeping baby boy.The smarted witch of history was shocked. "You took a baby from that planet?" she said. "Why would you do that? A child has no place in our world!""He ended the evil haunting the earth for a while, sacrificed by his own kind. I believe it was his father who handed him to the darkness." Merlin handed the child to Rowena. "But his magic was stronger than the killing curse. See that scar on his head, it's from surviving such a powerful curse. Can you feel the magic around him?"Rowena nodded. "But why did you bring him here?""He needs to be trained for the evil is not gone, just temporarily wounded. And when people find out his raw magic. He´ll be like a pet in the zoo, the boy needs a normal childhood but still needs to be prepared to what will come." Explained the ancient wizard."Will you train him yourself Merlin?" Rowena asked."No, we all will." Merlin said. "Can you inform the others?"Lady Ravenclaw eyes still hadn´t left the baby´s small face. She smiled when he grabbed her finger in his sleep. "I will, how will we call him?""His name is Yrrah." Merlin said softly. "It´s the name written on the blanket I found with him." he pulled the blue blanket from his pocket, presenting it to the witch. "And he is old enough to respond to his name. It would be confusing if we change it now. My child, I need to rest, I thrust you to take care of him?"There was no doubt in her voice as the Lady looked down again at the slumbering baby. "I will."Rowena took Yrrah to her sister Helga. Helga's gift was the gift of healing so there was no doubt that she would be able to give the little one a check up. After explaining what happened and what their mentor had told her, Helga too fell under the same spell the baby had on Rowena."I can't do anything about the scar but any dark magic it may have contained was pushed out when they traveled through the dimensions." Helga said looking at the lightning bolt scar on the baby's head."Are you sure?" Rowena asked. Helga gave her a pointed look. "Just checking." The blue dressed lady whispered under her breath."His magic levels are higher than Merlin's, and should be growing until he turns seventeen." Helga concluded in shock. "If anyone but Merlin had taken this child, he or she would not have been able to guide those powers safely. I even have my doubts that we would be able to keep up.""But can we train him if he's already stronger than us?" Rowena said with concern.Helga laid her hand on the small chest, closing her eyes. "Yes, he has a loving heart and a light mind. He'll listen to what we'll teach. However, I feel a hint of mischief."Both women stayed for a while, looking into the conjured crib. "Look how peaceful he looks. Like he doesn't have a care in the world."That suddenly stopped when the door was kicked open and Godric and Salazar barged in waving with their swords at each other. "You'll pay Rick, this was the last time you…" the man dressed in a green tunic stopped when baby cries filled his ears. "What in the name of Merlin's smelly left big toe is THAT?""You know, one day Merlin will find out about your curse words." Godric said smirking. "But you're right. What the name of, what Sal said, is that?""And I thought they had brains." Rowena said, she lifted the wiggling baby in her arms trying to calm him down. "Are you sure Helga, when was the last time you checked?""Come on Row, not my fault they have no ideas how a baby looks like. You should have taught them about the birds and bees.""We know it's a baby." Salazar Slytherin sighed rolling his eyes. "But why is there a baby in Myth? Does Mer know it's here?""Merlin brought him from the earth to protect him, the old man thinks he's the child the prophecy spoke off." Rowena looked into the green wide eyes, a small hand grabbed her hair to play with it."It's rather small to free the world from evil isn't it?" Rick took a careful step closer to look at the small thing, as afraid that when he would come close he would be bitten."And which line did it come from?" Sal asked following his brother-in-all-but-blood's example. "The prophecy spoke of a child born from one of us. Who's going to take care of it?""He's not an it. His name is Yrrah and Merlin saw how he defeated this century's dark lord." Rowena said with a huff."He has an amazing high raw magic in his blood, that's how he did it." Helga explained. "And a small test can tell us whose child he is.""Just so you know, I'm not going to take care of him, even if he's my heir." Sal said crossing his arms in a Humph."You won't have to," Rowena said with a smirk. "I won't let anything happen to this child so neither of you to boys are going to watch him until I'm sure you don't hand him anything dangerous. You two are sometimes more childlike than the junior Elf from the Village.""Hey I object to that." Godric protested. "I would be highly capable to take care of an infant."Rowena looked at him with a glare. "You would drop him and the moment he could walk hand him his own sword.""I won't drop him!" The knight protested."You just let my potion drop when I told you to be careful not to drop it." Pointed Salazar out.While the others were arguing had Helga prepared the ritual. "I just need a small drip of blood Row, if you can."The blue witch was holding the squirming child in one arm while making a small cut in the palm. When Yrrah started to cry, the two men wrapped their hands over their ears."Make it stop Row!" Sal yelled.Helga and Rowena shot them angry looks, both working on their tasks. After a few minutes Rowena had calmed her charge down to the occasional hiccup and looked at Godric. "He's your heir Ric." She said."So give him to me." The man in red tried to take the baby out of Rowena's arms.She turned away. "If you let him drop, hurt him in any way or give him anything too dangerous for his age. I'll end you. No warning.""Yeah yeah, you can go all momma bear over him. I just want to look at my boy." Yrrah was placed in his new father's arms. "He's not that bad Sal, see he's smiling at me.""Probably because you look funny." Sal said, taking another step closer to his brother. "Even I have to admit, when he's quiet like this, he's not that bad." Small hands reached for him. "I think he likes me too. Maybe he'll be a decent potions maker one day.""Merlin wants us to teach him to prepare him for his destiny." Rowena said, while sitting down next to her sister."What was the prophecy again Row?" asked Helga, resting her head on Rowena's shoulder, smiling at the sight of the two men warming up to a new member of their family. "I know it tells that it will be one of ours and he'll end the dark but I want to know the complete version if we want to help him.""I believe he fits two prophecies, one made a year ago in the earth." Rowena said placing her magical crystal on the table.The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have the powers the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies..."You said that Yrrah defeated a dark lord, didn't you?" Sal said. "Not my heir, did he?""Yes, but Riddle isn't dead." Helga said. "I found residue of black magic on Yrrah, Riddle is wounded but he can return to the living world.""Only your heir would do horcrux making." Godric said sticking his tongue out. "My baby heir just kicked your grown up heir's ass.""I disowned him the moment he ordered Snacky to kill the muggleborns in Hogwarts." Sal said with a huff. "You know that Rick, and should I remained you your heirs creation the deathly hallows?""Nah, those stupid idiots. Only the invisibility cloak has some usefull meaning for this world." Rick said holding Yrrah up at eye high. "You won't do stupid thing would you? Would you? No you're going to make me proud and be a daddy's boy. Won't you? Won't you?"Yrrah's small fingers grabbed Godric's nose and baby giggle filled the room."My god," groaned Sal. "He just lost the last bit brains he had."The group laughed while Godric continued to baby babble to the child. "What is the other prophecy?" Helga asked. "The one made by Morgana.""My aunty Morg made that prophecy?" Godric asked surprised, sitting down on the bed next to Sal facing his sisters."Aunty Morg?" three voices said at the same time."Yeah, she was the sister of Arthur. Before she became dark, she lived at the palace. I grew up around her. You guys know that I was sort of Arthur's unofficial child so Morg allowed me to call her aunt. I never told you that?""NO!" voiced the group.Godric was bouncing Yrrah on his lap. "Well I guess I should have told you. But tell me the prophecy. I knew there was one but never heard it.""You're so lucky you're holding Yrrah." Growled Rowena touching the crystal with her wand.The one who'll have the power to end the dark will be born when the world needs him the most… Born in times of war… his power could end the dark… Heir of one of the original magic... raw magic will flow through his veins... but one pure of heart and mind will never abuse it… born to wear the crown of magic… he'll lead the magical world to a new empire… he'll possess magic so pure never seen before… dark and light will fight to control the ten magical powers in one child… But only if he follows his heart he'll be able to end the dark … with three chosen ones on his side he'll be creating a new world where light will rule or destroy magic forever… The one who'll have the power to end the dark will be born when the world needs him the most…"Do you hear that Yrrah." Godric faced the child again. "No pressure at all! Everyone wants to control you and if you don't do it right, the magical world will be ended!" he glared at Rowena. "Please tell me this some kind of sick joke.""No, but he's with us now so the dark and light won't be able to fight for him until we think he's ready.""Pa' foo?" green eyes looked to his father. "Me pa 'foo?""Pa' foo, what in the name of Merlin's long nose hairs is a Pa' foo?" Sal said. Three angry glares were send his way. Godric covered Yrrah's ears. "What?""Restrain yourself in front of my son." Godric said. "No cursing.""Seriously?" Sal asked, his mouth dropped open when he received another round of glares. "I liked you better when you would give a child a sword." He muttered under his breath.Godric ignored his brother. "Come baby. Let's see if we can make a room ready for you." And as Godric left the hospital wing, he smiled at the fifteen month old on his arm. "Yrrah, I'm going to do right by you. My son."I m going to try and update once every two days because I want to reread and change the chapters a bit. I hope to keep up with that scedule after I go through the already written chapters and I go into translating. Thank you so much for reading and don t forget to feed the review bunnies. With loveShyLily

Disclaimer, I don't own Harry Potter.Story adopted from Flora1309.eighteen months later"Where is Yrrah?" Godric run down the stairs into the great hall where Rowena and Helga were eating breakfast."What do you mean?" Rowena said in a dangerous tone."He wasn't in his room and he's too small to climb over the bars of his bed. Who took him!" the knight said worried. Godric had grown up the last eighteen months. Something no-one in the castle had ever expected. He took care of his son who physically turned two a few weeks ago. Due to the different time flows, Yrrah's aging did not fit the Myth time, for one day on earth was two in Myth and Yrrah aged according to Earth time according to Merlin."Look Y, there is daddy." Merlin had the toddler by his hand. Black hair sticking every way and green eyes as the curse that had hit him more than a year ago, a lighting bold scar from that same curse.Godric kneeled down. "Come to dada, Y."Pitter-patter of small feet sounded through the hall before the knight caught his son lifting the small child in his arms."Dada, Y hungy." Yrrah beamed up to his father. "Y Milk.""Do you want milk sweetie?" Rowena said holding a cup.Yrrah was bouncing in Godric's arms clapping his hands. "Mommy! Y wants Milk."What uncertain handed Godric his son over to his sister so she could help him, before turning to his mentor/father. "Why did you take him from his room? I thought I lost him.""I found him in Sal's lab with Sal. They were making a potion. Apparently, someone forget to place the locking charm on the bed again and Sal found Yrrah flying through the corridors." Merlin gave him a pointed look. "You know you should always check if you have the charm in place. Remember the first time Yrrah thought it was a good time to fly during storm.""I still get shivers when I hear lightning. But I thought I… O yeah." The knight scratched the back of his neck."You picked him up before going to bed, again didn't you?" Helga said with a grin. "Couldn't do with a hug goodnight?"Godric blushed. "I was just…""Daddy look!" Yrrah sat on Rowena's lap, his hands were red as he was heating the milk. "Milk warm." He turned his hands to a blue glow. "Milk cold.""Just like his parents. Rick the red one with a temper and Row the Blue one with the cold attitude." Salazar walked in, two stinging hexes were send his way which he stepped aside to let them pass. "See that Y, saw what your mommy and daddy did?" Another hex hit him in the stomach. "Helga! I thought I could count on you!""It wasn't me." The lady in yellow said, looking at Merlin who was looking at the laughing toddler on Rowena's lap. Out of his small fingertips another red hex made his way to Sal."Oh, daddy's champ. You just can't not love this child." Godric praised. "Good aim my son.""Bad Yrrah, don't hurt your uncle Sal." Sal scowled. "Mer say something. Rick and Row are giving him a bad example.""I think it's time to work on the first power." Merlin said thoughtfully. "He's showing more and more potential every day.""But on which of three he shows potential for are we going to work?" Rowena said with a sigh. "He just showed Wandless and Wish. And we know he has shown his elemental.""I have to wait a few years. We can't have a toddler creating storms every time he has a temper tantrum." Salazar said.Helga grinned. "You just want to enjoy your free time while you can."Salazar answered really mature by sticking out his tong."Wish magic will be the first." Merlin said before an argument was started. "For Wandless he needs to know spells.""Yrrah do you want to learn magic with Grandpa?" Rowena asked. The two-year-old nodded and hopped in one jump from his mother's lap into his grandfather's arms, flying over the dinner table.The moment the door closed, and the grandfather and grandson were out of hearing range, the four siblings started bickering again.By the time summer started, Yrrah was almost two and a half in earth age. Merlin assumed that his mental age grew along with his body, but his intelligence grew even faster than myth time.The first time Yrrah read a book was that summer he was sitting on the grass near the lake playing watched by Rowena who was writing her journal. Dropping his wooden sword, he crawled to her climbing on her lap, resting his head on her chest."Mommy, what you doing?" Yrrah asked curious."I'm writing down my memories so that one day when you're older you can read what you did when you were small." Rowena said, tickling his nose with the feather of her quill."Why would you do that? You have memory crystals." Yrrah asked pushing the feather away giggling.The whole group could play the 'why-game' with Yrrah for hours without getting bored, so Rowena smiled down when she answered. "Yeah, but I read through this book and remember what I want to remember. Do you understand what I'm saying?""You write, to read, to remember and then to see." Yrrah said. "I get it." He looked at the parchment, "I wasn't fighting a bee mom, it was a big dragon and I was trying to be brave like dad."Rowena looked shocked. "You can read that?""Off course," a butterfly got his attention. Pushing himself up he grabbed his sword. "I'll save you mom, run to the castle. I'll hold him off."Godric appeared next to his son, sword drown. "Where is he? Where is the monster?""There! Go get him dad!" Yrrah grabbed his mother's hand and pulled her away. "Stay behind me mom. I'll protect you!""Oh, thank you my strong brave knight." Rowena dramatically placed her hand on her heart as stayed behind Yrrah,The two-year-old squinted his eyes raising his hand. "Fight fire dragon with water." He said and with a wave of his hand a large ball of water from the lake flew over Godric drenching him. "Did you see that mom? I defeated the dragon!" Yrrah beamed.Rowena was rolling on the ground laughing at a soaked Godric who held his sword at the ground. "Oh Rick, you should see your face!""YRRAH!" Godric yelled. "Never do that again."Wide green eyes looked up to his father, tears welt up in them breaking Godric's heart. "But daddy, uncle Sal said I fight fire with water…""I'm going to kill that snake." The wet man growled before taking a deep breath. "I'm not angry at you Y. but don't do that again. Only to uncle Sal and maybe Grandpa Merlin."Rowena was trying to catch her breath. "Dry your dad Yrrah, before we need to clean the castle. With magic, not fire.""Okay mom." Yrrah pointed his sword at his father, wishing to dry him. "Are you still mad at me daddy?" he asked carefully."Not at you son." Godric said placing his sword in his belt before lifting his boy up. "But uncle Sal has been bad, so no potions lessons for a week.""Why?" Yrrah asked falling back into the routine."Because he's a slimy snake, that's why." Godric said, diving away from Rowena who tried to swat the back of his head. "But I believe I heard you're ready for lessons with your mom. And maybe we could get lessons with Aunt Helga and me too.""Really?""Maybe."Around the winter when Yrrah was four years and a few months earth time, the boy was able to almost completely control five of the ten so called magical powers. Only the strongest wizards have one of the powers. Salazar had taught him the power of elemental and the normal lessons potions, at least when Godric had forgiven him. Rowena and Godric teamed up, Rowena taught him how to protect his mind from outsiders and the power to remember every word ever read, think of spells and potion steps. Godric taught him the power to use those spells wandlessly. Because Yrrah never had a wand it was easier for him to master it than when he was used to using it. Helga taught him the power of healing with lessons herbology.It was Merlin's lessons Yrrah enjoyed the most. Wishing magic, Merlin was the only one who was able to do it and it cost him a lot of power. It was the only lesson that was a bit tiring to the hyperactive boy. Combined with his wandless magic Yrrah just pointed at something and make it happen.But because the high magic level Yrrah had, he could combine the powers and the group new that by the time spring would come around there was nothing they could teach him more. So, Merlin took Helga to the Elven village to see if they could help their child learn the other powers.A man walked towards them, his light blue tunic flowing in the wind and through his long blond hair stood his pointy ears. His bow and arrows were on his back, but one shoulder movement and he would be ready to shoot. "Merlin, Lady Hufflepuff, it has been a while.""It has Elandorr. How have you been?" Merlin greeted his old friend.The head of the village smiled. "The village is doing great. I've been blessed with a grandchild since the last time you visit. The first birth in two thousand years. But I don't think this is a social call. We could feel a new life arrive here a few winters ago.""Like you, I've been blessed with a grandchild. The child of the prophecy was attacked and left defenseless, I took him here so he could be raised with the care and training he needed to fulfill his destiny. While he lives on Myth his body ages on Earth time with his intelligence growing in Myth time. He looks four but acts beyond his years. We've taught him five of the magical powers, I came to ask you for help. Teach him the last five from the all mighty from the village.""The prophecy spook of a child from one of your children." Elandorr said eying Helga. "Which of your children did he belong to?""My youngest son, Godric.""May mother nature save us all." Groaned the Elf."Don't fear my friend, Godric has grown up for the sake of his son. Yrrah adores his father, listens to him and trains every day, and fortunately looks for wisdom to his mother, Rowena."Elandorr nodded at this. "He has mastered five powers at the age of four?""He was one and a half when he arrived in Myth and has lived here for a little more than six years. Don't let his looks foul you. He ages by earth time" Helga said. "Yrrah is a fast learner.""I'll have to speak to the masters, I'll come back to you when the snow has melted." Promised Elandorr."Thank you, my friend. Greetings to your village and remember that the castle will always be open for friends." Merlin said, after they said their goodbyes, he walked back with Helga.The snow had melted two weeks ago when Yrrah found himself at a village filled with other people, or Elves, or something. They looked like him, but all had white-blond hair and pointy ears. The men wore the same close as his father but from another lighter material. The women wore dressed like his mom, but also that same lighter material.A bit scared he held his father's hand, silently praying his father would pick him up. This was the first time in his life that he was out of the castle safety wards.His grandfather, uncle Sal and his mother were talking with a few grown elves. Aunt Helga was visiting the small hospital. "Daddy, do I have too?"With a reassuring smile Godric looked at his son, kneeling so he was on eyesight with the small boy. "You know you need to learn the other five powers. We can't teach you those, they can.""But I want to stay with you." Yrrah whispered."Hey what's with the water works?" Godric brushed the tears away. "I'm not going to leave you Y. One of us will always be in the village while you're here. And you still sleep every night in the castle."Yrrah threw himself in his surprised father's arms. "You promise you won't leave me. Promise promise?""I'm always with you when you need me." The knight reassured. Standing up with Yrrah in his arms. The boy could go from acting like a grown up to a four-year-old within seconds. Times like this he looked more like his physical age than normal.The group came walking towards them. "The teacher giving Jumping wants to wait until Yrrah is a bit older, the sword wants to start as soon as possible training him not only in the power of creation but also teach him how to use it." Merlin said."And you guys were scared I would give him a sword." Grinned Godric to his brother and sister. "So, does he have to stay in the village, or can he come home?""Until he's older someone has to stay in the village with him…" Salazar started."You promised." Yrrah said scared. Tightening his arms around Godric's neck.The rest frowned, Godric rolled his eyes. "And uncle Sal just confirmed it. We're not going to leave you here alone.""The leader of this village, Elandorr, just told us you can come home with us every night sweetie." Rowena said."Promise?" a small voice asked."Yes. Come, let go. The teacher will be waiting for us." Godric placed Yrrah on his feet again, taking the small hand in his.The teacher was sitting on the grass. It was a man, looking like the other elves. His piercing blue eyes looked up when Godric coughed. "Godric, it's been a long time. I've heard that being a father suits you well.""It does." Godric smiled. "How have you been Dominic?""Life has been kind to me. So, this is the child of the prophecy and your son?" he asked looking to Yrrah who was hugging his father's leg. "A shy one.""First time out of the castle. And yes, this is my son Yrrah." Godric smiled. The Gryffindor sat down on the grass, pulling his son to his side. "Say hello to Dominic Yrrah." The boy looked from his father to Dominic and back. "Don't get shy. Say hello to your teacher."Yrrah wrapped his arms around Godric muscular arm. "Hello sir." Never before had Godric seen Yrrah act this way."It is an honor to meet you, young one." Dominic answered. "Have you been told what I will teach you?"Yrrah looked up to his father. "Sword fighting?""That is a part of it. I'll be teaching you to make magical and non-magical objects." explained Dominic. "You'll be learning how to make your own swords and wands, conjure object from air. I thrust you learned some transfiguration?""My mom has been teaching me, I know all the spell books until the OWL standards wandless." Yrrah said with bit proudness in his voice."And it was your dad who taught you to do them without a wand?" the Elf guessed."Yes sir." Yrrah nodded. "I never had a wand. I don't need one, just like my dad."Glad that his son was letting out of his shell, Godric ruffled the raven black hairs. "But you'll need one for Hogwarts my boy. You know that.""I'll be teaching you how to transfigure and build." Dominic said. "You won't be using a wand during my lessons if you don't want one. I have to, I don't have the power you have. Now let us begin."As the weeks passed by Yrrah learned to love the presence of others than his parents, grandfather, aunt and uncle. Dominic was a great teacher, and Yrrah loved the training where he got to use his sword. Every morning he rose at six to practice an hour before going to the village and practice some more.An Elf called Maeghen started to teach him in the power to transform into any animal he wanted or create a whole new look. Some days Yrrah looked like a mini copy of his dad or created blond hair and pointy ears like the Elves.Maeghen was the daughter of Elandorr and mother to the only elf child in the village. A girl, who was growing faster than Yrrah.One night, when Godric tucked him in he asked about it. The answer that Yrrah was human and the Elves were not didn't sound logic to the smart boy. His parents didn't age, neither did his uncle, aunt or grandpa. Not even the elves with exception of the little one. So, he looked in books, trying to find it himself.In the end it was Salazar who took pity in the boy.During their elemental lessons Salazar sat down on the grass. "Come sit next to me Y.""What's wrong uncle Sal?" Yrrah asked weary, letting the wind guide him back to the ground. Flying was still his favorite lessons when working with the element air. "Did I do something wrong? I promise I do better next time.""You did nothing wrong my boy." Salazar reassured. "I know what you're looking for and I don't agree with the others who want to wait to tell you."Yrrah changed the grass into a pillow before sitting down. "Telling me what?""What we should have told you years ago." Salazar waved in the air, "In this world is everything around you magic. Even the way a flower goes into blossoms, or a caterpillar turns into a butterfly. But magic isn't the only thing in the world. You're a smart kid. I know you read about the earth. Tell me what you know about the people living there.""Non-magical and magical people live there together, it's a place of war and destruction every few years. They don't learn from their mistakes, doing the same stupid things over and over again. They destroy magical creatures they don't understand. They are scared and lost believe in the light side of magic.""You're correct my boy." Salazar said. "When Merlin was younger, there was a prophecy made. It said that during times of war, a baby boy would be born on earth. He, and he alone, will have the power to bring back the peace on earth. Ending the dark. This child will have raw magic, and he'll be able to control the ten magic powers. He'll be crowned king of magic.""What are the ten magic powers, uncle Sal? And why are you telling me this?" Yrrah asked, his green eyes curious. Remembering word for word what his uncle told him."There are ten magical powers. Every year two children, born on earth, receive one extra power to use it for good. Just listen me out for the next part, okay son? This prophecy child was born a few years ago on earth, Merlin didn't know it at the time since this child was kept hidden under a charm. A dark lord called Tom Riddle who is, sadly to say, my descendant tried to kill this child when the chosen one was just one year old. The child's father brought him to be sacrificed, we know this because Merlin saw the memories. Riddle send the killing curse at the boy, the magic in the child protected the child creating a magic explosion, causing Merlin to travel back to earth. To protect the child from evil and the controlling forces of the light, Merlin decided to bring the child here to Myth so he could grow and learn how he could concur in the fight against the dark. We found out that the child was the heir of one of us and we raised him as our own. Knowing that one day the chosen one had to go back to the earth to fight the dark forces. He learned the ten powers here, wandless, shape shifting, healing, jumping which is traveling through light, perfect memory, able to speak every language, elemental powers, telepathic powers, wish magic and the power to create magical objects." Sal looked at the boy's pale face. "You figured it out, didn't you?""Am I the chosen one?" Yrrah asked. The Slytherin nodded. "I'm an earthling?""Well we all were one time. Your mom and dad, I, Aunt Helga and your grandfather were all born on earth. When we finished our destiny there, we came here." Salazar said softly."Why tell me now? Why didn't you tell me sooner?""The others didn't want to tell you until you're older. They are afraid you'll be scared knowing you've to face the evil of the earth one day. I disagree, you deserve to know where you come from and why you're different from everyone else in Myth.""I age at earth time, don't I?" Yrrah asked. "I read that earth time is different than Myth time. One to two or something like that.""A day on earth is two here. We planned to raise you as an earthling, but you were so clever. That's why you're so smart not because you had more time to learn."Yrrah looked at the castle that he called home. "So, this isn't my home and… and you're not my family? My real parents didn't want me, and now you are burdened with me?""No, it's nothing like that." Salazar said quickly. "We are your family, and Myth will always be your home. We love you, and if it was up to us, we would have blood adopted you the moment you said 'dada' to Rick. Believe me, if we didn't want you, we would have left you on earth. You, my boy, just are more special than most children and we wanted you to stay normal as long as you could. Let you enjoy being a kid.""But I never was normal, was I? The lessons, you've been teaching me the ten powers. You've been training me since I can talk. You've been preparing me for earth." Yrrah said accusing. "I've been wondering why, I thought it was because you didn't want me to get bored but you're planning on sending me away.""We don't want to. Oh, so many times I offered the others to lock you in a basement to keep you safe. But the earth will be destroyed by the darkness." the potions master tried to hug the boy but Yrrah pushed him off. "We only want you to stay safe, because we love you so much."Yrrah stood there for a few moments, his fist clenching and unclenching. His memory power giving him the chance to remember every time his family told him they loved him. Never was there a lie. They did love him, Yrrah knew this. So, he took a deep breath and looked at his uncle. "I understand your reasons, and I love you too. But I need time to wrap my head around this." Yrrah placed his sword in his belt and transformed into a baby deer. A form he was most comfortable in. Rowena said he looked like Bambi, a muggle story.He ran into the woods leaving a stunned Salazar behind."You did WHAT?!" yelled Godric, throwing his goblet with pumpkin juice against the wall.Salazar stood straight and repeated his sentence. "I told Yrrah about the prophecy and his destiny. He was looking for answers and I didn't want him to figure it out on his own. Someone had to tell him.""And he ran off?" Helga said surprised. "That's not like him at all."Godric was holding Salazar at sword point. "You told my almost five-year-old that the future of an entire world rests on his shoulders, in the same conversation that you told him he's been adopted, and his real father tried to kill him? Are you insane?!""Well, someone had to do it!" Salazar yelled back. "We've all seen him in the library studying, looking up why he's different. You didn't answer him! He needed an answer!""But he's only five!" Rowena yelled back."Maybe we should stop arguing and focus on finding Yrrah." Helga said. "In case you didn't notice, it's started to rain. We all know what that means.""Yrrah is sad." Merlin said. He put his cloak on. "We need to find him soon before he goes too far."The group started searching, a few well-placed spells allowing them to stay dry as minutes turned into hours and their worry multiplied.It was Godric who found the boy. Yrrah lay under a tree, shivering from the cold, his clothing soaked.He had changed back into his normal self and had fallen into a light sleep. Without a moment of hesitation, Godric took his warm cloak off and wrapped it around his son while muttering warming and drying spells on the boy.Yrrah's eyes opened, "Dad" breathed his soft voice."Sssssh Y. Go back to sleep. Daddy is right here." Godric whispered, placing his cheek on the top of Yrrah's head. "It's going to be okay.""I'm sorry dad." Yrrah coughed a few times. "I shouldn't have run away, and then I wanted to come back, but I was lost and scared... and so tired. I'm sorry.""Don't be, we should have told you sooner. I should have been the one who told you." Godric shifted Yrrah in his arms. "Just know I'll always love you. You will always be my son, whether you're adopted or not.""I love you too dad." The tired eyes closed. "I just wish you were really my dad by blood." Was whispered before his breath evened out and Yrrah fell back to sleep.Sending a Patronus to the others, he walked back to the castle. Yrrah was burning up and he wanted Helga to cure him before he got any worse.Godric placed Yrrah on a small bed in the great hall. With a wave of his hand, he changed the tunic into warm pajamas and sat down to wait on the others. Helga and Rowena were the first to come back.While Rowena cornered Godric, Helga healed Yrrah giving him a sleeping potion."He'll be fine in the morning." Helga announced and the others let out a sigh of relief."Thank god." Muttered Salazar when he walked in with Merlin.Godric quickly turned defensive again. "I'm not done with you! This is entirely your fault!""We're all to blame, we should have listened to Sal. Yrrah had a right to know." Helga said. "However, you shouldn't have told him alone.""I know, I know." Grumbled Salazar.Merlin sat at Yrrah's bedside, running his hand through the raven-black hairs. "What's in the past is in the past." He said looking down on the sleeping boy. "He knows his future now and while I believe it could have gone better, it also could have been a lot worse."Godric had an idea how to be Yrrah's father in blood and told it to Merlin the next morning. "We'll offer the option to Yrrah, but it will be his choice." Said the ancient wizard."Tell me what?" murmured Yrrah, rubbing the sleep from his eyes."Well, there is a way I can become your father by blood, it's a ritual called blood adoption. You'll be my main heir, my son.""Can you really do that? Can I be adopted by you and mom?" Yrrah asked jumping from his bed into his father's arms.The ritual was conducted that afternoon, with the three wizards and two witches adopting the boy.Merlin explained what was going to happen and what Yrrah's part was. Godric carefully cut the palm of the five-year-old's hand. The five adults soon had matching cuts. Each allowing a few drops of blood to drip from their palm into the cut on Yrrah's hand."Fate brought us to getter. Magic and blood will make us family." stated the adults. Yrrah repeated the words and the cut on each of their hands healed. "Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family." they intoned together.A magic glow surrounded the five as Yrrah was adopted as the main heir of five powerful families.His normally wild black hair was a bit tamer like his uncle's and his green eyes turned even more green, so it looked like the killing curse that hit him many years ago. His father's nose became more prominent and you could see that he now had his mother's small ears. From his grandfather he got the Emrys birthmark on his left shoulder and from his aunt he got the soft hands of a healer.Yrrah was looking at his reflection with wonder. "You tamed my hair.""While you're now officially our blood, you have always been my son, my child." Rowena said kissing the boy's lightning bolt scar. "We love you so much.""I love you too." Yrrah said hugging his mother back. "All of you."The news did change Yrrah, not much, but it was noticeable. He still loved his family and he knew they loved him back, but knowing his destiny, he started to train harder than before.Raising at five in the morning, he trained all day long until dinner and then he spends the evening studying the earth.More than one night a week, Godric found him sleeping in front of the magic window, having watched a town or school, animals or a jungle until sleep claimed him.An Elf called Onur started his lessons in 'jumping'. Within a week he had mastered the art of appearing and disappearing from place to place. According to the books he read, it was slightly different from the wizard way of traveling because it was soundless and Yrrah was able to jump longer distances and even dimensions. By his sixth birthday he knew this was the way he would travel back and forth between the Earth and Myth but according to Merlin it would take so much magic that it would take a week recharging if he wanted to return. A trip back and forth between the Earth would mean missing two weeks in Myth while he recharged on Earth.A more difficult power the learn was the power to speak all languages. It required a lot of concentration and the five-and-a-half-year-old had trouble sitting still for long. He wanted to train, to fight and his sword was just on his side doing nothing.So, Stoddard, a male Elf, taught him the art of meditating. By the time Yrrah was six he had perfected the technique and was able to meditate for hours at a time.When the last power presented itself during speaking class, Yrrah was six and a half. Alanah taught him how to communicate, not with verbal words, but with telepathic powers. With this, the last of the ten powers was finally learned.One-night Merlin asked Yrrah to follow him to his office. Sitting on the rug before the fire with hot chocolate, Merlin asked Yrrah what he knew about the Crown of Magic."I read somewhere that the power of the crown was divided between the two royal houses. The most ancient and most noble house of Pendragon and the most ancient and most noble house of Emrys. But the book told me that both have died out." Recalled Yrrah."Until now, they were." Said Merlin.Yrrah looked confused. "What do you mean grandpa?""When I was still alive on earth, my last name was Emrys. During the adoption, I made you my heir. You can claim my side of the crown when you arrive on earth.""Born to wear the Crown of Magic." Mumbled Yrrah. "The prophecy.""Yes, while the prophecy as a whole could mean so many different things, I believe that this part says exactly what it means. Even before you were born, somehow, they predicted that I or your father would adopt you." Merlin said. "Or even both."The young prince frowned. "What has dad to do with the crown?""Your father was born as a first-generation wizard." Explained the ancient man. "His parents feared his gift and he had no other choice than to run away. Hiding his gift, he offered his services as a knight to King Arthur. Back then I was in his court and noticed the powers Godric had and I told Arthur. King Arthur was also a first-generation wizard and had to hide his gift as a young boy because his father banned all magic from his land. Arthur feared what his people would do when they found out so when his father died, he still hid his magic. Your dad was twelve when he offered to become a knight, so he had to wait a few years. King Arthur, feeling pity for the child adopted him in secret, making Godric the main heir of Pendragon. Last week he passed that title over to you.""I'm the prince of magic?" whispered Yrrah. "From both sides of the crown?""You are, Y." Merlin filled the mugs again with hot chocolate. "You're destined by prophecy to wear the crown, but don't you ever forget that you received it out of love. Rule with your heart and you'll do great.""You think so grandpa?" asked Yrrah. "What if I can't handle the pressure?""Then you have advisers and you can always come back home. Your grandfather knows all the answers to all the problems." Grinned Merlin. "He's so smart and amazing and..."Yrrah giggled as he threw himself into his grandfather's arms. "I know you are all those things grandpa. You're really amazing.""Just amazing?" mussed Merlin, before he grinned and started a tickle war. One day Yrrah would be king, but for now he was just a child playing with his grandfather.Yrrah loved to run around the lake and Godric loved to spend time with his son, so every morning they headed out at seven to run a few laps. Afterwards, Yrrah showed his father what he had learned that week and they practiced with their swords or horse riding.Salazar and Yrrah worked on potions one or two afternoons in the week. Yrrah had a special talent for them and unknown to the small boy had Salazar asked Merlin to obtain a Mastery for the boy so he wouldn't have to waste time in potions class at Hogwarts.Days went by, months quickly passing. Winter turned back to spring, then to summer and autumn.The chosen one continued to grow, physically but also in power and wisdom.Yrrah sat by the magical window watching a playground somewhere unknown on the planet that should feel like his home but never would, Myth was and always would be home to him."What are you doing my son?" Godric asked walking up to him. "We missed you during dinner." The older man sat down and pulled the soon to be eight-year-old onto his lap. With his sharp mind and the raw magic flowing through his veins, Yrrah was already defeating most Elves from the village. Within a few months his training would be completed."I ́m sorry, I was just..." Yrrah ́s voice trailed off, still looking out of the window while leaning against his father's strong chest."Dreaming of a normal life?" Godric guessed.Yrrah bit his lip but still nodded. "I'm so sorry dad, I love you all and I love being with you and the Elves here in Myth… sometimes I just wish I could see children my age… normal children. The Elves are nice and I really like them but the only time I get to go there is for training or when one of you guys are visiting and the older Elves don't want to play with me because I'm too small or because I'll be a prince some day and some are scared of me just because I'm different. I just want one friend who wants to play with me and knows my destiny and isn't scared or looks at me like I'm some royal."Godric wrapped his arms around the smaller frame of his son. "I get it Yrrah, every child should have the right to a normal childhood.""Then why do I have to stay here?" Yrrah asked, his hand on the window glass. "I want to play dad. I want to play with kids my age like them. Why can't I just go for a little while? Onur could come with me and he could make the jump to earth and I could jump back. Only for one day."Godric sighed and pulled Yrrah even closer. "It ́s too dangerous for you out there Yrrah. We can ́t come with you to protect you and only one elf as protection isn't nearly enough. You know this son.""But if I could go for just one day. I'd be back really soon." The boy begged. "You'd be able to watch me through your window. I just...""You will Yrrah, but not now." Godric promised. "When you completed your training and are ready to fulfil your destiny on earth. But for now, you need to remain in Myth, where we can protect and train you for your future.""But what if I don't want to fight? I've been trained for as long as I can remember to end the darkness of the wizard world." Yrrah struggled out of the knight's arms. A bit hesitantly, Godric let him go. "Trained to save them from some unknown darkness, but no one fought for me when that man brought me to Riddle. No one fought for me to keep me on the earth. I read the books, only those who have died or those who won't be missed can come to Myth. I wasn't dead, so obviously no one thought it was strange that I wasn't there anymore. Sometimes I have dreams of a woman with red hair and my eyes who tells me she loves me. They had to be lies. Why would I train here to save them?""You read the knight book I gave you?" Godric received a look saying, 'are you kidding me?' "Off course you did. I'm a knight, my father was one and his father was a knight. My son was a knight, before he turned dark with Salazar's daughter, you're my son too so you'll be one too the moment I deem you ready. One of the most important rules is that a knight must defend and uphold the pure, innocent, and helpless. There are so many people that never knew you, should they suffer the same fate because of those who failed you?"Yrrah sat down again. "I guess not." He sighed. "Sometimes I'm so glad to be me, because I get to live here and learn so much, learning to use my powers. Then I see the children on earth playing. Is it selfish to want the best of both worlds?""It's human, and even with all the powers you have, you're still human." Godric said, a smile spreading on his lips when Yrrah crawled onto his lap again like he was a toddler instead of an eight-year-old. "In five myth years you'll be going to Hogwarts. There you'll find friends for life who will, just like you, get the best of both worlds from the moment you step on the train. And the best part is that if you find it's not worth it, you'll always have a home right here.""You won't be angry if I can't do it?" Yrrah asked with a small voice."I'll never be angry with you. I love you too much." The knight reassured.Looking up to his father, Yrrah grinned. "Even if I get sorted into Slytherin? Will you still love me then?"A shudder went through Godric. "Well, I have to think about it." Sad eyes looked up, breaking Rick's heart. "Of course, I would still love you. You're my son. Have I ever given you a reason to doubt the way I feel about you?" Yrrah shook his head, resting back against his dad. "Nothing could ever stop me from loving you, not even getting sorted into uh, Slytherin.""Thanks dad." Yrrah yawned.Godric watched his son eyes close. "Anytime." He shifted Yrrah in his arms so he could lay in a more comfortable position as his son drifted off to sleep."I never thought you could be so wise." whispered Helga, leaning in the doorway.Flashing his charming grin to his younger sister he stood up, placing Yrrah's head on his shoulder. "There is more to me than just my amazing handsome looks.""Not meaning to inflate your ego even more, but Yrrah really needed to hear that." Helga rubbed the boy's back. "He lives in a world he doesn't belong to but still loves. I know I had a hard time learning to live here.""I don't remember you doubting that we loved you." Godric said. "And you didn't die before you came here.""No, but I died here after I lived a life on the earth with, while short, a normal childhood. I had friends my age. I had parents who worked, and I went to a Sunday school with children my age. I was able to come here because no one would miss me. After you guys passed on, I was all alone on the earth and saw the most horrible side of the human race. It was different for all of us and you know that.""I know, I know. Why is this a problem now though?" Godric looked to the sleeping child. "Yesterday he was happy and now...""Merlin had a theory." Helga said. "Look out that window. Snow is falling, the children are having a vacation. I know you don't care much for the earth since you left it, but this is their holiday season. Ever heard of Christmas?""Christmas?" Rick looked out of the window. "No, not really.""Families come together from all over the world to spend it together with their loved ones. Yrrah asked him about it a few weeks ago." explained Helga."So?" the man looked clueless."I take it back; you still are an airhead." Helga sighed. "I'll spell it out for you. One, Yrrah looks out of his window to see families loving each other, children playing. Two, his biological father didn't want him and left him to die. Three, he doesn't have any family other than five people who are way older than him. My guess is his abandonment issues play a part in this breakdown. He wants to celebrate Christmas but doesn't know how to tell us.""He's a smart child. He would tell me if he wanted something." Godric replied."We sometimes forget that Yrrah learns more everyday than an earthling does." The two walked towards Yrrah's room. "All my tests on Yrrah's health come back with the same results. Yrrah is eight in body and mind. He has learned to act older because he learns so much every day. Because of this we sometimes forget he's still a child."With a soft hand Godric placed Yrrah on his bed, tucking the boy in and kissing his forehead. "I wish I could give him what he wants, but it isn't safe for him to go to earth. At least not until he can leave for Hogwarts were our wards will keep him somewhat safer.""You could give him a Christmas." Helga hinted. "It would mean a lot to him."Godric nodded. "I'll ask Row for books on the holiday and try the best I can."Helga closed the door while thinking to herself, 'It's still weird to see him this way.' With that thought she smiles and wanders off, leaving the father and son alone for the night.True to his word Godric arranges for them to have the first Christmas in Myth. The small family chooses to have a simple celebration where they exchange presents. Everyone pulls a name from a hat and then makes something special for that person.Yrrah was bouncing in his seat. He had pulled his father's name and, with the help of Dominic, created a magical sword with the engraving, 'Godric Gryffindor'. The stones in the hilt came from a mountain he had jumped to. Red and gold, just like his father's tunic."I want to give mine first." Godric said, passing a present to his older sister. "Here Row, this is yours."She opened the box and pulled out a tiara made from twigs. "Wicked witch of the south." Said a piece of parchment."Thanks Rick." Said the woman while the siblings laughed.Merlin noticed the pout on his grandson's face and sighed. Was it really too much to ask for one night with normal presents? He just hoped that the others... an explosion got his attention. Looking around he could see that Helga's face was covered with black dust and her hair was a mess while Salazar and Godric were laughing their asses off."I'm starting to hate this holiday." Groaned Helga pulling a rock out of the box in the shape of a reindeer.Merlin saw Yrrah wince at those harsh words.Helga got Salazar back with biting teeth while Rowena gave Merlin a book, how to get a decent witch.Merlin looked closer at the eight-year-old. Was that a tear slipping down Yrrah's face? While his children were laughing, Merlin made his way over to Yrrah, but before he reached the boy, he dashed out the room. Leaving four puzzled grown-ups behind."You couldn't act normal for one night." Merlin raised his voice with anger. "I'm disappointed in all of you. You knew how much this meant to Yrrah and you act like a group of toddlers. But don't listen to me. Here Godric, Yrrah made this for you. I hope you like it."Shoving the present in Godric's arms, Merlin ran after Yrrah.With shaking hands Godric opened the present. The sword was magnificent. "What have I done?" Godric groaned."We're all at fault brother." Salazar said. "Let's find Yrrah, see if we can apologize."The group found Merlin standing at the entry hall. "Where is Y?" Rowena asked."Gone," Merlin said with a glare."What do you mean gone?" Helga asked.Merlin walked towards the stairs. Shoulders slumped. "Yrrah wanted to be alone and I couldn't stop him. He promises me that he wouldn't go to the earth, so he took his horse and went to the Elves village instead. Dominic will take care of him. You truly messed up this time. I hope this was worth your laugh."Yrrah rode as fast as he could through the forest. Tears ran down his cheeks, but he refused to acknowledge them. How could they do this to him? All families showed their love to each other at Christmas time. Children gave their parents hugs and presents were given around. Why did they ruin his first Christmas?Feeling that he was gone far enough, he dismounted. Closing his eyes, he prayed for the tears to stop. He couldn't act like a child now! He has a destiny! People could die if he wasn't trained enough. He had read the books in the library and glimpsed the nervous looks in his family's eyes when they thought he wasn't looking.The wind began to blow as rain started to fall. "Stupid emotions." Muttered Yrrah, but then he felt something. A source of magic, calling him.He bound the reigns to a tree branch and started looking around. Yrrah found a nest with five eggs. Noticing the patterns decorating the eggs, Yrrah closed his eyes for a second to remember the meaning of them. "There are many kinds of phoenixes but the five most rare are water, earth, fire, air and the golden phoenix. They reflect their bonded who are always masters to one of the ten magical powers.Water phoenixes belong to the kind of person that likes to be left alone. While they love to have company, even encourage it, they feel better when they have alone time. They are very good listeners and their friends love them for that. If they were to choose, they would rather stay home and read then go out and be crazy. They are sometimes too involved in their studies and forget the world around them. Water phoenix are famous for their intelligent bonded. Possible magical powers are perfect memory or being able to speak every tongue.Earth phoenixes belong to humans with respect for the nature around them. They enjoy long walks through different environments, taking in the beauty of life. Their bonded can pack a bag and leave their life without that much regret, making it hard for them to get more than one close friend. Just like water phoenix, earth phoenixes are at peace when left alone, to work instead of study. Earth phoenixes are famous for their care for others, human or not. Possible magical powers are telepathic or Wandless magic.A fire phoenix is found mostly around dominate bonded. They love to show off their colors and are proud of their looks, loving to be the center of attention. They are brave but don't always stop to think about their actions. Fire phoenix are famous for their protective nature, they protect their loved ones with their life. Possible magical powers are creating of magical artefacts or jumping.Air phoenix chose to be close to the playful ones. Whether it's a prank or a party they are found surrounded by people laughing with them, using their powers more to play than for good. They would rather enjoy life than study or work making it hard to live with the water and earth phoenix. An air phoenix is most comfortable with other air and (sometimes with) fire phoenixes. Air phoenix are not scared to take a risk and are loyal to their true friends, whatever happens. Possible magical powers are shape shifter or healing.A golden phoenix has been spotted three times throughout history so not much is known about them or their bonded. They bond themselves with one person and never seek another companion. It was rumored that Merlin had a golden phoenix who was killed in a battle by Morgana, this was later proven untrue when they discovered that Merlin had a small dragon as familiar. The guess is they present the power of Elemental or wish magic, the two rarest powers.Every sort of phoenix has its own pattern on the egg telling the finder what kind of phoenix will be born. A phoenix will stay in the egg until a child who is pure of heart and mind, their bonded, touches their shell. This makes phoenix rare because only when a bonded touch the egg before he or she reaches maturity will the phoenix will be born." Yrrah told himself. "The phoenix learns about their bonded and will grow with them. They will teach them right from wrong, dark from light. Phoenixes are said to be immortal, only after a bonded die will the phoenix find a new companion, but they will never bond again. Until their bonded shows an act of maturity phoenixes is fragile and easy to kill."Opening his eyes again, Yrrah softly spoke. "The prophecy spoke of a child pure of heart, and if I am the chosen one... If I'm a bonded to one of you, you should open at my touch." Was it selfish to assume that he was that pure of heart to be chosen as a bonded? While his family was sure he was the chosen one from the prophecy of Morgana, Yrrah wasn't so sure yet. So, what if he's able to master all ten powers? Never before had a child grow up in Myth, maybe that is the reason.Well the books never said anything about being harmed if a child touched an egg. Only when you destroy one with the intention of hurting the baby birds. Those harming a baby phoenix in egg were stripped of their magic.Yrrah studied the eggs closer. The first one was a water phoenix, proven by the dark blue color with runes. The second looked like an earth phoenix, green brown with the runes completing it. The light blue egg with wind patterns on it should come from air phoenix and the red with gold a fire phoenix. The last was a white egg with silver piping. If he guessed correctly that was a golden phoenix egg, never found before or so the book had said..."The most logical answers for me would be Earth or Water, and of course, those two are both here. What do I enjoy more, study or work, listening or walking?" After a minute of consideration, Yrrah touched the green-brown egg. Nothing happened so he touched the blue egg, then the fire and air. "You've got to be kidding me." Yrrah whispered as he touched the white egg with silver. A pulse of magic filled him, and a warm light surrounded the eight-year-old.Covering his eyes to protect them, Yrrah didn't see the small bird climbing from his prison.Just uploaded an hour ago and already got a follower! Amazing! So, keep following and maybe leave a review?With love ShyLily

Disclaimer; I don't own anything. And thank you anyone who followed or favo-ed this story. Covering his eyes to protect them, Yrrah didn't see the small bird climbing from her prison."Don't be afraid my child." Spoke a voice filled with love. "The light is gone and nothing can harm you with me here. Tell me your name, child."Letting his hands fall, Yrrah saw the bird sitting in front of him. She was beautiful, her feathers were golden with the longer feathers in her wings having a soft touch of red, and her eyes were as green as his. "I'm Yrrah ma'am." He said ever so soft."Well Yrrah, my name is Éowyn, and you don't have to say ma'am to me little one." She rubbed her head against his cheek. "I can feel how powerful you are, the strength of your heart is pulling me closer to you but your emotions are all over the place blocking me from entering it yet. We're bonded my human. Do you know what that means or do you need me to explain?""I read about it." Yrrah said, enjoying the soft warm head against his cheek. "You and I are bonded now, right? So we'll be friends and play and you'll never leave me?""I'm yours as you're mine to protect." stated Éowyn with a nod. "We're one, so I can read your mind, as you can read mine. We're one until one of us passes to the other world.""But we're in the next world and you're immortal." Said Yrrah."Yes and no, I'll be immortal when you've reached maturity and while you can't die of age or diseases here, you can die in war. You can still be killed by others.""So I need to keep you safe until I'm seventeen." Yrrah said with a nod. "Uhm, I was going to the village.""I know, I have your memories." Éowyn said. "You could send me away so I could grow or what I would prefer, you could give me a place in your heart. We're one, I'm your guide as the days pass on will I train you.""I read about that." Clearing his mind of emotions, Yrrah concentrated on his connection with the bird who sent feelings of love and safety back. The feelings calmed him and the golden phoenix felt more like a part of him then a familiar. "You really want to stay close to me all the time?""I already am." A new warm feeling filled Yrrah as the light erupted again.In the village, Yrrah was greeted by a waiting Dominic. One of the elves came up to collect Yrrah's horse."There you are child," sighed Dominic as he eveloped Yrrah in an embrace, "I was worried when it took you so long to arrive but I can imagine you needed time to clear your head." Dominic frowned when he saw a golden glow in Yrrah's eyes but refrained himself from asking about it. "Come young warrior, lets get you settled in." The older warrior had taken a liking to the smaller boy soon after he had started his training. Yrrah had a feeling for weapons, give him a sword, bow and arrow or a dagger and after some hard training he would quickly have it mastered.After Yrrah had curled up on the small bed in the small cottage and was sleeping, Dominic sent a messanger to Merlin to let the older man know their charge was safe.Dominic's appreciation of Yrrah grew in the days the boy spent with him. Every morning he ran and practiced until it was time for his classes. The older humans were ignored and Yrrah jumped away to the secret training field that Dominic had showed him every time his family came to the village. Dominic could see the pain in Godric's eyes but it was nothing compared with the pain visible in Yrrah's green eyes when he looked at his family. That they had hurt the boy was clear, but Dominic didn't understand exactly why Yrrah was hurt. How could the boy be upset by a ruined holiday? It was just an earthly celebration."He has roots in three worlds." Merlin tried to explain when he visited a few days later. "Earth, us and the Elves. The others made fun of an important tradition of earth. Something Yrrah felt that he really needed to experience. The tradition shows how much family members love one another and by ruining it... what is the most logical explanation in an eight year olds mind?""That they don't love him." Concluded Dominic. "Did you know he's been speaking Elvish since he arrived? His pointy ears are hidden under his newly long hair and last night he prayed with us to Mother Nature. In our own language. I think Yrrah has difficulties with deciding which kin he belongs to. The Elves, who have adopted him as our own, you guys and his official earth roots. I think he's mostly confused where he belongs."Merlin nodded. "I understand your reasoning, and this is something Yrrah has to figure out on his own. Yrrah knows that we love him, deep down, he knows that. However, I don't think Yrrah wants to see anyone until he realizes it." Merlin said standing up. "Thank you, warrior Dominic, for taking care of my Grandson.""He's no trouble at all." The Elf gave the wizard a hand. "I'll see what I can do. Maybe put a good word in for you somewhere.""Don't pressure him." Merlin advised. "Yrrah will see right through it and will be gone faster than you can say 'sorry'.""I'll keep that in mind." Dominic said looking out the small window, where Yrrah was sitting on the grass. While it was winter on Earth, it was summer in Myth. It was warm so the grass was a bit yellow, except around Yrrah, around him there was the grass green and flowers blossoming. A golden mist surrounded him as he floated a few inch above the grass. "He's really a remarkable young man.""That he is." Merlin sent a look of longing at his grandson. "Keep him safe for me.""I will." Promised the Elf.The day after Merlin left, Dominic watched from that same window as the small boy used his sword against four older students. The telepathic gift gave him the advantage of knowing what the others were planning but he was still smaller and outnumbered. Usually he would manage for a few minutes before being over powered.However, something had happened in the last few days that seemed to make Yrrah stronger and more prepared. Yrrah was winning when a loud clash was heard from the center of the village. The group looked up, their swords raised in the direction of the crash."ATTACK! FIRE WOLF!" was shouted.Dominic ran toward the group, yelling, "You four, go help protect the village. Yrrah, go with the children.""But I want to help!" protested the youngest."No protesting." Yelled Dominic, pulling out his own sword. "I promised to protect you. Now GO!"Yrrah took two children by the hand and jumped to the training field where all of the children, woman and non-warriors were gathered. As time ticked by, more men left to help the warriors to protect their home village.The moment the last group of men disappeared, a new wolf appeared. Yrrah, being Yrrah, sent a call for help towards the village and castle before charging at the animal. He yelled in the wolfs language for it to leave them be."Watch out my child, it could hurt you." warned Éowyn."Whatever happens Éowyn, stay safe. It's an order." Yrrah commanded in his mind before speaking out loud. "Last warning. Leave now and I won't hurt you.""Why young speaker." Said the male. "We're hungry. Two female Elves and we'll take our leave. We won't even look at the children.""I will never sacrifice my family or close ones for the life of others." Growled Yrrah. "Leave while you can or I'll make you leave.""What do you think you can do youngster?" Growled the wolf, sending fire around them.Yrrah waved his sword, killing the flames with his elemental power. "Fire won't hurt me." The two maintained eye contact while they made attempts to get close enough to attack the other.The wolf jumped towards Yrrah, who stepped out of the way and pointed his sword in position. In that instant, Yrrah made a possibly fatal mistake, while focusing on the animal in front of him, he assumed that the others would warn him if any more dangers presented themselves. Yrrah would soon learn an important lesson, you should never trust someone else with your safety."WATCH OUT YRRAH!" Yelled Éowyn, but it was too late.As teeth sank into his right arm, his sword arm, this sword sank into the chest of the male. Releasing the sword, he used his wandless magic to blast the female wolf away from him. Once she no longer had her teeth in his arm he began throwing spells at her since his sword arm was now hanging uselessly at his side.Only when the fire wolf fell down and stayed down, did he stop. He looked at the assembled elves who were hugging each other. Yrrah made his way to the corpses using his left hand to remove his sword from the chest of the male fire wolf.Éowyn was shaking in fear inside him but somehow still managing to yell at the small boy for forgetting his surroundings.A panicked cry of, "Yrrah," quickly reached the boy's ears. Turning around, he saw a man standing on the edge of the woods. Yrrah let his sword fall and, cradling his arm, he ran towards his father."Dad!" sobbed the eight year old. "Dad!"Godric felt his heart beating erratically from fright when he saw the bloody figure of his son standing near two of the most dangerous creatures in Myth. Fire wolves killed everything in their path, two seasoned warriors were currently in critical condition after suffering burns from one. That Yrrah would be able to fight their fire with his elemental powers gave the brave knight no comfort at all.Yrrah, crying and bloody, jumped into his father's arms."Yrrah," sighed Godric, inhaling the scent of his son's hair. "Are you okay? Are you hurt?"Still sobbing Yrrah showed his father his injured arm."Oh Y." He rubbed the boy's back and planted a kiss on the boy's forehead. "HELGA! HERE! NOW!" Godric shouted. Within seconds, a group appeared from within the woods."Mom!" Yrrah yelled as he reached out for Rowena.She took the boy from Godric and started issuing orders, "Godric, you and Sal go help the Elves. Helga will help Yrrah. Merlin, go find your friend. I want to know what happened!""No daddy, don't leave me." Begged Yrrah, clinging to his mother.While he didn't want to leave his son in this condition, years of battle training let him no choice. "I'll be back soon Y." Godric promised. "I need to check on the others. I'll be back really soon. Promise, I won't be far."Helga gave the scared boy a calming draught that knocked him out. Now she could look at his injured limb without feeling as though her heart was being ripped out of her chest by the sobs of her nephew. Placing her hands around the wound, she let her magic flow. "There, all healed. He probably won't wake until the morning, but he'll be fine."Merlin changed the ripped Elven fabric that Yrrah wore into soft pyjamas with a small wave of his wand. "According to the witnesses, Yrrah killed the two fire wolves on his own." He said softly, "The first one with his sword and the second one by magic after his arm was injured.""He fought with honour, as my daughter told me." Elandorr said, "He spoke with the enemy, giving him a chance to back down before fighting with his sword rather than magic. Only when the second arrived and he was injured by the surprise attack, did he switch to magic. He fought as a warrior and he'll be rewarded as a warrior for saving the lives of my people."Godric came back, taking Yrrah from Rowena and laying the small head on his strong shoulder so the knight could feel the soft puffs of breath tickling his neck. "I'm sure he'll be honored, but I'm taking my son home for the night. The situation in the village is under control."Merlin looked at "Helga, Sal, I need you two to stay here for a while. Help the elves who are injured."The two nodded and went with Elandorr back to the village. Dominic pushed one of Yrrah's teachers to Godric. "I'm Onur, I would like to offer my services to bring Yrrah home so he can lie in his own bed.""Onur is Yrrah's jump teacher." Dominic said.Godric accepted the ride and within seconds he was standing in front of the castle. After thanking the Elf, he walked to his own bedroom.Never before had the Gryffindor felt as scared as he did when he saw Yrrah standing there with blood everywhere. Power was radiating off him and somehow, the knight knew that Yrrah has only used a part of his powers to end both wolves.Yrrah was a warrior now, there was no denying it. His sword had tasted blood of an enemy, it had taken a life.Placing the small eight year old on his chest, Godric drifted off to sleep. His dreams featuring an older Yrrah, standing next to him in times of battle.Yrrah did look good in an armor, decided the father, he would be more protected that way aswell.The older ones were worried about how clingy Yrrah became the day following the attack, but Yrrah was a Gryffindor at heart, like his dad, so he had turned around by the second day. On that day, Yrrah started to train again.Godric, was awoken on the fourth day by the wards on Yrrah's room going off, telling the father his son left the room. The sun was climbing but hadn't yet reached the top of the forest trees. Yrrah started his run around the lake, his chest and feet bare, sword strapped around his back.The small boy flat out refused to talk about either of the fights, with his family about Christmas and with the fire wolfs. Dominic and Elandorr visited on the sixth day, bringing the news that the village was recovering and expressing their worry for Yrrah. Yrrah nodded, thanked them for their concern but quickly stated that he was fine and started training again."Your son trained hard before but now…" Dominic said to Godric while they watched from a window how Yrrah blasted transformed rocks into pieces, wincing from the blast of the explosion. Yrrah created an illusion of dragons, sending them towards some rock's as a diversion and while sending fire and ice around them as an attack. "I have never seen so much power in one living being. He was holding back before.""This was the first time he had to use his training." Godric softly replied, wincing when he saw some rocks clip Yrrah and bloody scratches appear. A second later no wounds were visible. "I can only guess how it changed him. We agreed not to interfere until he goes too far.""I have known Yrrah for eight winters now, I've seen him grow in earth years and learn in myth years." Said Elandorr, "It's so easy to forget he's only eight in mind and body."Rowena joined them, "Merlin told me your ritual of a warrior." Was softly said. "It means that they will blood adopt Yrrah.""This ritual." Godric asked. "It will help my son fulfil his destiny?"Elandorr nodded. "Every Elf, once awarded warrior status, will be adopted by his, or her, master. With that he'll receive a power boost and earn his armor.""Just what we need, an even stronger Yrrah." Salazar groaned, walking up with Helga. "He's sweeping the floor with me since he mastered the Elementals, but I sometimes manage to almost win.""Uhm Sal dear," Helga said a bit hesitant. "Yrrah is holding back afraid he'll hurt any of you. I guess he means to preserve you guys' self-esteem as well.""You mean that my eight year old doesn't royally kick my ass because he's afraid to hurt my feelings?" Screeched Godric. "Ooh that's way too Hufflepuff for me to handle."Both witches looked angry at the knight. "You better not let him hear that." Rowena scowled. "He's scared enough as it is. Thinking he let you down may be the thing that breaks the little guy.""Besides that, what's wrong with being a Puff?" Helga demanded to know. "At least he's loyal and a hard worker. I would love to see him sorted into my house.""Those houses, Yrrah told me about them but I don't really understand." Dominic never looked away from his honorable nephew, the eight year old had put his powers to rest and was meditating in the field. It still amazed the warrior how the nature surrounding him changed every time Yrrah pulled that golden mist around him. "What is needed to be sorted into a particular house?""Merlin sorts the new students, on the first of September on earth, Merlin meditates and becomes a hat that can see the real child" Salazar explained. "He sings some song to them, explaining the houses. It changes every year but comes down to this:You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;Said Gryffindor, "We'll teach all thoseWith brave deeds to their name."By Gryffindor, the bravest werePrized far beyond the rest;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Said Hufflepuff, "I'll teach the lotAnd treat them just the same."For Hufflepuff, hard workers wereMost worthy of admission;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;For Ravenclaw, the cleverestWould always be the best;Said Ravenclaw, "We'll teach those whoseIntelligence is surest."Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folks use any meansTo achieve their ends.And power-hungry SlytherinLoved those of great ambition.Said Slytherin, "We'll teach just thoseWhose ancestry's is purest.""So summarized." Rowena said quickly. "Students of Gryffindor are typically brave, daring, and chivalrous, Ravenclaw students tend to be clever, witty, intelligent, and knowledgeable, Hufflepuff students are friendly, fair-minded, modest, and hard-working and Slytherin is known for their cunning and ambitions. On earth Slytherin is known for their darkness but that is because of an incorrect translation. Sal once said, "I'll teach just those whose ancestry is purest." He meant with ancestry the up bring, he wanted children from a proper home who he doesn't have to teach how to behave. Sal never liked to raise children, even with Yrrah, he's an uncle.""But an awesome Uncle." grumbled the Slytherin, his arms crossed."I see," smiled Elandorr, "And Yrrah fits in all those houses? Where will he end up?"Helga took this question. "If a student fits in more than one house, which is more often than not, Merlin looks at which quality the student likes the most about him- or herself, these are mostly muggleborn students. Magical raised students find it important to end up in the same house as their parents or siblings. In some families it's really important. One example is the Black family, except for one they all went to Slytherin for centuries, not because they're all that cunning but because they literally begged to be sorted there. However, about two earthly decades ago young Sirius Black didn't care about his family's wishes and ended up in Gryffindor. From what Merlin read of his brothers mind a few years later, Sirius was disowned and cast out the family for joining Gryffindor.""For being brave instead of cunning?" Dominic asked unbelieving. "Earthlings are strange beings.""Hey!" protested Godric. "My son is an earthling.""And yet has only one memory of the place he's from." Dominic reacted. "Merlin told me that Yrrah has three roots, earth, Myth and Elf, so two-thirds weird and the elvish part is normal.""Dream on my friend, dream on." Laughed Godric.That evening, after Dominic and Elandorr took their leave, an exhausted Yrrah made his way into the great hall. His hair was wet from his shower and the group noticed it was shorter. He wore his light blue elves robes with his sword at his side.After everyone was seated and had a plate in front of them, spoke Merlin up. "Yrrah, do you remember when we discussed blood adoption?"The eight year old sent his father a withered look, while sprinkling his vegetable porridge with a potion of his own design, one that made everything taste better. "Of course, the day my name went from just Yrrah to Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon Gryffindor Ravenclaw Hufflepuff Slytherin Emrys isn't something I would easily forget, even without my eidetic memory.""Well, I…" Helga coughed and Merlin corrected himself. "We know that you don't like to talk about it but the elves want to honour you by making you an elf warrior. Every warrior is adopted by his teacher and Dominic has offered to be the main teacher representing you."Merlin studied Yrrah's face but couldn't see any clear emotions. Ever since Yrrah killed the fire wolf, he kept his emotions behind a mask when it was a serious situation. Dominic said he saw the determination first when he started training after 'Christmas', but now it was constant. It gave everyone the creeps, seeing the eight year old without his usual smile. "Being adopted by the elves will give you another power boost, mostly in the powers you've been taught by the Elves themselves. Besides that, receiving the warrior title is an honor. I know going to the village is the last thing you probably want right now…""I'll go." Yrrah said with a soft voice, taking a bite of his steak.Four voices spoke at once. "You will?""But you… and I… Scared… You… hurt…" Godric stuttered before he gave up with a confused "huh?""I'm might just be eight, but I have a responsibility, not just to some people, but to an entire planet." Yrrah said, refusing to look into anyone's eyes, choosing to look outside instead. "I know that, I know the prophecies, I know that one day I'll have to put an end to dark lord Tom Riddle. I'm not stupid, I've researched every book since you guys told me about my destiny. I don't know everything, but I have to work with what I have." The last words were whispered before the boy continued this time looking up into the eyes of the others. "But the first time I had to prove myself, the first time I was in danger, I failed. I got hurt and after that I started acting like the child I still am. I was angry at myself for letting my shield down. I know I have to be brave to fulfill my destiny, I'm sorry if my reaction afterwards disappointed you." He raised his hand when Rowena looked like interrupting. "Let me finish. I was meditating when I realized something. I blamed myself for being scared, I asked myself how can I save people, kill Tom Riddle, if I run crying to my dad after, refusing to let him go? Then I realized I'm still eight. So, it's sort of okay to be afraid, that was the first time I was scared and in danger. While watching my window last night, I saw children my age run crying towards their parents for scratches or mean words. I can only imagine how they would react after almost being killed and severely injured. It was awful, but I learned a lot that day so I'm kind of glad it happened. I don't think I'll not be scared next time either but that's okay because I'm eight and I'm not planning on turning into a cold hearted killer anyway. That doesn't mean I don't need every advantage I can get though."His family stared at Yrrah with their mouth hanging open.Rowena was the first to collect her thoughts. "You sound older than Merlin when you speak that way.""How in the name of Merlin's curly nose hair did you got from a child to this?" Sal said ignoring Merlin's glare.Yrrah send the group a grin. "I found my patronus and moral guide, the last few days I've been training with the help of some sort of guide.""You can't mean…" Merlin whispered.Yrrah smiled. "I want you guys to meet my familiar." A golden Phoenix, who couldn't be older than a few weeks, flashed next to Yrrah, the eight year old petting the magnificent bird and allowing the golden creature to take its place on his shoulder. The bird rubbing her head against Yrrah's cheek. "Her name is Éowyn, she appeared that first night I stayed in the village.""And you didn't mention this before because?" Godric asked.Yrrah looked at Éowyn, they seemed to have a silent conversation before Yrrah answered, "She's still a bit upset at me for ordering her to stay safe so she's been ordering me around and the last few days I was too tired to speak. That and she's angry at you guys for Christmas," Éowyn nudged him with her head. "and at me for getting myself hurt, she's a bit protective.""And don't you forget that." Said she, the others could only hear the phoenix singing."I take it you've already mastered the transition into one being?" asked Merlin,Yrrah looked confused. "Éowyn and I have been one since we met. The only way I could keep her safe and hidden from everyone, until she had grown, is to carry her in my heart. The transition is natural for us, what's there to master?""So let me summarize, I thought I would have to deal with a scared nephew/son but I find myself replaced." Salazar said huff. "Well I know my place."Éowyn chirped a new song, which Yrrah translated. "Éowyn wants me to tell you no one will be replaced, we're one and I'm still the same but I'll have a guide now. She won't come between us.""I'm glad Yrrah." Rowena pulled the boy on her lap. "Uncle Sal will turn around quickly, I remember when I found my familiar, it was an owl and I've never felt more complete than with her by my side.""Where is she now mom?" Yrrah asked curious while suppressing a yawn."When I died she followed me in my heart, I still hear her when I need someone." Rowena smiled softly rocking and rubbing her sons back. "The same happened with your dad and grandpa. Uncle Sal misses his Snackey, that's why he's acting like an old grump.""I'm not!" protested the Slytherin."You so are!" Godric smiled. "Enough about that, tomorrow we'll go to the village and…" a glance to his sleeping son made him softly laugh. "I'll take him, you should stop over exhausting him." He said, directing a scowl at Éowyn. Lifting Yrrah into his arms, the knight couldn't help but smile when his son turned in his arms to place his ear against Godric's heart.Éowyn flew up, changed into a light that surrounded Yrrah, before vanishing. Godric discovered a small birthmark of Éowyn had appeared on Yrrah's chest as he changed his son into a pair of pajamas."I'm proud of you my boy." Godric whispered before tucking him in.Yrrah was running around, Éowyn flying around him. Laughter sounded throughout the forest as Yrrah pushed the air around him so his feet left the ground."It's been a long time since he looked so care free." Helga mused. "We should have seen it, the tight training program, the longing look at other children. No wonder that Yrrah forgot he's still a child.""He needs those lessons to defeat my heir." Salazar said with a downfallen look. "I will never forgive myself is Yrrah gets hurt because we failed to teach him.""Yrrah hasn't really lost a magical battle since two winters ago." Said Godric. "He'll be deathly with a sword one day, he's too small to harm someone yet but when he's older…""Éowyn will help him find the child in himself." Rowena decided. "I won't send a completely matured child to Hogwarts. They'll think he's not been properly raised. They could try to take him away from us.""I would like to see them try." Salazar snorted.Helga swatted the back of his head. "This is serious. We know that Yrrah can jump back when he wants from where he is but do you think that Yrrah would consider going back to earth if they want to keep him from us. Remember how long it took to convince Yrrah that he needs to live up to the prophecies?""I know." Salazar admitted. "I don't understand children. One moment he doesn't want to go back to earth because he doesn't feel he belongs there and doesn't want to miss us and the next day he is begging us to let him go.""Yrrah wants the best of both worlds, he sees the children of earth and wants the same but with us there with him. He doesn't care where he is, myth of earth. The boy wants us and children his age." Merlin explained. "Hopefully for the next five years Éowyn will be enough.""Myth years right?" Godric asked insecure. "Because I promised him he could go when he turns eleven.""Myth years, the day after Yrrah's eleventh birthday he will leave for earth." Spoke Merlin softly. The twinkle in his eyes appeared as they heard childish giggling."Stop Éowyn that tickles." Laughed Yrrah, the boy was laying in the grass and his phoenix was poking his sides.Godric suppressed the urge to join his son and cleared his throat. "Y, we're nearing the village. It's time to change and time for Éowyn to go to safety.""Okay dad." Yrrah giggled looking at Éowyn before the light surrounded Yrrah and the phoenix was gone. The father helped Yrrah out of the warrior tunic and into the ceremonial elf robes. The robes were light blue/silver with soft sandals and a special place for his sword, bow and arrow so they were there but not in sight.As if he weighed nothing, Yrrah was lifted onto Godric's shoulders. "We don't want your new clothing get dirty." Said Godric holding onto Yrrah's ankles."But dad, that's what cleaning spells are for.""Just let me do this okay Y?" Godric said. "I have a hard time seeing you grow older and not needing me anymore now you have Éowyn."Yrrah rested his cheek on the top of Godric's head. "Dad, I'll always need you." Said Yrrah. "Éowyn is a part of me, she can't replace people, she just makes me more… me. I will always need my dad.""When I got Simba, I went with him, leaving my home." Admitted Godric. "I don't regret my decision but I don't want you to do the same.""Dad, Simba is a part of you and knows how you feel." Yrrah explained, not noticing that the other members of the family were listening to the conversation. "Éowyn and Simba give advice based on those feelings. You weren't happy and that is why Simba took you away from your muggle parents. You were really lucky that Merlin found out about your powers and Arthur didn't mind you living in the castle. Deep inside you know that. Éowyn would only encourage me to leave if my family was a danger to me, which you aren't. Anyway, I love you too much to consider leaving""Thanks Y, I needed to hear that." Godric whipped his eyes, "I love you too buddy."A shout of "YRRAH!" had six faces turning. Maeghen, Elandorr's daughter and his shape shifting teacher ran towards the group. Godric placed Yrrah on his feet only to catch him again when the woman ran into him. "I was so worried. How is your arm? Are you hurt anywhere? Elandorr told me you've been training harder. Aren't you going too far?" she pulled him back to run her hand through his raven black hair.Yrrah collected the questions in his head and answered them one for one. "Take a breath Mae. I'm fine, healed, your dad is right I've been training harder, but I'm making sure that I'm not going too far."After a confused look, Yrrah was pulled back into her embrace. "Don't scare me like that ever again young man."Together the group made their way into the village, while they walked past the elven stopped and stared at Yrrah with admiration. The smaller boy didn't like the staring crowd and leaned against his dad."Don't be afraid Yrrah," Godric said softly while ruffling Yrrah's hair.Yrrah looked up. "Why are they looking at me like that dad? Is it because my hair is shorter now? Or my ears?""They are curious my boy." Whispered Godric with a reassuring smile. "They want to see the boy that protected the village.""I don't like it." Yrrah wrinkled his nose. "I'm still the same boy I was a few weeks ago.""It's something you never get used to but a true knight learns to ignore it." Godric's arm was wrapped over Yrrah's shoulders pulling the boy close. "I can only imagine how the people on earth will react when they discover your true heritage. Trust me, it will be worse than this."They arrived at the middle of the village and Godric gave Yrrah a little push in the back so the eight year old walked to Elandorr and Dominic.When everyone from the village surrounded the sacred tree, Elandorr gestured for everyone to sit. Yrrah sat down meditation style before Elandorr and Dominic while the others surrounded them in a circle."Young Yrrah has proved himself worthy of the title of warrior." Elandorr didn't raise his voice, the village was silent enough. "He'll receive the honor he deserves, his teachers blood and a warrior name. Do you accept young Yrrah?""I accept." Yrrah looked in Dominic's eyes who smiled at him.Dominic pulled his dagger from his belt giving it to Elandorr, who cut Dominic's palm open before moving on to Yrrah's hand. Neither one made a sound when the sharp knife opened the skin, both occupied looking into the other eyes."Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family." Spoke Dominic softly in old Elvish, the ceremonial Sindarin language, while holding his bleeding hand against Yrrah's hand."Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family." Said Yrrah back, a glow surrounded Yrrah, making Dominic let go and everyone gasp. It was normal for a new warrior to be surrounded by a silver glow, as bright as the strength of a warrior, however, the golden glow around Yrrah was so bright everyone had to shield their eyes.When the light disappeared, everyone watched the young Yrrah stand in his Elvin robes with mithril shirt under the robes and sword on his hip. Every warrior received an armor of mithril, they always wore them under their clothing in case there wasn't time to suite up. Mithril was light to carry and not even a magical sword could go through it.Golden bracelets protected Yrrah's wrist, and shoulder pads rested on his shoulders.Next to Godric snorted Merlin. "Of course, our Yrrah would be different than everyone else.""To be fair Mer," said Rowena. "Yrrah carries the power from being the chosen one, from the kings, from our adoptions, from Éowyn and now from Dominic. It makes sense that Yrrah is more powerful than any before."Godric and Salazar groaned. "We're so getting our asses kicked."Helga swatted the back of their heads. "Be quiet or I'll send Yrrah at you two." She threatened.Everyone looked back to Elandorr when he continued. "As the tradition stands the warrior gets a new name, with the first letter the same as his last name. The names will be given by his teacher and the leader of the village. Magic chooses a first letter, the higher in the order the more powerful the warrior is, the golden glow tells us that his first letter will be A. The most powerful of all.""As my name is Elandorr Ethuil, meaning light spring, I give you the first name, Aran, king in the language of our people, for one day you'll sit on the throne of magic.""As my name is Dominic Dagor, for our guests that means lord of the battle, I award you the last name Arvellas, what means noble strength in the language of our people, for I know you'll always use your powers for good.""Warrior Aran Arvellas. May your strength of heart always be pure." Elandorr smiled. "I'narr en gothrim glinuva nuin I'anor." And let the bones of our foes gleam under the sun."Diola lle, Heruamin." Yrrah said with a smile and a small bow. Thank you, my Lord. It was a strange to call the elf Lord but the time called for it."Tanya farnuva." Smiled Elandorr. That will suffice. "Now, let's eat!"Yrrah was snuggled against his father's chest, he had fallen asleep during the feast that ended not even a hour before sunrise. Dominic had offered his cabin for the night but the family wanted to get home."What a night." Smiled Helga. "And that Alanah? Wow that Elf can drink!""Alanah? Isn't that Y's telepathic teacher?" Rowena asked, Godric nodded. "He's a warrior too with an A. Is he as strong as Yrrah?""Not really." Merlin said. "I asked Elandorr about it. The only time a warrior gets a new name is when he proves himself in battle. Just six elves at this moment have been given the honor of receiving a new name. Elandorr, Dominic, Onur, Yrrah and two others. The other warriors don't have the same letter for their first and last name. It's not allowed to give a child a name with the same first letter as your last name.""How do you prove yourself in battle?" asked Rowena.This time it was Godric who answered. "A true knight has proven himself when the fight was battled with honor and he protected of the pure and innocent." When the group looked at him disbelieve, he shrugged his shoulder. "I was raised as a knight by Arthur. Dominic and I looked at the difference between a human-knight and an Elf-warrior."Merlin looked intrigued. "And?""There were not that many differences. The rules and traditions are mostly the same, but with the elves you get a higher standing based on your magical power and winnings. With humans it is by birthright."They left the trees behind and walked into the entrance hall. The family parted, leaving for their own private quarters.Day's turned to weeks, weeks to months and months to years. Everyday Yrrah learned something new, there weren't enough books to keep him busy and his training was even harder than before. However, this time the family made sure Yrrah never forgot to have fun once a while.Éowyn was now a fully grown phoenix, watching and training Yrrah through games.Then it was the twentieth of August. Onur had jumped to earth one day to enroll Yrrah and have his name added to the list to attend Hogwarts that September.Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon was born in Britain, 31th of July, and adopted on Halloween a year later when his parents abandoned him. Hogwarts student Mr. Pendragon, a look alike of Godric, was raised on a private island, with private tutors. The deputy headmistress asked why they had chosen Hogwarts. The real reason was that Yrrah knew the castle inside and out and the protection his family could give him, but they could hardly say that. So, she was told that Yrrah was coming to Hogwarts to be around children his own age who could speak English. She never wondered why Yrrah didn't go to America or Australia.On Yrrah's eleventh birthday the whole family and Dominic went for a horseback ride, it was the last time he would see the landscape for a while.The night before Yrrah would go back to the earth he crawled into his father's bed. Godric didn't say anything, just wrapped an arm around his son, keeping him close.Éowyn couldn't been seen by the earthlings, they might take her away and staying in Yrrah's heart for a whole year wasn't an option. She had to stay behind until the actual fight would come. Then she would flash herself to Yrrah.Helga was the first to hug Yrrah goodbye. Kissing her nephew on the forehead before Sal stole the boy. "The house of Snakes would be honored to have you there if you should change your mind." Whispered Salazar in his ear. "Also, don't forget to register your mastery with the ministry. Never forget your potions before going to bed. Never go with strangers. Oh, and don't take any potions you didn't make yourself.""I get it uncle Sal." Yrrah said with a nervous smile. "I'll miss you too."The Slytherin huffed. "I don't miss children." He said. "They make noise, are irritating, don't clean up their own messes…""We get it." Merlin pulled Yrrah away. "But your uncle is right about the first few things, and if you think that one of the sides has found out what your destiny is or you don't feel safe, come back to us. Don't be brave like your father, you come straight home.""Thanks Grandpa." The young warrior was standing before Dominic and Elandorr with a slight bow. "Lissenen ar' maska'lalaith tenna' lye omentuva." Spoke he, an official elf farewell, Sweet water and light laughter till next we meet."Amin sinta thaliolle e dagor." Said Elandorr. I've seen your strength in battle. "You'll be fine young warrior. Tenna' ento lye omenta." Until we meet again.Looking up to his master, Yrrah hesitated a moment before hugging the man. "I'll keep practising, I promise.""I know you will Warrior Aran." Dominic said, running a hand through the now light brown hair. The eyes, now piercing blue, showed one tear. "Don't cry Yrrah. You'll be fine. It will be summer again before you know it."Nodding Yrrah went towards his mother's arms. "Be good, my little prince," Whispered Rowena. "and come home safe.""For me it's a whole year, for you it will be two years before we see each other again. I don't think I can handle missing you for so long mom.""Everything will be fine." Reassured the mother, placing a hand on the small chest. "We'll be here with you. Study hard, but don't forget to have fun to.""I will mom.""Good boy." Rowena kissed his cheek. "Now, go to your father."Godric didn't say anything, just picked the eleven year old up as if he was a toddler again. Yrrah wrapped his arms around the knights neck, resting his head on the strong shoulder. After a few seconds his father's voice broke the silence. "Just… come back to me.""I will dad.""It's time warrior Aran." Maeghen softly pulled him away holding his left hand. Onur rested his hands on his shoulders but Yrrah only had eyes for his family. Small tears travelled down his cheeks.A flash of white light surrounded them and Yrrah felt his feet leaving the floor, leaving his home, leaving his family.Well that was it for today.I want to thank everyone who followed and or favorite this story and a special thanks for the reviewers!

Disclaimer; still don't own anything.Don't know if it was clear but the reason Maeghen is going with Yrrah, it's because the founders can't travel to earth. Maeghen is the daughter of the village leader and goes to earth to trade with the goblins.After a few seconds, Yrrah felt his feet connect with the floor again.Opening his eyes, the eleven-year-old found himself in a basic looking muggle living room. He watched Onur crashed down on the couch and Maeghen covered him with a blanket."Where are we?" asked Yrrah looking around. It looked like a normal house like he had seen so often through his magical window."A small wizard village not far from London, which is the main capital of this country." Maeghen explained. "We use this house to rest when we're travelling to the earth. Your dad was actually born here, that's why they call it Godric's Hollow, and it's one of the few wizard villages left in Britain. " After making sure that Onur was okay, she grabbed an outfit and two robes and after Yrrah changed into earth clothing, Maeghen helped Yrrah put his robe on. "Tomorrow, we'll go to Gringotts and buy the remaining school supplies you need. That will give us the rest of the week to get you familiar with humans, you need to learn their ways before you go to school.""Do I really have to wear this?" Yrrah looked down at the black robes, "I don't like the feeling of these materials, Maeghen.""I'm afraid so." The Elven shape shifter made her ears round and her face more human-like. "We need to fit in Y, no one can know about us. The magic community would never leave us alone."Yrrah played with his robes. "I know.""Now, why don't you go and explore the village?" asked Maeghen. "Onur is going to sleep the rest of the day and I am going to clean up the place."Yrrah shrugged his shoulders and waved his hand, cleaning the house without a thought."Okay, maybe I don't have to clean." Mumbled Maeghen."Can I still go out?" asked Yrrah."Off course, just be back for dinner." Maeghen frowned. "Do you have a watch or something to read the time? Do you even know how to read time?""Grandpa taught me." Nodded Yrrah. "We don't really use time in the sense as 'dinner at 6' but mom and dad would use time as 'an hour after sunrise'.""So, if I say be at home at half past six for dinner, you can do that?" asked Maeghen. Yrrah nodded and quickly left. There was something that he always wanted to try out. He had seen the playgrounds from his mirror, and he always wanted to try those constructions.It wasn't much later that he found a magical playground. For the first time in his life Yrrah found himself playing on what one child had called, a magic swing. Yrrah found that he really liked it, it was as close as flying as he would probably get during the next few months.Yrrah breathed in the earth-air, smelling the still wet grass, someone was making breakfast and only a little bit of magic.The little magic made the air better for the elves, who felt weak without the magic from Myth. Yrrah, having lived his whole live breathing in that same air, feeling that same magic, was also used to it. Without it, it felt harder to breath.Fortunately, Salazar had designed a potion for Yrrah to help his breathing, knowing that the lack of magic would be a problem for his nephew.Even with the special potion Yrrah could feel the difference. While in Myth the air itself felt alive, like a part of the great one, of everything. A breath, in Myth, gave you a warm feeling, a sense that you're not alone.A breath here, was just a breath, just air. Necessary, yes, but it was nothing more. It made Yrrah feel cold, alone and incomplete. He shuddered.He kept swinging up high before falling back, sometimes on the highest point he jumped off, using the wind to land softly on his feet.He watched children run around, parents watching over them or chatting. Most of the children who were running around were nowhere near Hogwarts age, except for one boy. He was just sitting on the swing, not moving.Yrrah switched to the swing next to the boy. "Hi, I'm Yrrah."The boy looked surprised that Yrrah sat down next to him. "I… I'm Neville, uhm… Neville Longbottom.""I've been wanting to try that thing." Yrrah pointed at the balance scale. "But you need two people for it, you want to try it out?""The seesaw?" Neville looked unsure but shrugged and stood up. "Yeah we can try it."They sat down and as Yrrah pushed himself up, Neville went down. "Okay, this is less fun than I imagined." Admitted Yrrah after a few bounces. "How old are you Neville?""I just turned eleven." Admitted Neville."So, did I," smiled Yrrah. "Does that mean you're going to be at Hogwarts this year too?""Yeah first year, my family didn't know if I would get my letter, but it came on my birthday." Neville smiled back. "My uncle gave me a toad to celebrate and my godmother is taking me to get a plant I've been wanting to get. What did you get for your acceptance letter?""Uh, I didn't get something special." Admitted Yrrah. "Well, I got a trunk and other stuff I need for school. Is it normal in England to get a present when you go to school?""Uhm I… I think it is." Stuttered Neville. "What do you mean… are you not from England?""No, well yes, I was born here but I've lived in a private island with my family since I was a baby." Explained Yrrah. "It's my first time outside of my village. My parents allowed me to go here a week before Hogwarts starts to get my finances and to get used to the customs here.""Oh, that's pretty cool." Stated Neville.Yrrah shrugged. "What house do you think you're going to be in?""My parents and godmother were all in Gryffindor, but I'm glad about any house that's willing to take me." Admitted Neville shyly."The way they sort us takes into account the house we prefer." Confessed Yrrah. "So, do you wish to be in Gryffindor like your family? It would be awesome to already know someone in my dorm. I want to be a lion.""I'm not sure I'm brave enough." mumbled Neville."You don't have to feel brave to be brave." sighed Yrrah. "I got injured by a wild animal and I was so scared, afterwards they all said that I was so brave, and I felt like a liar. But I learned later that bravery is different for everyone. Besides, I know that Gryffindor himself was very afraid of mouse. So much he even had Hufflepuff called to remove one from the great hall.""Really?" the nervous boy let out a small chuckle."Really.""Neville! Are you coming for dinner?" called a woman long dark red hair, piercing green eyes and dressed in a muggle dress from the edge of the playground. When she noticed that the two were talking, she came over. "Neville, who is your friend?""Yrrah, ma'am.""We'll be hopefully sharing a dorm at Gryffindor for the next seven years aunt Lily." Smiled Neville. "Yrrah, this is my godmother, Lady Lily Potter.""It's a pleasure to meet you Lady Potter." Yrrah stood up and bowed. Remembering the name from his history lessons as one of the Earls of magic and a light family for years."No need to be so formal, a friend of Neville is a friend of ours." beamed Lily. "Do you live in Godric's Hollow Yrrah?""No ma'am, my uhm… teachers have this place they stay in when they have to do business in London." Explained Yrrah. "I will be staying there until the first of September.""Well if you and Neville ever want to hang out together, Neville can floo over to us," offered Lily. "I remember when I went to Hogwarts, how great it felt knowing I had a friend in my year.""I'll be going over to Gringotts in the morning," stated Yrrah looking at Neville. "But maybe you can show me around the magical shopping district? If you like?""I'll have to ask grandmother, but I would like too." Nodded Neville."Actually, your grandma floo-ed, your uncle still needs help tonight." Interrupted Lily, "So you'll be staying with us for another night. I think I need some shopping. You boys can go around Diagon Alley if you want.""I'll see you tomorrow then Yrrah?" asked Neville, hopeful."Sounds good." Nodded Yrrah, "Shall I send you a Patronus when I'm done?""Patronus?""Isn't that a way of communication here?" wondered Yrrah, he waved the mock wand that he got from his father. "Expecto Patronus," A phoenix appeared and landed on Yrrah's arm. "Tell Neville; See you tomorrow."The phoenix flew over to Neville, floated before the boy and in Yrrah's voice stated, 'see you tomorrow.'"That's awesome, I've never seen this spell." Stated Neville in awe."I'll teach you." Promised Yrrah."You have amazing control of your magic for one so young." Lily frowned. "I learned the Patronus spell in seventh year and even then, we didn't learn how to communicate with it.""I'm blood adopted into a powerful family." Explained Yrrah. "So, with more family magic, I had to learn quick before I hurt someone."She nodded. "So, you're an heir." She concluded. Seeing Yrrah's confused face she explained. "In Britain it's illegal to perform a blood adoption. That is, except for Lords and then only on an orphan. That way when a Lord can't produce a proper heir the blood adoption makes sure that when the lord dies the family magic and the house wouldn't die out too.""Oh. I didn't know that." Frowned Yrrah thinking of the elves and adoption by teachers. "I wasn't raised here. In my country it's normal, I think. I know a few others who are blood adopted and those families are normal.""What family do you belong to?" asked Neville. "I'm heir to the Longbottom family.""Pendragon." Stated Yrrah. "From my adoptive father.""Pendragon." Said the lady disbelieving, Yrrah pointed at the crest on his right shoulder to confirm it. "It's a pleasure meeting you Scion Pendragon.""Lady Potter, heir Longbottom, it was a pleasure, but I have to return home for dinner before I'm missed." Yrrah smiled. "I will see you tomorrow?""Just send the Patronus when you're done at the bank." Stated Lily, "We should go too Nev, James is waiting for us as well."It was a slightly less worried Yrrah that was seated at the dinning table. At least he was going to Hogwarts knowing one-year mate and hopefully a friend.Yrrah was once again plucking at his robes, wondering if he could put on his usual tunic and just glamour over it. That should work, right?"Aran, stop it." Maeghen rolled her eyes. "It is just for today, you can buy some different robes today. Don't be such an elfling. You are just as bad as Onur."Onur looked up from where he was plucking at his hat. "But it's really itchy.""Both off you, shut up." Maeghen checked her pockets for the last time. "Okay, we should go, the bank opens in fifteen minutes. Who is going to take me along?""I will." Onur stated. "Yrrah, I want you to jump a few times on this world before you take someone along. It's different here."Yrrah nodded and let Onur jump first before jumping to him. They landed in a small alley and before they moved on Maeghen stopped to pull the hood from his robe over Yrrah's head. "We're going into Diagon Alley now. Don't let go of my hand okay Y? Oh, and don't look up. At the bank you're not allowed to hide your true face. They know who I am but not you. Change back to your normal face and don't show it."Onur smiled down. "Don't worry, the goblins like us. After we explain it, I'm sure you can put back your normal face.""Sure." Yrrah's hair changed to black, green eyes and his face rounded. "It's cold here.""Come here child." Maeghen took Yrrah by the hand keeping him close. "A warrior you may be, but you're still a child in a new world and even I have never gotten used to the air of earth."Yrrah nodded and let himself be pulled through the streets. Not daring to look up at the different shops or people."You can look now." Said Onur.They were standing before a white building. Two goblins, Yrrah had read about them in his books, opened the doors to let them in.Maeghen walked towards the first desk, still holding Yrrah's hand. "I have an appointment with Ragnok." She said in the no-nonsense voice she normally only uses during the more dangerous classes."Very well." Said the Goblin. "Griphook will escort you to your destination."A small goblin made his way towards them, "Please follow me." He growled and walked away. Without saying a word, the trio made their way through the maze called Gringotts. Finally, the goblin, Griphook stopped. "Knock before enter. Have a nice day.""Thank you Griphook." Said Maeghen kindly before knocking on the door.A harsh voice yelled "Come in." and Maeghen once again pulled the boy with her. "Elf Maeghen, elf Onur. It's been a long time. However, I got reports that Onur has been spotted at the leaky cauldron?""I had to take care of other business, Goblin King Ragnok." Stated Onur politely."And I am sorry it has been a while." Maeghen looked apologetic. "There have been some changes in the village making it harder for me to leave." Turning to Yrrah she explained. "I've been handling business with earth for a while now, since the passing of my mother.""I was so sorry to hear about Lady Gilrin," Ragnok said sincere. "But you should be proud, she died with honor in battle."Maeghen gave him a sad smile. "She gave her life for our people. There is no greater honor than that."Yrrah shifted, somewhat uncomfortable with the discussion. He had never met Lady Gilrin, she died a few years before he was taken to Myth, but according to the tales had she defeated the orc's during a dark period in Myth. Yrrah had never left the safety of the wards surrounding the village or the castle. Outside those wards, Myth was an entire world with good and evil, not just a place where only good remains."I'm sorry My Lady but is your matter urgent?" questioned Ragnok. "There has been a break-in."Onur frowned. "A break-in in Gringotts? Who has a death wish?""We don't know yet, the vault was emptied that same day, so they got away with it but when we find out…" Ragnok cut of his sentence when he saw the child behind the elf maiden."Ragnok, this is my student, warrior Aran Arvellas, his human name Yrrah Pendragon." Maeghen introduced. "Yrrah, this is Ragnok, the King of the Goblins.""It's an honor to meet you, King Ragnok." Yrrah said taking off his hood.Ragnok looked at Yrrah curiously. "An Elf always speaks the truth so you must be a warrior. But you're young, but a child." His eyes widened at the sight of Yrrah's ears. "A human child on top of that."Before they left, Merlin had advised the boy that the Goblin King should be told everything so that Gringotts could protect Yrrah when needed. On this topic, Yrrah was happy to leave the explanations to his teacher."Yrrah was brought to Myth as an infant after his biological father attempted to kill him. Knowing that one day he had to go back, we taught him to fight and protect. Yrrah protected the village, fighting with honor with the firewolfs when they attacked." Maeghen explained. "He speaks every tongue and gave the wolf a change to leave. When the beast didn't and attacked, Yrrah killed it with his sword. Another firewolf surprised him from the forest after the male wolf was death. Yrrah had no choice than to kill it with magic. He has earned his warrior name, Aran Arvellas.""King of noble strength?" Ragnok asked confused."You'll find out soon enough." Reassured Onur. "Our young warrior will need money here on earth, so we want to conduct an heir test.""Wait a moment, I'll get one." The Goblin jumped of his chair and walked out of the room. The elves and Yrrah waited in comfortable silence for his return.Ragnok came back and placed several items on the table. "Have you been told how the heir test works?""A potion mixed with blood is dripped on a paper and a list of family names appears. This means I could find out the name of my biological parents." Yrrah said without any clear emotion. "Unless they threw me out of the family by disowning me."Ragnok nodded and handed a knife to Yrrah. "We'll find out in a minute. Please, could you place three drops of blood in the bowl."Without a wince Yrrah cut his hand palm open. The best potions work with a drop of blood in them while brewing. Sleeping potions and calming drafts, when personalized, are ten times as strong as a general batch. So, after a few years of potion making, he wasn't scared of using the magical knife anymore.After three drips, Yrrah traced the cut with his finger healing it at once without leaving a scar.Ragnok eyes widened. "Wandless and healing.""You figured it out, didn't you?" Maeghen smiled. "Do you remember the prophecy?""The one who'll have the power to end the dark will be born when the world needs him the most… Born in times of war… his power could end the dark… Heir of one of the original magic... raw magic will flow through his veins... but one pure of heart and mind will never abuse it… born to wear the crown of magic… he'll lead the magical world to a new empire… he'll possess magic so pure it has never seen before… dark and light will fight to control the ten magical powers in one child… But only if he follows his heart will he be able to end the dark … with three chosen ones at his side he will create a new world where light will rule or destroy magic forever… The one who'll have the power to end the dark will be born when the world needs him the most…" recited the Goblin king. "Are you sure?""Only you can know Ragnok," said Maeghen. "Yrrah will need protection when I go back to Myth. Even Hogwarts will be dangerous for him. We need an oath."Ragnok nodded. "On my magic and fortune, I swear as warrior Ragnok, King of Goblins never willingly place Yrrah Pendragon in danger as long as I breath." A white flash in the room announced the acceptance of the oath.Letting out a sigh of relief, Yrrah smiled at his new friend. "I was born while Dark Lord Riddle was at large, so during war. I'm related to Godric Gryffindor, my father. And I could control ten magical powers before I reached my teens.""Show me." Dared Ragnok.Yrrah's face lit up, he loved this part. "Wandless," he pointed a finger at one of the papers, lifting it in the air. "Shapeshifter." Yrrah changed into an exact copy of Ragnok. "You saw me healing. Jumping." In a flash, Yrrah was on the other side of the room and back. "A perfect memory and knowledge beyond my years trained by my mother, Rowena Ravenclaw. I speak Gobbledegook." He said in perfect tongue. "Elemental," Yrrah let the four elements appear on his hand. "Telepathic." He sent the Goblin. "My wand and sword were made by me," Yrrah handed his sword to Ragnok who admired the work. "And wish magic. What's your absolute favorite drink sir?""A goblin drink." Ragnok answered, carefully giving the sword back. "It's really rare and hard to make.""Think of the taste. Imagine a bottle." Yrrah focused on the Goblins mind. A crate filled with bottles appeared on the ground."That's impossible." Ragnok exclaimed. "Food is one of the…"Onur had pulled a bottle out and Yrrah transformed a few buttons to cups. The moment Ragnok tasted it he moaned and sat back."There are no limits on wish magic." Maeghen explained, sipping her own drink. "Sorry Y, this is really good, but you can't have it."Yrrah shrugged. "I'll live. I keep to orange juice." Another cup appeared. "So, the test?""Oh, yes, let's have a look." Ragnok was still eying the ten bottles."Don't worry sir." Smiled Yrrah. "They won't disappear, it's a gift, as thanks for your faith in me."Ragnok gave him a toothy grin. "If this is what I get for giving you my trust, I will never break it." He looked to Maeghen. "I like this boy. He'll be a great king one day." A few drips of potion were dropped on a blank parchment. "Here you go young prince."Grand Prince Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon Gryffindor Ravenclaw Hufflepuff Slytherin EmrysAge: 11 Date of Birth: 31 July 1989Hair: Black Eyes: GreenGender: MaleProminent features: Scar on his forehead shaped like a lightning boltLord Pendragon, Grand Duke of England, Crown princeLord Emrys, Grand Duke of MagicLord Gryffindor, Duke of Hogwarts NorthLord Ravenclaw, Duke of Hogwarts SouthLord Hufflepuff, Duke of Hogwarts WestLord Slytherin, Duke of Hogwarts EastScion of familiesThe first name was crossed out.Peverell, unclaimedBlack, by blood adoptionSon of Elven Race, by blood adoptionGuardianLord BlackMagical GuardianLord BlackOwl'sPotions O++Newt'sPotions O++AchievementsMastery in Potions"So, I was disinherited." Yrrah concluded after reading the scores. "I need a piece of parchment for the ministry to prove I'm a potions master and an animagus, since I am a shapeshifter, I should qualify for one. I want to keep the titles of Lord Gryffindor Ravenclaw Hufflepuff Slytherin Emrys out of the press for now as well as the rest of the private information like my original looks. It will, however, make my life easier if they know I'm a lord. They won't do some of their stupid stunts then.""Prince, it is a smart move to claim the name Peverell. After a hundred years of no clear heir it's free to be taken by any lord with a proven relation to the Peverells." Ragnok was studying the parchment closely. "and I wouldn't tell Lord Black of his guardianship. The Blacks are normally a dark family. I don't know the stance of the current lord, the Black vaults are handled by another Goblin, but it's better safe than sorry my prince.""Don't call me prince, King of Goblins." Yrrah smiled. "I would like you to consider being my friend and adviser. Do what you think is best.""I would be honored… Yrrah." Smiled Ragnok. "You can call me Ragnok as long as I call you Yrrah." He looked back down on Yrrah's test results. "Why would you go to Hogwarts if you have already mastered the ten powers? No magic school could teach you something you don't already know or can already do with at least one of the powers and why the first year?""I want to make friends my own age." Admitted Yrrah. "I loved growing up in Myth, but I never had children I could hang out with."The Goblin nodded agreeingly. "I'll send a copy of your mastery and Animagus registration to the ministry. I shall arrange your Claim to the Peverell line and get your lord rings ready by tomorrow. I'll make sure the rings are charmed to be invisible unless you want someone to see them. Is there anything else I can do for you?" asked Ragnok.Yrrah looked at Maeghen and Onur. "I don't think so…""Can you wait outside for a minute Y? I need a word with Ragnok." The she-elf said. "Elf business.""Is it okay if I go out with Neville? I'll be back by dinner." Asked Yrrah."Don't leave the alley," ordered Onur. "I will be just a jump away, send me a message is you need anything."Yrrah gave the Goblin a small wave. "See you tomorrow Ragnok." He said in Gobbledygook."Till tomorrow Yrrah." Answered Ragnok and Yrrah closed the door. "He's something else. He's polite to goblins, shy one minute and taking charge and making decisions the next.""Yrrah doesn't like to order people around. He would rather take orders." Maeghen looked at the door. "I'm scared that earth will change him and not in a good way. It's not a nice world, it's full of war, blood purists, and bullies. Warrior Aran is a warrior in blood but still Yrrah, a child in heart. He has never left the safety of the elven village or his family for long. I can tell he's scared.""He'll be fine Maeghen." Reassured Ragnok. "Every magical child goes to school one day, even the crown prince of magic. It will be good for him to make friends."The elf nodded. "I think he already made one friend, the heir to the Longbottom family. They are supposed to go shop together. We'll come back tomorrow for the claiming. I trust I can go home to Myth with a light heart knowing my friend is watching over Yrrah?""My lady." Said Ragnok official. "The young crown prince will be safe, he has my sword and the Goblin world behind him. Any sign of trouble and we will go to Hogwarts to protect him.""Well, I will see you tomorrow." Stated Onur and the two left the office, leaving a thoughtful leader alone with his favorite drink."Hail the King of Magic. Young Yrrah, the savior of us all." He whispered toasting himself.Yrrah changed back into his father's mini me, slightly wavy brown hair, blue eyes and tanned skin. The scar was still there but unseen under the boy's hair. He sends out a Patronus stating that he was going to the ice cream shop.He had just ordered something called a banana split when he noticed Neville coming up. Lady Potter waved before disappearing into the bookshop."So, do you have everything for Hogwarts?" asked Neville sitting down, taking the spoon that Yrrah offered."Eat, eat, it's way to big for me." Cheered Yrrah. "And I have no idea, I haven't opened my Hogwarts letter yet." Admitted Yrrah with a frown, pulling the letter out. "I think I should… you got everything?""I got the books, my gran bought them so I can prepare." Shrugged Neville. "I was supposed to go with gran for the rest yesterday, but my uncle got in a potion accident. I probably should get the rest as well. I got my money pouch with me.""Okay let's go over the list." Yrrah opened the letter and laid it out on the table.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYHeadmaster: Albus Dumbledore(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)Dear Mr. Pendragon,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall"O here is a list." Yrrah read out loud.HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings)Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.COURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set glass or crystal phials1 telescope1 set brass scalesStudents may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad.PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK"Broomstick? Why would I bring a broomstick?" Yrrah asked confused. "Do they want me to clean or something? Or rather not because I'm not allowed to bring one."Neville chuckled. "That's a good one. Where do you want to go first?"'Well, my parents gave me the standard things before I left the island." Stated Yrrah. "Just need my uniform, a few ingredients and a telescope.""I need my uniform, trunk cauldron, phials and a telescope." Summed Neville. "There are no ingredients on the list…""My uncle is a potions master, he trained me." Yrrah explained. "I prefer to choose my own ingredients. And I also wish to have some backups for my own brews. How about we go to the trunk shop first? Then uniforms?""Sure, sounds good."The two boys easily got the trunk and went to Madam Malkin's robes for their uniform.A witch walked up to him. "Hogwarts dears?" was all she asked before pulling them to stools. A strange measuring rod began to attack Yrrah. While Neville stood perfectly still, Yrrah tried to slap it away but it didn't help at all. It kept poking him, struggling to get closer."Don't fight it." Mumbled a pale boy next to him. "It will only make it worse."Yrrah sent a scowl at Neville who was laughing. Sighing he just stood still, closing his eyes and praying it would all be over soon. "What is this thing doing?""Taking your measurements." Explained Neville.The boy pulled a face. "Never done this before? Are you a muggle or something?""No, both set of parents, biological and adoptive, were magical." Said Yrrah. "I'm not from around here though. Not even from Britain. Back home we just choose which clothing we like and shrink or enlarge it, so it fit. This is just annoying, since I will shrink my clothing anyway when I put them in my trunk.""That kinda makes sense." The boy was done and jumped from his stool. "Well, I guess I will see you two at school.""I guess." Yrrah didn't really know if the boy was that friendly. Uncle Sal had warned them about the pureblood elite. Thinking they were better than everyone else. The boy looked like one of those kids, but Yrrah decided it was his up bring not the boy himself.A voice pulled him from his thoughts. "You're all done dears."With the uniforms crossed of their list the two decided to go to the leaky cauldron for lunch. "Did you notice our followers." Smiled Yrrah, nodding his headfirst to Lily and then to Onur."Is that your father?" asked Neville curious."No, he's my teacher, my father can't come to England." Shrugged Yrrah. "Shall we ask if they want to join us?"Neville nodded and Yrrah gestured. The adults joined their table."You must be Yrrah's father, I'm Lily Potter, Neville's godmother." Lily held out her hand."This is my teacher, Onur." Introduced Yrrah."Oh, that's interesting, what do you teach?" asked Lily curious."Defense and offense." Said Onur. "We have been training this young warrior to protect himself for years."Neville and Lily looked shocked. "Why?" asked Neville."My birth parents tried to kill me." Said Yrrah harshly, his jaw tensing as always when he thought of the man, he shared DNA with, even if it was only a part of Yrrah's DNA. With seven blood adoptions, one from the elves, one from Black and five from his family, 11 percent of his blood was still from the man. "I was born during the war. My biological father was a filthy death eater and I'm a Metamorphmagus." To prove his point, he changed his nose to a pig snout and back. "So, I was disowned and sacrificed. My grandfather saved me and brought me to my dad who adopted me. I've come back for Hogwarts.""I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked." Said Neville softly."I have to get used to it." Yrrah exhaled loudly from his nose. "I became Lord Pendragon from my adoptive grandfather a few days ago, the goblins are keeping it a secret until I'm safe in Hogwarts. From what I understand, my story will be in the paper when my lordship comes out.""That's horrible. All because you became Lord Pendragon?" asked Lily.Yrrah looked up. "I guess you're a muggleborn, are you not?""Yes, how did you know?"Not wanting to explain about the royal magic line, Yrrah turned to Neville who shrugged. "Uncle James can explain it better." Stated Neville.Yrrah took one bite of the pea soup the barman brought over before shuddering. "This is not what we eat at home."The elf shook her head sadly. "That is the hardest part of being on earth. They have very strange foods, the things we would normally eat are apparently rare or hard to acquire here. I can't always order them, and they never have wolf meat. I always miss the berries, the soft meat, well just about everything.""I'm not going to eat this the rest of my time here." Said Yrrah pulling a tiny bottle out of his mithril vest. Placing two drops in his soup he mixed it then doing the same with Onur's soup before turning to the two humans. "I designed this potion, it makes everything taste like you want it to taste." He explained, taking a new spoonful. "Mm, Aunt Helga's apple-pie. You guys want a taste?"Neville nodded while Lily politely thanked, stating she wanted pea soup."Ooh, warm bread with melted garlic butter." Neville eyed the potion. "Do you always put that on your food?""No, I won't learn new flavors." Shrugged Yrrah. "Mom wants me to try everything and she believes it's not polite to change the flavors if someone cooked for you. She only allows me to put it on my vegetables. Oh, and when Dad or Uncle cook because it also shows when something is poisoned.""Smart woman, your mom." Lily asked Neville if she could take a taste. "Mm, strawberry ice cream."They finished their meal in with polite chitchat, occasionally telling the other what they were tasting, before Neville and Yrrah left for the Apothecary and after that went to the bookstore. Before they could go in Yrrah´s name was called."Yrrah," Maeghen hurried over. "I forget to give you something, your dad had a little surprise for you.""I don't like surprises from my dad and uncle." Yrrah said crossing his arms over his chest. "They mostly end in me and deathly situations.""W…what?" asked Neville worried."From what I heard they end in your mom chasing your father and uncle while hitting them with a book while your aunt and grandfather sit back and enjoy the show." She giggled. "I still don't know what they did to deserve that, only that my father approved of your mom's methods."Yrrah chuckled when he remembered that day. Uncle Sal had made a bet that Yrrah was a strong elemental, so the boy could use the air to fly. They transformed the grass into a mountain of pillows and threw a sleeping seven-year-old Yrrah from the astronomy tower. "My dad wanted to test something and dropped me from a tower, my magic kicked in.""Oh, my uncle did the same thing to me." Nodded Neville. "To test if I even had magic.""Well, this is a nice surprise, I promise." promised Maeghen. "Wait here and jump home if you feel any danger. If you're not here when I come back, I'll come as soon as I can."Yrrah and Neville sat down on the ground, their back resting against the wall. "What kind of language did she speak?" asked Neville."Sindarin, it's the language of our island." Clarified Yrrah. People passed him by, some looking down on him, smiling kindly and Yrrah returned the favor. He came to earth for these people.It was his destiny to 'save' them from evil. Yrrah wasn't planning on ruling the wizard world, he wanted to fulfil the prophecies and go straight back to Myth. Hopefully it would be with one or two friends. Neville had been a good company.Taking the title of Lord Pendragon was a risky choice. But the disadvantages were smaller than the protection he would get as Prince of Magic. The Goblins would take his side, rather the Prince of Magic's side, giving him a safety none of the other names could give him.When the news comes out, Yrrah knew everything would go downhill from that moment on. Merlin had witnessed the way the British ministry worked these days. They would do anything to stay in control. By not being the heir but truly the Lord, they would see a small child, not the danger. If Yrrah was an heir, they would try to use him to get to the Lord Pendragon.The boy sighed; he truly hated this side of his life. Sometimes he wished he was just Yrrah.Well, he could always go back to Myth, refusing to have anything to do with this planet. Unfortunately, the wish for friends his age was just too big to ignore, even if he had to put up with the name and everything around it.He worried if he could burden his future friends with his destiny? He turned to look at Neville. If friends were truly anything like the books wrote about, they would support him through thick and thin. This meant they would probably need protection from the dangers around him. Could he do that to Neville? Being friends with a Pendragon, according to his granddad who had been around Arthur Pendragon, was hard. However, his dad told him, he wouldn't have wanted it any other way.It never occurred to Yrrah to change his last name, it was a connection to the family who wanted him. He wasn't going to let that go.Maeghen appeared in his line of sight. "Myth to Yrrah. Are you still in there?""Off course." He took the elf's delicate hand and pulled himself up. "Maeghen did I introduce you to Neville? Neville this is my other teacher Maeghen.""Nice to meet you Neville."Neville smiled shyly. "Nice to meet you ma'am.""I got your surprise, here it is." Maeghen held out a cage with a snowy owl in it. "Your dad said that you needed a pet at school.""But I already have a pet. I'm not going to replace Éowyn." Said Yrrah."It will help you to bring a companion with you to Hogwarts. If it's an owl you can take it with you to myt…home. We use owls to send messages to villages all over Myth." Maeghen advised."I got a toad, so it it good to have something with you." Stated Neville, looking at the owl. "She really is a beauty."That she is. Thanks. I love her." Smiled Yrrah. "But could you hold on to her for a while. Neville and I were just about to go book shopping.""After your done, we should probably go home." Stated Maeghen. "It's been a long day.""That's okay." Nodded Yrrah. It was an hour later that Neville and Yrrah said their goodbyes with the promise to meet each other in the train again and if Neville was still with the Potters, they would meet on the playground again.Later that night when Yrrah and Maeghen were seated on the porch, Maeghen handed him a glass of water. "You were thinking about the dangers and destiny, again weren't you?" asked the elf. Yrrah sighed and nodded. "We talked about this little warrior. I know you don't like it, but magic chose you as its leader. We're all glad it chooses you, not some self-centered prat. That boy you told me about in the wizard-clothing store. If a child like him were chosen, he would use his powers only for himself.""How do you know I won't be the same." Mumbled Yrrah. "I don't think I can do this Mae. I feel like an idiot for thinking I could make friends after they find out my destiny. Who wants to be friends with someone who has to train every day to even have a chance at surviving a duel with the Dark Lord Riddle? When they find out I'm the prince, they will all change their opinion of me and want to befriend me for power and wealth. I feel self-centered because when I look at the people walking by, I know they need me."She pulled him into a hug. "Ragnok will announce your claim as Lord Pendragon a week after you start school so you can find out what people are like before the drama. Trust your instincts little Aran. The people do need you. How do you think that a normal prince would feel? The responsibility you carry with you is hard, but you don't misuse it. Your parents raised you right.""I know." Sighed Yrrah, as Maeghen let him go. "I should go to bed.""Goodnight Aran." Smiled Maeghen. "See you tomorrow."At a house a few blocks away, Lily sat down on the couch next to her husband. "Neville in asleep.""So… Lord Pendragon, how is he?" asked James"He's not from Britain." Shrugged Lily. "Well he kind of is. His father was a death eater and Yrrah is a Metamorphmagus so you can fill in the blanks. His adoptive family raised him to be a polite young boy, but with a lack of Britain history. I don't think he didn't know who I was. I missed talking to magical strangers like that." She leaned against James' strong chest, loving the feeling of his fingers combing through her hair while she snuggled up against his side."You like him, don't you?" mumbled James into her hair, kissing the top of her head."He's good for Neville and I don't know, those two brought in the motherly instincts up in me." Whispered Lily. "And it's been a long time since I felt like a mother…" they felt silent for a few minutes. "Did we do the right thing by making Neville our heir instead of Harry? He could still be out there, we never found his... his... we never found him.""It's been almost ten years my love." Sighed James. "We'll never, ever give up the search. I promised you to never give up on him, but I can't take the owls from the ministry anymore."They sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes. "There are rumors that the traitor has been seen in France. Do you want to check it out after the first of September?"The redhead nodded. "James, he would have gone to Hogwarts this year.""I know love." He pulled his wife closer. "I know."Well that was it for today.I want to thank everyone who followed and or favorite this story and a special thanks for the reviewers!

Disclaimer; still don't own anything.A short chapter this time, hope you like it and don t forget to review."Do you have everything?" asked Maeghen again, for what felt like the millionth time. They had decided that Yrrah would jump on his own to the train station, Platform 9¾, so that the two elves could prepare themselves for the jump home tomorrow morning."Yes Maeghen." Sighed Yrrah, "Remember? You packed and double checked my trunk yourself. Hedwig left this morning, I refuse to lock her in a cage.""Promise me that if something feels off, like dangerous or they discover your secret or anything, you'll jump straight home." Said Onur seriously, the jumper looked ridiculous with the hat that he had to wear to hide his pointy ears."I know." Yrrah rolled his eyes. "And I promise. May I go now?"The elves laughed at his impatience. "You may," Onur ruffled Yrrah's brown hairs. "Stay safe young warrior, and remember your lessons.""I will." Yrrah hugged his teachers for the last time before he let go. "I shall see you again in two myth years." Waved Yrrah before a light surrounded him, letting his magic guide him to Kings Cross station. Neville had promised to meet him there so they could go to the platform together."Yrrah!" Neville waved, he was standing next to an other lady who was taking with Lily Potter and an unknown male."Hey Neville, are you excited to go?" asked Yrrah."Sure am!" the slightly chubby boy smiled. "Yrrah I want you to meet my gran, Lady Longbottom and Lady Potter's husband, Lord Potter. Gran, Uncle James, this is Lord Pendragon.""It's a honor, Lord Pendragon." Stated Augusta Longbottom while she made a small curtesy. "Neville has been relieved that he is going to have at least one friendly face.""Me as well, my Lady." Yrrah bowed back. "Lord Potter, it is nice to meet the man who managed this lovely lady to marry him."James smiled, "I still don't know how I managed to convince her." He joked before giving a bow in return. "Lord Pendragon,""Just call me Yrrah, both of you." Requested Yrrah. "I don't want too many people to know about my Lordship. Too much attention.""Don't worry, Yrrah, and you can call me James." Offered James."You should go through to the platform now." Stated Lily, looking at her watch. "James and I have to leave as well. Yrrah, where is your trunk? And Maeghen?""I came by myself." Explained Yrrah. "And my trunk is in my pocket.""Okay, you two be good, and let us know what house you get sorted in." requested Lily, giving Neville a quick hug and kiss on the forehead before giving Yrrah a hand. James shook hands with the two boys as well before the Potter's left.Augusta went with the two through the barrier and made sure they found a compartment before kissing Neville's cheek and smiling at Yrrah. "It seems only yesterday that I put your father on this train." Smiled Augusta, looking down at Neville. "But you better behave better than your father did. I don't want to hear McGonagall complain about you."Neville blushed. "I'll be good.""I know." She kissed his cheek again before wishing the two boys a good semester and an 'I'll see you at Christmas' before leaving the train.Taking a book from the spare backpack Maeghen had packed, so he wouldn't need to unshrink his trunk, Yrrah settled on the bench. He would put the Hogwarts uniform on later, every minute he didn't need to wear the awful human material counted."Do you have a spare book? My grand has packed all my books at the bottom of my trunk and I think it will be difficult to reach them." Admitted Neville.With a smile, Yrrah pulled out a book from his Aunt Helga about healing plants. "It's not really first year material, but if you're interested…""Thank you Yrrah." Neville took the book and leaning against the window, soon silence returned in the compartment.Yrrah was catching up on magical British history, when the train started moving. History was one of the subjects he loved to read just for the sake of reading. Stories about heroes, wars and victory, he couldn't read enough of them.A red haired boy stuck his head in and asked. "Can I sit here? Everywhere else is full.""Sure." Yrrah put down his book, knowing it was the polite thing to do."Thanks, my name is Ron. Ron Weasley." Ron let himself drop on the other bench."Yrrah." He didn't offer a last name, avoiding the chance that the redhead would react. "And this is Neville."Neville gave a little awkward wave but quickly went back to his book.Ron nodded, leaning back into his chair. "So, you're both a first year too?" he asked. Yrrah nodded, his fingers tracing the cover of his book, the prince was dying to get back to reading the stories he loved, feeling slightly jealous of Neville. "Cool, I'm going to be in Gryffindor. I have five older siblings, three on Hogwarts right now and two graduated, and they all went to Gryffindor. I'm not a bookworm like the Ravenclaws, Hufflepuff is for losers and I'm from a light family so Slytherin is out for me."Yrrah looked frowning at the boy, did Ron just insult his mother, aunt and uncle in the same sentence? "My dad went to Gryffindor and I look a lot like him. So we may end up in the same house.""I hope so." Ron looked inspecting at Yrrah. "You wear strange clothing, but they look expensive. What is it?""It's customary clothing from my homeland." Answered Yrrah."So it's not expensive." Concluded Ron, looking disappointed. "I had hoped you came from a well off family."A lady knocked on the door. "Do any of you want anything from the trolley dears?""Would you mind buying something?" asked Ron. "My mom didn't give me money. With all my siblings and stuff."Neville leaned forward. "Gran gave me some money," stated the shy boy. "I assumed you hadn't tried most of these.""Just the chocolate frogs we shared at Diagon Alley." Shrugged Yrrah, also choosing some of the candy from the cart that looked interesting."I totally love chocolate frogs mate." Grinned Ron, taking a chocolate frog without asking. "I collect these cards, can you pass them to me?"One, insulting his family. Two, thinking only about his money. Three, ignoring Neville and four taking the candy he bought without even asking. This is what his parents had warned him about."Ron, you better go. Neville and I need to study." Said Yrrah polite. "I'm sorry but take some chocolate with you. I don't mind.""You're going to study?" exclaimed Ron unbelieving and even a bit disgusted. "School hasn't even started yet."Neville looked insulted. "My gran teaches me more than the classes they offer at Hogwarts.""And I follow extra lessons at home on my culture." Explained Yrrah, opening his book again. Ron stuffed his pockets with candy before stomping out."Must be Ravenclaws, stupid library addicts." Mumbled the redhead before the door was closed.Yrrah sighed, maybe he had been lucky with Neville and gaining friends wasn't as easy as he thought it would be. Well, better get back to his story."And WHO are YOU?" A blond boy interrupted his reading a little later, looking at Yrrah like he was a piece of filth. He then turned to Neville. "Longbottom, I thought I smelled a squib in here." Behind him stood two other, rather large, boys.Well, Yrrah wanted to make friends but not like these. "I'm Yrrah. May I inquire as to whom you three are, since you are interrupting my reading time?""I'm Draco, Draco Malfoy, Scion and Heir of the Noble House of Malfoy." He sneered, "What gives you the right to have this compartment, a mudblood and squib? Get out before my friends throw you from the train."So, he was not going to be friends with the blond guy. "Sorry, I'm Pureblood, and for your information, I have this all to myself because I want to read. So you had better leave before I lose my temper and throw a few curses at you my dad has been teaching me.""Don't you know who I am?" sputtered Draco."You just told me your name." frowned Yrrah. "As for your last name, Malfoy, that is a Noble House?" Draco nodded. "And your friends? From your prejudices I guess they are pureblood but the way they follow you, not from any Noble, and specially not any Ancient Noble House." The blond nodded again. "You said you were an Heir?""Yes. I'll be Baron Malfoy when my father passes on." Confirmed Draco hesitantly.Yrrah was weighing his options, his dad had advised him to put all the noble houses and noble ancient houses together. It would be a great counsel for when Yrrah was forced to fulfil his destiny and sit on the throne. "Listen to me, Draco Malfoy, Scion and Heir of the Noble House of Malfoy. Never insult someone before you know their power. One of these days you'll meet someone from the higher houses or with more magical power, maybe both, and you'll lose a possible ally or even worse a possible friend.""Who are you?" asked Draco again."For now, and at school, I'll be Yrrah. Just Yrrah.""Well Yrrah I don't think you know how much power a Malfoy has." Threatened the Malfoy Scion. "When my father hears of this...""We'll see." Mumbled Yrrah, looking back at his book. "Now please leave before I change my mind."With a wave of his useless wand Yrrah pushed them out of the door, locking it behind the trio. Neville looked surprised but smiled. "You need to teach me that spell. Malfoy has been bullying me for years.""Well, after the moRon and Pureblood Prince Draco, I'm done with unannounced visitors," stated Yrrah. "The door will only open from inside here. That should leave us be."It was at least an hour later when a soft knock on the door brought him out his story again. A girl, first year with bushy brown hair and smart brown eyes was looking at him with pleading eyes when Yrrah opened the door. Her trunk was standing next to her."Can I help you, miss?" Yrrah asked politely, not forgetting his manners even after the disappointment of meeting children his age. Why would a girl be alone a few hours into the ride?"May I please sit with you?" she almost begged. "Some girls threw me out when they found out I'm a muggleborn.""My friend and I are reading." Said Yrrah hesitantly, thinking to himself that as a muggleborn she would probably not care for his parentage and prejudices.She presented him their first year potions book. "I'll be quiet to if you want me to." she added.With a sigh, Yrrah nodded, stepping aside. "Come in." he invited. His wards recognized the words and let the girl pass."I'm Hermione Granger." Said the girl placing her trunk on the ground and making herself comfortable on the same seat Ron had just sat on."I'm Neville and that's Yrrah." Introduced Neville."Here Hermione, let me help you." Yrrah pulled his wand out, tapping the trunk softly. It immediately shrunk to the same size Yrrah's was. "If you need it to grow, tap on it and say clearly enlarge. Same when you want to shrink it again. Just say shrink. You won't lose it, it will return to your pocket if it's small and you lose it.""Thanks, and wow. How did you know that?" she asked curious. "You look like a first year and all the second years are sitting with their houses.""Nice and smart." Smiled Yrrah. "You're right, I'm a first year but I was raised by a pureblood family. I had to learn quickly how to protect myself.""Were they bad?" she asked worried, Yrrah looked confused. "Why would you need to protect yourself?""My family is amazing." Assured Yrrah. "However, when I was just a baby something happened. My adoptive parents thought it was important that I learned quickly to protect and defend myself. I've been learning magic since I could walk and talk. No that's not true, I was two years old when I started classes with my grandfather.""If you don't mind me asking. What happened?" Hermione asked curious.Yrrah didn't know why he told this girl, he just did. "My biological father tried to kill me when I was fifteen months old."Neville sucked in his breath."I'm so sorry." Said Hermione shocked. "I shouldn't have asked.""I don't mind." Shrugged Yrrah. "If we're going to be friends. You should know."Hermione looked even more surprised. "Friends?" she sputtered. "But we never met before.""I'm sorry," Yrrah said quickly, afraid he scared the girl off. "I never had friends growing up because my studies and from the moment I met Neville we were immediately friends. The two guys before you were real gits. I'm just happy to meet a nice person my age.""I never had any friends either." Said the girl shy. "They didn't like how I am always studying. I would love to be your friend.""I guess that we'll spend most of our time in the library." Neville smiled.Hermione nodded, smiling at him. "Well, I have to study hard if I want to keep up with my friends who's years ahead from me. So if you don't mind, I want to read.""Don't worry, it's just Yrrah who has studied before." Assured Neville. "We'll begin around the same level.""I won't keep you from your studies my lady." Said Yrrah pleased. So this was what having friends was like. Doing what you like together, even if it was reading in silence.Hermione looked at her watch when it started to become darker outside. "Yrrah, Neville, we better change now. We're an hour away."With a nod, both boys pulled their uniforms from their bags or trunks. The boys closed their eyes in respect when Hermione changed. Hermione wanting to do the same when the boys changed but they both agreed they had nothing to hide, not like a lady."Yrrah, your muscles!" exclaimed Hermione. "You must train a lot.""Yeah, training every morning does that." Shrugged Yrrah, pulling the uniform shirt over his head and placing his arms through his robes, hiding his figure from prying eyes. "You can join me one day if you like.""I'll probably take you up on that offer." Said Hermione, while Neville timidly nodded. Since it wasn't that long before they would arrive they decided to put their books away and talk for a little. Hermione told them about McGonagall coming to visit and telling her she was a witch. Neville explained that he lived with his grandma but during the vacations he visited his godmother and his uncle. Neville also explained what kind of classes he got to prepare for Hogwarts."I got classes in writing and reading off course, basic math and etiquettes." Explained Neville. "And off course classes on wizarding law to prepare me for the Wizengamot.""Wizengamot is like the house of Lords right?" asked Hermione. "I read about it. I'm still learning about the houses, the ancient houses, what house do you belong to?""I'm the scion heir to the ancient and noble house of Longbottom." Admitted Neville.Hermione nodded. "And you Yrrah?"Yrrah looked out the window, wondering how much a muggleborn would know about the magical houses. "Pendragon.""Pendragon." Gasped the girl. "Seriously? Like Arthur and the knights of the round table?""Yes, my grandfather from my dad's side was a royal I believe." Yrrah said, recalling how his dad told him once that Arthur was a father for him after he had run away. "Please don't make a fuss over my name. Remember, I'm adopted and your age. Nothing special.""Don't worry," Hermione smiled. "One of my former classmates was the queens granddaughter. I don't care for royalty because they are royalty. She was kind, so I liked her.""Yrrah, you have been trained in quite a lot before Hogwarts right? Why are you coming to Hogwarts if you already know everything?" wondered Neville, accepting a piece from Yrrah's pile of candy and then pulling a face at a bad bean flavor."To make friends." Smiled Yrrah. "You see, I never had any friends before, I was the only child in the island. I'm grateful that I managed to make them so quickly.""How do you know I'm a good enough person to be your friend?" asked Hermione."My wards would have given you a shock if you weren't." Yrrah said guilty. "Only people with only good things on their mind, not like greed or blood purity, can pass. So, friends?""I never…" started Hermione before cutting herself off and looking down blushing."Had friends." Finished Neville. "Y just told you that we didn't have friends growing up either.""I told her that." Yrrah said confused. "Not you. Did you?"The girl laughed. "I think Neville means 'Y' as in the first letter of your name.""Oh yeah," nodded Yrrah in thought. "Nicknames, that is something friends do right Nev?"Neville smiled shyly.The train came to an halt and a voice overhead directed them to leave their trunks behind. However, Yrrah wasn't convinced that his trunk would be safe and not searched, so with their trunks in their pockets, the three made their way off the train."First years!" a large hairy man yelled while waving a lantern. "First years!" when the man was satisfied he had everyone he guided the group of eleven year olds to the lake, showing the scared first years the boats. "Four to a boat. Go on! We don't have all day."Yrrah sighed in annoyance when Ron sat down in the same boat as Neville, Hermione and him."Did you enjoy your train ride bookworms?" Said Ron, with a kind voice, to Yrrah and Neville. "I hope we share a dorm, I bet we're all going to be best friends if we're in Gryffindor."'Yeah you probably want to share a dorm so you can eat all my candy.' Thought Yrrah.Then Ron turned to Neville, "Did you find your toad loser head?" he laughed at his own joke. "You get it Yrrah, loser head, because he lost his stupid toad. My father told me about you Longbottom, how everyone was worried your line would end because you're a squib."In the corner of his eyes, Yrrah saw Neville shrink back from the insults."Do us all a favor and keep quiet the rest of the trip." Yrrah said calmly. "I don't like it when people are laughing at the expense of my friends.""But I am your friend." Protested Ron. "You gave me candy.""I bought it and you assumed some of it was for you." Corrected Yrrah. "Now please offer your excuse to my friend Neville for your unkind words.""And if I don't want to apologize to the squib?" said Ron. "His own grandmother feared him to be a squib."When a red light hit the redhead, he became silent. Yrrah had hit him with a silencer. "Better." Sighed Yrrah, turning around in his seat so he faced his friends. Hogwarts wasn't something new for him so he could miss the first sight. "Are you alright Neville?""Yeah, thanks Yrrah, Ron has always been a right prat." Said the shy boy. "But I warn you, he has a large group of older brothers.""Let them come." Grinned Yrrah. "My family want me to keep in shape. Dueling with older students will do the trick."Hermione was meanwhile studying the raging boy. "You'll be teaching me that spell Yrrah." Said Hermione, Ron grabbed her arm and received a shock from Yrrah's wand. "I have some cousins I would like to use it on."The rest of the trip was in silent, Hermione and Neville oohed and awed at the castle like the others, Ron was still silenced, and Yrrah felt his heart heal.After a week in a strange house in a quiet village, he had returned home.The three friends followed the large man as he lead them to the doors where a strict looking women opened the doors to welcome them. Her words didn't reach Yrrah as he felt the familiar magic surround him, though somewhat lacking a major part of the power he normally felt when he entered through these doors.Yrrah closed his eyes, letting the waves swirl around him, at ease for the first time this week. He wasn't even surprised when a warm voice spoke in his mind."Welcome home son."Well that was it for today. I had a review asking me if I was going to bash the Potters, I hope that its now clear Im not.The reason that they made Neville the heir is purely for the plot, Yrrah can t find out just yet that his parents are not death eaters...I want to thank everyone who followed and or favorite this story and a special thanks for the reviewer!

Nope, still don't own Harry :("Welcome home son." His father's voice sounded his mind. "We've missed your magic around us, and we still miss your presence surrounding us.""I miss you too dad, all of you." Admitted Yrrah. "Did you see my train ride? Did I make the right decision by not trusting those two boys? Was I right in befriending Hermione and Neville?""I saw, and I believe you made the right choices my boy, but only time will tell." Godric's voice became weaker, the magic couldn't hold the connection for much longer. "I have to go, Y. I love you.""I love you too dad." Whispered Yrrah softly."What was that?" asked Hermione. Both were looking at Yrrah with worry, and the professor had left the room. "Are you okay Yrrah? You zoned out on us for a moment.""Yeah. You didn't even flinch when the ghosts appeared." Agreed Neville."Just thinking about home." Admitted Yrrah. "I'm missing my mom and dad."Hermione and Neville looked at him with sympathy. "I miss my parents too Y." said Hermione. "We can always write them though! I'm planning on sending my first letter before breakfast. We can send our letters together if you want."Yrrah shook his head. "I live too far away for owls to reach. Besides that, our home is protected against owls, they will never find it. The best I can do is send a letter to Gringotts and ask them to pass it along if Maeghen comes in for some business."Both his new friends looked shocked, but refrained from commenting when the professor came back. "We're ready for you now." she said in a very serious voice.They formed a line before going into the great hall. Yrrah smiled when he saw the ceiling, just like home it was charmed to show the sky."It's amazing isn't it?" Whispered Hermione. "The ceiling is bewitched to look like the sky, I read about it in Hogwarts: A History."Yrrah smiled. "I know and if you're good I'll think about teaching you the spell.""According to the book, the spell has been lost for years." Said Hermione softly."My family has knowledge of spells which should have been lost in time but weren't." whispered Yrrah so they wouldn't be overheard.When they stopped before the teachers table, Yrrah looked longingly at the hat on the chair. He was an eleven year old, away from his home and his parents for the first time in his life. Being able to hear his grandfather's voice for even a moment would be awesome.The hall went silent as the hat started to sing.Oh you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindor's apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuff are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,If you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou'll make your real friends,Those cunning folks use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on! Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap!You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a Thinking Cap!Everyone started clapping then suddenly stopped when the professor, the one who had led them in (Yrrah silently cursed himself for not paying attention when he arrived, she probably introduced herself when she opened the doors) unrolled a scroll and started to call out names.Hannah Abbot was first, and the girl was sorted to Hufflepuff. Names passed by Yrrah while he kept his eyes locked on the hat that contained a part of his grandfather.When Hermione was called, Neville and Yrrah gave her a comforting squeeze on the shoulder."I hope she'll be in Gryffindor." Admitted Yrrah. "I would hate to miss her in some classes."Neville looked with the question in his eyes. "Why didn't you tell her she could ask for Gryffindor?" wondered Neville. "You told me?""Mione doesn't know much about the houses and the magical world so I didn't want to corrupt her and influence her choice." Explained Yrrah."GRYFFINDOR!" Yelled the hat causing Yrrah and Neville to begin cheering which made Hermione smile at them. The girl in question skipped towards the red and gold table.When Neville's turn came around, he walked up confident. "Gryffindor" was soon yelled and Neville gave Yrrah a thumbs up before sitting across of Hermione."Pendragon, Yrrah."The hall went silent for a second before the whispering started. Before Yrrah reached the hat, his grandfather's voice spoke again."Welcome young Pendragon." Said a clear voice. "It has been a long time since one of the original six has walked through these halls. Hogwarts is honored to have you in our midst. We have high expectations of you.""I'm pleased to be here for my education." Said Yrrah with a small bow. "I hope I'll prove to be worthy of your honor and fulfil your expectations.""You will young warrior, of that I'm sure. Now please sit down so I can sort you."Yrrah sat down and let the hat fall over his eyes. "I truly hate you grandpa.""We miss you too, son." chuckled the ancient wizard/hat. "Your secret would come out sooner than later anyway.""That's true." Admitted Yrrah. "Grandpa, I want to go back home.""You have a destiny Yrrah," said Merlin after a moment of silence. "You've made friends already and they'll be good for you. They both think very highly of you and even Rowena approves of them."Yrrah laughed quietly, tilted the hat a bit so it didn't cover his eyes and looked at the red table. "I know and as my mom and dad approve…""Don't forget to give them the shields. Also, since the rest thinks of me as an owl, I have some messages. Your father wants you to remember to practice, your mother tells me to tell you to study hard and not just for classes. Your aunt wants you reminded of your potions and Uncle Sal wants you to have some fun once in a while and your mastery will arrive on Friday morning according to Maeghen.""They arrived home safely?" asked Yrrah. "I thought they were leaving tomorrow.""Earth was getting to them and Onur felt like you were powerful enough to jump home in case of danger." Said Merlin. "We've been talking for too long Yrrah, people are getting impatient.""But I won't hear you again for nine months." Begged Yrrah. "Please.""Yrrah, everything will be all right. Just remember we love you." was spoken before "GRYFFINDOR!" was heard, Merlin's yell ringing out loudly through the hall ."I love you Y." was quietly whispered in Yrrah's mind."Love you too." Y replied longingly.The hat disappeared from his head and Yrrah was met with cheering from the red table and curious yet confused looks from the other tables.Yrrah was looking at the staff table, noticing how the professor looked at the scroll before looking sadly up to a strangely familiar face. The man had dark hair, with an equally dark goatie. Had Yrrah seen him through the magical window before? Or at Diagon Ally? He couldn't remember. It was the same kind of familiarity as he felt when meeting the Potters and Neville…"Why did it take so long with you Yrrah?" asked Hermione when Yrrah sat down next to her. "Why did the hat call you a warrior?""The hat and I had much to discuss. The warrior is because of the training I've received." Said Yrrah with a smile. "This is awesome, we're all in the same house. I told you so, didn't I, Neville?""You did." Nodded Neville. "I'm glad.""You're a Pendragon? From the royal bloodline?" stuttered one of the girls, Yrrah believed that her name was Lavender. The whole table was listening in, completely forgetting about the students who were still being sorted."I'm adopted." Explained Yrrah with a shrug. "So I'm not really special and I wish it could have stayed a secret.""Why?" asked Hermione."Did you see how everyone looked at me, the whispers?" Yrrah gave a pointed look at his housemates who had the dignity to blush and turn back to the sorting. "I was send to Hogwarts to have a normal schooling. As long as there is a strong ministry and I'm not emancipated, I have no rights whatsoever. I'm just a regular student and want to be treated like everyone else. I want true friends, not fame seekers."The sorting ceremony had come to an end and to everyone's annoyance, Ron sat down next to Neville, across from Yrrah and started talking. However since he was still silenced the trio could ignore him. With a half ear they listened to Dumbledore about the forest and the third floor and then dinner appeared."Good thing we became friends before we knew you were royalty." Chuckled Hermione."Yep, you guys were kind to me because of me, not because of my name." Yrrah smiled, his fingers tracing the small flask in his front pocket. He decided to try a small bite of everything before starting on the healthy meals with the help of the potions."We won't treat you different than on the train, I promise." Said Neville. "So, as a friend, I ask you to release Ron from the spell you placed on him. This isn't funny anymore, just sad."The trio turned to the redhead who was enthusiastically speaking to - maybe his brothers? - a grinning pair of twins. Ron still hadn't noticed that he wasn't making a sound.Pointing his wand at Ron, he whispered the incarnation, cancelling the silencer."Why did you do that?" whined one of the twins."How can we make him shut up again?" asked the other. Ron turned as red as his hair and sat back down in his seat to begin stuffing his face full of any food within reach."It's a simple silencer we use for when we need to speak in private, no sound can come from the silenced area or persons. I only set it around Ron after he wouldn't stop insulting my friends." Yrrah's eyes lit up when he said friends, as did Hermione's and Neville's.Before the twins could react, Yrrah felt someone looking at him. It was the black haired man, with the sad blue grey eyes. He was looking at the Gryffindor table, his eyes focused on the first years."Who's that?" wondered Yrrah out loud.Neville looked up. "I believe that's Sirius Black. If I'm correct, he's Harry Potters Godfather.""Was Potters godfather. Potter is dead." Said Ron."You don't know that." Said a girl who had introduced herself as Lavender. "They never found a body and Mr. and Mrs. Potter are still looking for him.""Harry Potter?" asked Yrrah confused. "I didn't know Lily and James had a son?" he looked questioning at Neville."A friend of James, named Peter Pettigrew, offered to babysit one evening. He betrayed the Potters and kidnapped Harry. His mother had him protected by a bracelet and some believed that the killing curse was reflected back at its caster. You-know-who exploded and Harry was named savior." Explained Neville. "However, nobody knows for sure what happened to Harry after he was hit. Some say Harry was killed, the shield wasn't strong enough to completely block the whole curse. Some believe that Harry was killed by the backslash when he was a baby. Some say that Harry's magic was strong enough to help the shield and the baby was taken by an escaping Death Eater. Some believe that Harry's magic acted to protect him and apparating him to safety. No one knows what really happened.""What do you believe?" asked Hermione."I know Lily and James are still looking for him, there is an unclear memory from a dying death eater that shows that Harry was taken, but it is unclear if he was alive when he was taken." Mumbled Neville. "I like to believe that Harry's magic was strong enough to save him and someone took him to safety." Admitted Neville. "He's my godbrother you know. My mother is his godmother and his mother is mine. Lily and James are obsessed with looking for them. Lily was hit by a spell making her infertile and I don't think that she could get over the loss of Harry. Right now they are in France, there was some intel that Pettigrew is there. They hope that Harry is there as well.""Potter is dead and everyone knows it," Ron said with his mouthful. "He would be at Hogwarts if he wasn't."Neville looked down sadly at his plate."Don't speak with your mouth full. It's disgusting." Yrrah then whispered another jinx. "Also, I was born in Britain and almost didn't go to Hogwarts." Said Yrrah. "I was raised within protective wards. No owl could reach us and letters have to go through Gringotts. I even got a Britain Guardian appointed if my parents can't be reached. Maybe Harry Potter was taken to a place like that."While Yrrah said those words to comfort Neville, he wondered if it was possible that another child was the prophesied one and his parents were wrong about the first prophecy. While Yrrah knew the prophecy was true for him, ten powers were hard to overlook, the other prophecy could fit Harry Potter. If so, was Harry still alive? Was Harry Potter living behind the safety of wards being raised by a loving family or be raised by muggle haters to become the next dark lord?For Lily, Yrrah planned to ask his grandfather about it next summer. Merlin may know what happened to the baby.Ron had placed another piece of chicken in his mouth and wanted to say something but found he couldn't. After he swallowed he noticed people could hear him again. "WHAT DID YOU DO?" he yelled."Something we use at home on two year olds to stop them from speaking with their mouth full." Said Yrrah. "My uncle used that spell on me once and I learned to empty my mouth before opening it by the end of two weeks.""NEVER!" one of the twins said."EVER!" the other continued."LIFT""THAT""SPELL" they finished together. "Promise us.""Can't, it will stay for a month or two before it will disappear." Yrrah looked back at the staff table, noticing that Professor Black looked deep in thought. "Who can explain who teaches what class?"Hermione looked excited and smiled hopefully at the older years.Another redhead leaned forward. "Percy Weasley. Gryffindor's Perfect. You teach me that spell and I'll tell you everything you want to know.""Done, the spell is buccea clusus, which means mouth closed. Keep your wand steady and point it at the person's lips. The person will not be able to open their mouth to talk while it is full of food." Yrrah explained.Percy asked him to write the spell down before turning to the staff table and explaining who was teaching what."Wizard customs?" asked Hermione surprised, "That class isn't mentioned in Hogwarts: A History. Is it a new program?""Relatively new." Admitted Percy. "It was announced to help young wizards to learn the laws and customs of our world but the rumor is that Professor Dumbledore created the class to keep Professor Black close. As stated before, Professor Black IS Potter's godfather. After that Halloween he lost everything. His godson and his best friend James Potter. Both Potters didn't want anything to do with the magical world. His fiancé died in the war and his other friend turned out to be a death eater who was responsible for the kidnapping of baby Potter. Professor Black lost it and swore revenge. Afraid he would do something harmful to someone it was decided to keep a close eye on the professor, so the wizard customs class appeared."After dinner, the group of first years followed Percy to the common room. Hermione and Neville were looking around in wonder while Yrrah just smiled. He had ran around these halls his whole life. You could argue if it was ten years or twenty but it was a long time either way.The Gryffindor tower was surprising enough on the same floor as his and his father's room, but on the other side of the castle.Neville and Yrrah said their goodnights to Hermione and went to their room. Both boy's placed their trunks on the bed –they took the beds next to each other on the other side of the room from Ron – took out their showering and sleeping stuff before placing the trunks on the floor at the foot of their beds.They came back from their showers, to find two other boys surrounding Ron next to Yrrah's bed. Ron was rubbing his hand and Yrrah could fill in the blanks.Softly coughing to get their attention, Yrrah looked down at the boys. "My trunk, as well as Neville's and Hermione have been charmed not to let anyone in without our permission.""Why the hell would you do that?" asked a raging Ron.Neville raised an eyebrow. "Well, I for one don't like it if anyone could walk in here, take something out my trunk without my knowledge and walk away with it.""But we're not thieves!" one of the boys, Dean Thomas was his name, said indignantly."Then why would one of you try to open MY trunk without asking me first?" asked Yrrah.The three boys blushed and looked away. "Ron said you had some candy you said he could have." Mumbled Seamus Finnigan. "We didn't think you would mind…""I do mind," said Yrrah. "I bought some candy on the train since I had never tasted most of those things before, I offered Ron, who was sharing a compartment with me at the time, some because that's the polite thing to do. When he took advantage of the situation by taking too much I reversed my offer. Now, you know what will happen when you try to break in my trunk I hope it won't happen again. Goodnight Mr. Weasley, Mr. Finnigan and Mr. Thomas."Neville smiled at Yrrah before crawling under the covers. "Night Y,""Night Nev."The next morning Yrrah rose early to start his training. While the riffling through his trunk, Yrrah accidentally woke Neville."What are you doing Y?" asked the boy groggily."Sorry, didn't mean to wake you. I'm going out to train a bit before classes.""Can you wait for me?" asked Neville nervously. "I would like to join in if you don't mind."Yrrah rubbed his neck. "Well, we do have classes this morning and the first training can be very tiring. You can join but you'll probably be tired throughout the day.""I don't care." Neville jumped out bed and started to riffle through his trunk.Yrrah went down the stairs to find a girl sleeping on the couch. "Hermione?" he softly whispered, gently shaking the girl awake. "What are you doing here?""I wanted to join you for morning practice." Yawned Hermione. "So I went down when I woke up around midnight. How early is it?""Five in the morning." Chuckled Yrrah, as the girl groaned. "Why were you awake so late?""I missed my mom and dad." Admitted Hermione. "I've never been this far away from them."Neville walked down the stairs. "I'm ready." He announced and Yrrah offered Hermione a small smile and a hand up."Shall we make your parents proud?" he asked and the trio walked out the room."Where are we going Y?" asked Hermione."My dad told me about a training room that I can enter and ward so only we can use it." Explained Yrrah as he led them through the halls towards the room of requirement, which had been his bedroom for the last few years as well as the indoor training rooms. Bypassing the doors for the living quarters, Yrrah placed his hand on the wall and a door appeared."How could your dad have found this?" asked Hermione in wonder while they walked around the room. "This is amazing."Yrrah shrugged, "My dad is a powerful wizard. Come sit down in the middle, we will start this morning with mind training.""Mind training?" both asked confused."What do you guys know about occlumency and legilimency?" Yrrah sat down in meditation mode with his legs crossed. Hermione looked confused and Neville thoughtful but neither gave an explanation so Yrrah continued. "Legilimency can be used to read someone's thoughts, a strong wizard who is a master in legilimency, could even control someone's thoughts with it or send someone dreams.""That's awful." exclaimed Hermione."It is, that's why there is occlumency." Explained Yrrah. "Occlumency is an art that protects someone's mind. My mom and Uncle Sal also invented a potion to make a basic Occlumency shield till you can establish strong enough ones on your own.""Do you have the potion?" pressed Neville."Yes." A bit hesitantly pulled Yrrah two vials from his potions belt. "I have a lot of secrets, most of which I can't tell you. However, I can share some of them once your minds are protected."Hermione took the two vials and handed one to Neville before drowning hers. "Teach me Occlumency."For the first hour Yrrah explained the basics of the mind arts before they started on physical training.Around seven, two very tired first years dragged their bodies to the side and collapsed to watch Yrrah go one more round."Are we really going to do this?" Panted Neville. "Like every day?""M'Fraid so." Moaned Hermione. "Look at Yrrah, he's good motivation. I want to be able to do that." Yrrah was fighting a drone the muggle way and kicking the drone's arse.When Yrrah was finished they made their way back to Gryffindor tower for a quick shower and change. At half past seven the three friends arrived in the Great Hall for breakfast. They were the first to arrive."I'm exhausted." moaned Neville resting his head on the table."Me too and we only did a quarter of Yrrah's training." Hermione laid herself down next to Neville."You'll get used to it." Yrrah handed them two new vials. "Here, Pepper-up potions." He took his own special potion from his uncle.Gratefully the two drowned the vials and were able to sit up a bit straighter.Professor McGonagall walked up to the friends. "Good morning Miss Granger, Mr. Longbottom, Mr. Pendragon, you slept well I hope?""Lovely." Said Hermione with a smile thinking about laying down."I wish I could go back to bed." Sighed Neville.Yrrah shrugged, "I missed my family but other than that it was fine.""That's understandable." McGonagall gave him a sympathetic smile. "You could write to them today Mr. Pendragon. I have the timetables for the first years." She handed them the papers and went back to the staff table.Monday08.30 – 10.00 Wizard Customs- Ravenclaw10.15 – 11.45 Transfiguration- Hufflepuff12.30 – 14.00 History of Magic- All14.15 – 15.45 History of Magic- AllTuesday08.30 – 10.00 Charms- Slytherin10.15 – 11.45 Charms- Slytherin12.30 – 14.00 Transfiguration- Hufflepuff14.15 – 15.45 Defence Against the Dark Arts- SlytherinWednesday08.30 – 10.00 Defence Against the Dark Arts- Slytherin10.15 – 11.45 Herbology- Hufflepuff12.30 – 14.00 Herbology- Hufflepuff23.30 – 01.00 Astronomy- AllThursday10.15 – 11.45 Transfiguration- Hufflepuff12.30 – 14.00 Potions- Slytherin14.15 – 15.45 Potions- SlytherinFriday08.30 – 10.00 Wizard Customs- Ravenclaw10.15 – 11.45 Charms- Slytherin12.30 – 14.00 Defence Against the Dark Arts- Slytherin"That's a lot of hours every week." Mumbled Neville, "Why are most with only one other house and History and Astronomy with all?""My guess is that we don't use magic in those classes and it isn't necessary to have constant supervision." Mussed Hermione. "At least we can sleep in on Thursday after Astronomy." she placed the schedule in her bag. "We've got forty-five minutes until Wizard customs. First magical class.""Yeah," said Neville. "I'm curious about wizard customs, see if they can teach me anything my grandmother hasn't told me. Hey, can we go to the owlery before class? I forgot to do that last night and want to tell gran and aunt Lily that I'm a lion.""Of course. I want to send a letter to my parents as well." Hermione said.They were the first to arrive in the classroom, except for Professor Black who was sitting in front of the class with the Daily Prophet in his hands. He raised an eyebrow when he saw the trio. "You're early, most first years get lost on their first day.""Hogwarts: A History has a complete map on the back pages." Hermione stated. "It wasn't that hard to find."The professor hummed before turning back to the paper. When the others arrived, Black put the paper away and looked out at the fresh group of student. "Welcome to your first class in Hogwarts, Lions and Ravens." He started. "In this class you'll be taught the wizarding worlds laws, politics, how to behave at a social event, etiquette lessons and last but not least dancing." Black stayed silent until the whispers died off. "I know some of you have been taught this since you could walk." His grey-blue eyes went to Neville. "However, there are a lot of you who don't have the education of a Scion of a Noble or even Ancient and Noble house.""Or a Most Ancient and Most Noble house." Whispered a Ravenclaw behind them in awe. "Until last night it was believed they had disappeared in time. Can you believe we have an actual heir of the original six in our class?"Yrrah clenched his hands into fists, which Hermione saw and tried to calm him by rubbing his arm. This was what he was afraid of."Mr. Pendragon may have been born into a certain family and outside these halls that might be important, but in here, he is a student like everyone else. He asked not to be called by his official title and we'll treat him like everyone else outside of formal occasions." Yrrah gave the professor a grateful look, and Black offered a nod in return. "Are there any other questions before we start?""Are you really Harry Potter's godfather?" the Ravenclaw, Padma Patil, asked."Was Potter a powerful baby?" asked Ron.Yrrah watched as the Professor became tense. "Let me make one thing clear. You're here for lessons about customs, not about my godson. I will give you this warning only once, ask me about my godson again and you WILL lose house points."The rest of the class, ironically enough, consisted of a history lesson about the Ancient and Noble houses.Yrrah frowned in dismay when he looked at the names on the board.House Pendragon House EmrysThe two Most Ancient and Most Noble houses, mostly known as the royalty of magical BritainHouse Gryffindor House Ravenclaw House Hufflepuff House SlytherinThe four Ancient and most Noble houses, the Dukes of the magical worldHouses Potter, Longbottom, Peverell, Davies, Black, Greengrass, Bones, & DiggoryThe eight Ancient and Noble houses, the Earls of the magical worldHouses Abbot, Malfoy, Tracy, Prince, Weasley, Prewitt, Lestrange, & AveryThe eight Noble houses, Barons of the magical worldSo far no one had asked him if he belonged to the magical house Pendragon and how close he was to the lordship, but he knew it was just a matter of time. Hermione was shooting him looks, as was the rest of the class, and it was getting on his nerves.Both Hermione and Yrrah smiled at Neville when the boy glowed after Professor Black awarded him points for answering a question right. Maybe they could change his shy self-image.They took their time walking towards Transfiguration. The professor wasn't there yet, only a cat sitting on the desk, but there were still ten minutes left before class started.Where the Wizard customs classroom had long rows of tables, this classroom had sets of two tables together. Yrrah sat down in the second row after assuring Neville and Hermione that he didn't mind sitting alone. The two had turned their chairs so they could chat before class started.The trio looked up when two Hufflepuffs stopped in front of their table.Neville smiled. "Hey Susan, Hannah.""Hey Nev." The red haired girl smiled. "How are you? It was a surprise when I heard your name during the sorting.""Fine, glad I got my letter." Neville blushed at the reminder that he was thought to be a squib. "May I introduce my friends, Hermione Granger and Yrrah Pendragon.""Are you muggleborn Yrrah?" asked Hannah carefully.Yrrah shyly smiled. "Either a half or pureblood, but does that really matter?""Not to us but to the old customs it does." Susan gave him a smile before curtsying to Yrrah as the old customs demanded. "Scion Pendragon. May I introduce myself, I'm Lady Susan Amelia Bones. Scion Heir of the Ancient and Noble House of Bones, Heir to the Earl of Mercia and my friend Hannah Abbott, Scion of the Noble House of Abbott. I wanted to welcome you to England and while I know that Neville is capable of explaining to you about the English wizarding ways I wanted to offer to help you with any questions you might have, my Prince.""Lady Bones, Lady Abbott. I thank you for your offer but I'm sure I can manage. Oh and please, call me Yrrah." The young boy said. "I'm trying to keep the prince thing quiet.""Susan and Hannah." Offered Hannah in return. "Good luck with keeping that a secret.""So it is true?" asked Hermione on a soft tone. "You are royalty?""The Goblins confirmed it." Said Yrrah making the magical raised look up surprised. "But I'm nothing special. My family is probably less concerned about the customs than a muggleborn. No offence Hermione.""None taken." Said the girl. "So my first friend ever is a prince. Wait until it comes out and I can tell Nathalie Kilsdonk about it." At the looks of confusion she explained. "A bully from my former school.""Well, let's keep it silent for as long as we can and after that I'll gladly go with you to meet this bully." said Yrrah, "Hannah, Susan would you like to join us for this class?"The girls looked back to the other Hufflepuffs, sitting on the right side of the classroom, then turned to the Gryffindors on the right side, before shrugging and sitting down in the row behind them, right in the middle.The first years were silent the moment the cat turned into Professor McGonagall. Hermione whispered 'Animagus' to Neville who nodded. Yrrah smiled, for a muggleborn Hermione didn't stand out that much.McGonagall held a similar talk as Black about her class, what they were going to learn and how, before distributing matches and instructing the eleven year olds on how to turn them into needles.While he could do it with just a wave of his hand, Yrrah wanted to learn the spell/wand way like a normal student.From the book his mother had given him, Yrrah knew the most important thing with transfiguration is envisioning the final result. For a minute he studied the match, weighed it in his hand, felt the structure of the wood. Then he took a deep breath and closed his eyes, after making sure his wand was pointed at the match.Whispering the incarnation under his breath, he ordered his magic through his wand."You did it." Gasped Hannah, seated slightly behind Yrrah on his left side. Hermione and Neville turned around, staring at him with awe. Hermione was holding a match with a silvery top while Neville's match was still the same."How did you do that?" asked Hermione."Uh… just what my book told me." Yrrah opened his weightless and bottomless backpack and did a wandless accio for his mother's self-written beginner's guide to Transfiguration.McGonagall came to see if Yrrah truly had turned his match into a needle, he would be the first first-year to achieve that in the first lesson since Transfiguration prodigy James Potter. Her eyes widened at the title. Transfiguration, deform or alter your target by Rowena Ravenclaw. "Where did you get this book?"Opening the book to find the right page, Yrrah absently answered, "My mom gave this to me. It's been in our family for a long time." Before turning to his friends once again. "Here it is, it's a step for step explanation of how you should use your mind for better Transfiguration."Both Hufflepuff Girls, Hermione and Neville copied the text that Yrrah pointed out. Ron Weasley whispered some not so kind words about 'teachers pets' and 'show-offs' which made the Gryffindors keep away, afraid of Ron's words. The Hufflepuff's looked at them before Ernie Macmillan whispered about rich kids and he could learn without special help, which made the two others look between him and Yrrah before focusing on their match again."Mr. Pendragon, may I borrow this book for a few days?" the teacher asked when the four were done with the page.Yrrah looked hesitating, "Well, you may, but I need to get it back undamaged. My mom will literally kill me if I bring the book back with even the smallest scratch, or even worse food stains.""I give you my word that you'll get your book back the same way you left it." McGonagall took the book in her hands as if it was the Holy Grail. "Take twenty points for Gryffindor for your perfect transfiguration Mr. Pendragon. Just start on your homework until class is done.""May I help my friends instead, professor?" asked Yrrah."You may." She said before walking to the desk, her face buried in Rowena's book.When class ended Susan, Hannah and Hermione had succeed in changing the match into a silver needle, earning ten points each. Neville's match had turned silver with a point but was still wood, earning him five points. None of the others had made any progress.The five friends walked towards the Great Hall for lunch."Do you Lady's want to join us for lunch?" asked Neville shy."Uhm is that allowed?" Hannah questioned."One way to find out." Yrrah looked at the head table, several professors were seated already but Professor Black was the only one he really knew and the professor had said that he would answer questions about school customs. "Stay here for a moment." He said to his friends before walking up to the head table.Some teachers looked up, surprised when Yrrah walked up to them, offering a small bow to Professor Black."Professor Black, my apologize for interrupting your lunch." Said Yrrah.Sirius frowned at the young prince but still placed his cutlery down to face said student. "Not a problem Mr. Pendragon. How may I help you?""My friends and I want to enjoy lunch together but were unsure if it's ok to sit at a table that is not your house table. We haven't seen other students mingle.""I don't know if it's against the rules, it has never really happened before. Most students who mingle do so outside of the Great Hall. You'll have to ask the Headmaster."Yrrah gave him a thankful nod. "Thank you for your time Professor." Before turning to the Headmaster and repeating his question."You may sit at other tables Mr. Pendragon." Dumbledore said with twinkling blue eyes. "We support and encourage friendships beyond houses. Now go on my boy, have fun mingling.""Thank you Headmaster Dumbledore." Yrrah bowed again before walking back to his friends. "Lunch at Gryffindor and dinner at the Hufflepuff table." Said Yrrah with a smile, sitting down at the table next to Neville and opposite of the three ladies. Most students looked curiously at the two Puff's but soon shrugged their shoulders and focused on more important stuff like food."What is bothering you Nev?" asked Yrrah after watching Neville only poking at his lunch."I don't get it." Sighed Neville. "I did everything you said during class but it still didn't work. Maybe my uncle was right and I'm not as powerful as my parents.""You're young Nev. Your power is still growing. You'll be a great wizard one day. I can feel it." Reassured Yrrah, after seeing a small smile on Neville's lips he turned to the Puff's. "So we have history together. I've always loved history.""Well, what I've heard from my older brother is that it's horrible." Admitted Hannah. "It's taught by a ghost.""A ghost?" Yrrah comment disbelieving. "Are you serious?""Yeah. My Aunty told me the same." Nodded Susan. "Professor Binns just talks the whole lesson and people literally fall asleep from his voice.""How can they? It's important to pay attention, it could end up on a test!" burst Hermione out."I'm sure we'll manage." Neville said. "You probably know the book by heart.""Yeah but…""No buts Hermione." Said Yrrah between bites. "Everything will be alright. You'll see."I could really use some positive reviews.My change with Flora's story is that Lily made sure to spend time with her godson, even if Neville lived with his grandmother. The Potters still spend the last few years trying to find Peter and Harry.With love, Shylily

Disclaimer, still in the part that Flora wrote while JK Rowling still owns everythingHannah and Susan hadn't exaggerated, it truly was hard to stay awake. Professor Binns didn't even check if everyone was there; he floated in, opened his book and started speaking. Sadly, the tables were arranged by house so the Hufflepuff girls sat on the other side of the room between the snakes and the ravens, while the lions sat on the right side next to the ravens.It didn't take long for most student to fall asleep.Neville was nodding trying to stay awake when he suddenly moaned. "Oh, for the love of Merlin, how long until this torture ends.""I already know I'll learn more from my book than this class and I've been here for ten minutes top." Whispered Yrrah. "We're better off with self-study.""Well… okay you may be right." Admitted Hermione, "What if he says something important though and we miss it…" she looked at Yrrah who placed a special quill on a piece of parchment; touching it lightly with his school wand the quill started to write every word the ghost said. "I need one of those. Where did you buy it?""It was a gift from Maeghen, the lady who brought me to England. I'll copy the notes for you if you want. So, Neville, how about we complete our Transfiguration homework? Hermione?"Placing a ward around them that no sound would leave their table, they used the remainder of the history class to complete their homework for Transfiguration and Wizard customs."If we go over this after dinner, we shouldn't have any problems keeping up." Hermione said going over the notes, while Neville and Yrrah guided her to make sure she didn't bump into anyone. "Homework could be done before we go to bed.""May we join you?" asked Susan, as the two girls caught up with them."If you have other books like the Transfiguration one, I would love to learn from them." Added Hannah."Of course." Neville smiled. "I mean, if the others don't mind.""The more the merrier." Hermione smiled. After agreeing to meet for dinner at five, the trio headed outside. Sitting under a tree they worked on their mind shields for a good hour not knowing that they were being watched by the grey blue eyes of their customs professor.During dinner they sat at the Hufflepuff table, ignoring the looks and whispers surrounding them, they discussed their classes and got to know each other better.As the next three days went by, Yrrah would have started to regret ever coming to Hogwarts if it weren't for the four friends standing at his side. It didn't go on unnoticed how well educated Yrrah was, or how quickly his four friends picked things up after Yrrah showed them the way which lead to some hard feelings.Ron had convinced their fellow Gryffindor year mates that the trio were just a bunch of boring kiss-asses and the red head didn't let a chance slip by to insult one of them. Most students laughed at their expense when they noticed that Yrrah was indeed nothing more than a bookworm. The rumors that he may have been a prince were believed false by many and the older students, from the remaining pureblood wizard families, had heard from their parents that Yrrah held no power whatsoever, even if the rumors were true. He was still a minor and not even a Lord.There were many hateful words tossed their way when they received their homework back marked with an Outstanding. They were getting tripped in the halls and pieces of parchment were tossed at their heads when they answered a question right.However, they stood strong, they suffered in silence and ignored the comments. Every morning, the three Gryffindors went to train mentally and physically (Neville and Hermione were still getting used to the morning training, but both secretly loved it), had breakfast at the Gryffindor table and went to class. Lunch was taken outside where they picnicked on the grass before heading inside for their evening classes. When the school day was finished, they met up in the library where they completed their homework before dinner. After dinner at the Hufflepuff table, it was back to the library to read and prepare for the next day's classes and then off to bed.They had met new teachers each day that first week. Tuesday, they had Charms, Transfiguration and Defense Against the Dark Arts (DADA). Professor Flitwick was a short little half Goblin and the trio loved his lessons. He taught with passion and wholeheartedly. Professor McGonagall continued to test Yrrah while Hermione, Susan and Hannah did their best to follow as fast as they could. Neville sadly continued to have trouble with channeling his magic through his wand. DADA was taught by Professor Quirrell, who in Yrrah's eyes belonged in the same category as Binns. The person teaching them defense looked scared of his own students. Wednesday during DADA he even looked like he would pass out when Hermione asked him a question. Afterwards during Herbology they discussed the teacher with Susan and Hannah who were about as impressed with Quirrell as they were of Ron Weasley.Thursday morning, even though they could sleep in this morning because they had Astronomy the previous night, the trio were up at their regular time and in the training hall where they worked every morning on their mind shields and physical endurance. They could also be found there between the last class of the day and dinner, practicing spells and dueling. Yrrah trained on practice dummies, setting the levels as high as they could go. Neville and Hermione mostly used the dummies on a lower level or practiced on each other.Yrrah smiled at his friends who tiredly dropped down next to him. The two Puff's weren't up yet when the trio sat down for breakfast. Pulling three vials from his pocket, two with Pep written on them and one red potion with a Y on it, he gave the Pepper-up potions to his friends and took the red Y potion for himself."What does your potion do?" asked Hermione curious. "I've seen you take it every morning.""My uncle made this specially for me." Mused Yrrah. "You could say I would quickly get sick breathing the British air and I need this potion to adapt myself to the different air type here. I can live without it, but it makes me a bit depressed, like something important is gone.""Sounds like homesickness to me." Chuckled Neville."Let's chuck it up to homesickness." Smiled Yrrah. "Bottoms up." They drowned the vials and Yrrah placed them back in his bag. Turning to Hermione, he asked; "Want to taste something I invented?""It won't kill us?" joked Hermione."It won't, you'll love it." Laughed Neville. "He let me taste it when we were shopping for school supplies.""Maeghen did compare it with going to heaven but she's a bit strange." Yrrah pulled out his flask. "Hermione, your parents are muggle dentist, so you know one or two things about healthy food, right? Can you make the healthiest breakfast you can imagine? Doesn't matter how it tastes, just make it as healthy as you can."Nodding at the strange request, Hermione filled three bowls with never touched whole-grain cereals, filled a plate with different fruits and filled three glasses with milk. "My dad makes sure he eats this before his rugby games. The cereal is horrible but healthy."Yrrah let three drops fall on each bowl of cereal. "And now?"Uncertainly Hermione took a bite. Her eyes went wide. "Oh no you didn't!"Neville followed. "Chocolate." hummed the eleven-year-old boy, before taking another bite."No, it tastes like strawberries." Corrected Hermione. "What is this?""This potion makes sure that you taste what you desire the most." Yrrah said, enjoying the taste of his mother's homemade cookies. "Every bite is what you want the most, so it can change every second. You shouldn't use it every day though, or you would never learn new flavors.""This is amazing." Hermione moaning. "I missed my mom's pancakes. You designed this yourself? Is that how you earned your mastery?"Yrrah nodded, he had told them how he would only follow one potions class before he received his mastery. But first he wanted to know how good professor Snape was for the possibility that the man could teach him something new.They met Susan and Hannah outside the Transfiguration classroom where Yrrah and Neville wordlessly handed them sandwiches. Hermione held two goblets with pumpkin juice. The girls had just woken up and had skipped breakfast."Our heroes." Sighed Susan. Hannah was too busy eating to thank the three Gryffindors."Perfect Pendragon was the only one up on time to go to breakfast." The annoying voice of Ron Weasley sounded behind them. "What was it this time Pendragon? Couldn't miss the library for longer than an hour?" the red head laughed. "Prince Perfect Pendragon, the king of books.""You know Ron." Said Hermione indifferent. "If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you are now. Oh, and for your information, Yrrah, Nev and I were enjoying a walk around the lake."Well, technically that wasn't a lie, it was a run around a lake in the changed training room, a place Ron Weasley did not need to know about. Yrrah had introduced them to the more magical part of the room of requirement. Hermione had designed a training exercise around a lake where dangers jumped up from everywhere. They had spent the morning running and diving from tickle hexes and had enjoyed their 'walk' very much.The classroom door opened, and the five friends took their seats. The class went by quickly and they started to make their way to the Gryffindor table to gather some picnic food. On their way outside to their usual spot they discussed the lesson they had just left. Once again, out of the five, only Neville hadn't completed the assignment."What if it isn't your strength, but your wand?" pondered Yrrah. "A wand makes the wizard. What is your core?""I don't know." Admitted Neville as they sat down on the blanket."Ollivander didn't tell you Neville?" said Susan surprised.Neville shook his head. "This is my dad's wand. I'm honoring him by using his while he can't.""A wand is special for a wizard." Hannah said. "No two are the same, you can't use your dad's, it wouldn't work for you.""I have spare wands with me Nev," offered Yrrah. "We'll try for a better fit after Potions.""My grandma..." protested Neville."Lady Longbottom would want you to reach your full potential Nev." Said Susan. "She's a little old fashioned so she probably doesn't know using your dad's wand wouldn't work for you. Try one of Yrrah's wands.""I will," promised Neville. "Yrrah what's wrong…""Excuse me, children." A voice said behind them. Turning around and looking up they were met with the figure of Dumbledore, who Yrrah had sensed was coming. "Mr. Pendragon. I was wondering if I may have a moment of your time after dinner?""As long as I still have time to complete my homework, sir." Said Yrrah with a stoned face."Don't worry, it won't take too long. Professor Black will guide you to my office when you're finished eating with your friends. Have a nice lunch and I'll see you tonight." He walked away."That was strange." Said Hannah looking up. "What's even more strange, is that normally owls only arrive during breakfast."The group looked up to see Hedwig coming towards them, holding a packet of letters. "Hey girl," Yrrah said, holding out a piece of bacon. "Answer from Ragnok?""Ragnok?" asked Susan. "As in the goblin king?""Yes, he had promised to do something for me. I hope it worked." Yrrah said absently while awarding Hedwig with another piece of bacon.Dear Yrrah,I was delighted to receive your letter before my morning tea at ten. I still would appreciate a letter before Saturday to ensure you made it through your week in full health.Everything we discussed has been accomplished.You're friendRagnok"Great." Yrrah mumbled burning the letter. "Well it's time for potions.""The dungeon bat." sighed Neville, looking at the castle. "Well, I have to face him at some point. Susan, Hannah, good luck in charms.""Please come back alive." Sniffled Susan dramatically. "Don't let Snape turn you into potions ingredients.""We will fight to our last breath." Assured Yrrah. "However, if we don't return, know that I… I loved… chocolate cake."It didn't take long for the three to reach the Potions classroom. Neville and Hermione sat down in the first row again, Hermione would be keeping an eye on the clumsy boy to help him and this way if Yrrah left the class neither of them would be left on their own."Pendragon don't you have someone to work with?" Malfoy bragged. "I had people begging to be my partner, if you beg real good, I'll make you my assistant.""Trust me when I say that me not having a partner won't be a problem after this class. I'm not planning on staying long.""You're leaving?" asked a blond haired Slytherin girl surprised."Depends." said Yrrah back when the professor walked in.His robes flowed behind him as he studied the first years. "There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion-making. However, for those select few... Who possess, the predisposition... I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death." Snape didn't need to raise his voice as he talked about the art of potion making before starting to read the list with names. "Pendragon, our new golden boy." Sneered the greasy man. "Tell me, what will I get if I add Powdered Root of Asphodel to an infusion of Wormwood?"Yrrah's eyes narrowed, this wasn't first year material. "Together they make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death.""Where would you look if I tell you to find me a Bezoar?"Yrrah pulled a stone from his potions belt and showed it to the teacher. "I always carry one with me. A Bezoar is a stone, taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons."Snape was openly glaring. "What is the difference between Monkshood and Wolfsbane?""They are the same plant which also goes by the name of Aconite." Yrrah said."Ten points for your cheek Pendragon. Well, why aren't you all writing this down?" Snape turned, his robes dramatically flowing behind him. "Today you'll be working on a cure for boils. The instructions are on the board."Yrrah pulled out his potions kit and started to prepare the ingredients with a small glance at the instructions. He could brew this one in his sleep and even than it would be a better version than the one written down on that board.He silently went to work, focusing on preparing the needed ingredients when Neville whispered his name.Snape was bending over their table. "Five points from Gryffindor Mr. Pendragon. Can't you read the instructions in your book or do you feel you are too good for them? That's not the correct way to cut Flobberworms."Everyone except Yrrah's three friends and two girls sniggered. Hermione and Neville smiled but not because of Snape's insult. Strangely, two of the Slytherin girls, one the blond girl from before, looked indifferent."This is how I've been taught sir." Yrrah said with a straight face. "My teacher taught me the old ways of brewing. It makes the potions more powerful than the modern-day technique most potion masters use.""Another ten points for your cheek." Snape said lowly, leaning over Yrrah. "I'll have you know that there is not better technique. My way of brewing has been the best in Britain for years.""Well, it's a good thing I'm not from Britain." Smiled Yrrah. "So how about a brewing challenge after class?""I will not engage myself in a brewing challenge with some insolence fist-year." Snapped Snape."Are you scared sir?" asked Yrrah. "I'll even let you choose the potion from the NEWT-class. If I win, myself and the student helping me will earn fifty points. If you win, I lose fifty points and will serve a detention in which I'll prepare potion ingredients your way until Halloween."Snape scribbled something down on parchment. "Go to your head of house and make sure you're back here at half past four. We'll be making the draught of living death you're so familiar with." Snape turned to the Gryffindors, "Any off you want to join Mr. Pendragon in detention until Halloween?"Hermione and Neville looked at their friend but Yrrah shook his head. Yrrah would be free from Potions by tomorrow, if Snape carried a grudge, which he probably would, he didn't want Neville and Hermione to face the teachers anger."Nev remember, when brewing this potion, the cauldron must be taken off the fire before adding the porcupine quills." Yrrah said putting his stuff back in his backpack. "I'll see you soon."Just then Ron Weasley's cauldron exploded, creating boils all over the Gryffindors surrounding him.Yrrah sighed. "Told you Nev. Take of the cauldron off the heat first.""OUT!" yelled Snape and Yrrah made his way to the Transfiguration classroom.He knocked on the door, waiting for the 'come in' before opening it. Professor McGonagall was behind her desk, before her were the Weasley twins he met at the welcoming feast."Mr. Pendragon, shouldn't you be in Potions right now?" asked the professor surprised."Professor Snape and I got into an argument." Yrrah said blunt. "Leading me challenging him to a brewing competition. He ordered me to give you this note. I'm sorry for the interruption, I'm going to prepare now."Turning on his heels, Yrrah walked out the room just hearing the dismissal from McGonagall to the twins."Young Yrrah, we're forever in your debt." Said one of the twins."We were sure Minnie was going to wring our necks.""Just a misunderstanding about some Slytherins with green hair during Transfiguration.""Somehow you managed to piss of Snape and stun our dear Minnie.""Respect young Pendragon."Yrrah raised an eyebrow, what spell were they using? Or did one have the power to create a mind link? "I'm sorry, we spoke at the welcoming feast, but what are your names again?""I'm sorry, we young master, are George and Fred.""Scion from Noble house Weasley.""The master pranksters of Hogwarts.""And your faithfully servants.""Not because you're maybe a prince.""Or something like that.""No, mostly because you managed to piss of Snape so much to get Minnie speechless in one prank.""Something we've been trying to do since we met them.""Thank you." Yrrah smiled giving a mocking bow. "You want to help me to piss him off even more and make the whole school speechless? Plus earn 150 points for Gryffindor in the same prank?""Keep talking. Young prankster." Fred said wrapping an arm around Yrrah's shoulders."Yes, keep talking." repeated George.Word had spread quickly and Yrrah received a note that the brewing challenge had moved to a bigger classroom because the normal classroom lacked enough space for the large audience.Fred and George were enthusiastic and had copied Yrrah's potions journal for the recipe. Yrrah handed them each a complete copy of one of his uncle's books to borrow for the day. Every ingredient and the best way to prepare them by Salazar Slytherin."While we have never liked snakes." Said Fred."We have to admit that Sally was a master in potions."Yrrah smiled. "Well we lions always have the strongest spells." Pulling another book from his bag he showed it to his new friends. "How to embrace your magical core by Godric Gryffindor.""Where did you get those books? Not even the Hogwarts Library has books from the four founders.""I'm the descendant of the royal six." Shrugged Yrrah, shouldering his bag. "Our library is huge with some special and even dangerous books. Are you ready to annoy the greasy bat?""We sure are O' Master Pendragon." Chorused the twins. They flanked Yrrah as they made their way to the appointed classroom which was filled with students. Two cauldrons were waiting for them and an official Potion Master from the Ministry had arrived to judge the potions competition."Professor Snape, these gentlemen offered their assistance to me." Said Yrrah, taking a stand next to his table."You better give up now. With those two dunderheads you couldn't even brew lemon drops." Snape sneered.Before Yrrah could respond, the Ministry official cleared his throat and started the competition. "Welcome students and teachers of this beautiful school." The man announced. "My name is Jonathan Grave and I will be the judge to this brewing competition. The draught that will be prepared is the Draught of Living Death, one of the hardest potions to make correctly. By the left cauldron stands, Potions Master Severus Tobias Snape!" the Slytherins cheered for their Head of House while the Gryffindors boo-ed. "The challenger, by the right cauldron, is His Royal Highness, Prince Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon," it became deadly silent with the official confirmation that Yrrah was indeed a prince. This was the first time Yrrah was actually announced as royalty. Once the audience gathered their wits and remembered why they were there the boo-ing became cheering and the cheering became boo-ing. Yrrah just rolled his eyes when Potions Master Gave announced his name. "You have an hour to brew, the potions will be tested on rabbits and the rabbit that requires the most drops of antidote wins. Are you ready? Start!"Fred immediately started with preparing the Sopophorous bean with the help of Uncle Salazar's book.George charmed a beaker to stand completely still while Yrrah put water and African sea salt in it. The two left the cup alone for five minutes during which they prepared the essence of wormwood the way Yrrah was taught before George lifted his spell and Yrrah poured the water/salt mixture into the cauldron.The redhead held the cauldron to the right while Yrrah charmed ten even drops from the prepared wormwood into the cauldron, George then tilted the cauldron the other way and Yrrah repeated the action.Without waiting to be told, George got to work preparing the three Valerian roots they would need, chopping them into small squared pieces. Yrrah threw the pieces from one root into a beaker with water and they left it for another five minutes. With a grin, Yrrah noted the smooth black currant-colored liquid. It was perfect.Fred poured his Sopophorous bean's juice into the cauldron and George added seven drops of the reduced liquid from the beaker after making sure that there were no traces or fragments of Valerian root left behind. He then started working on the root of asphodel.Yrrah started to stir the potion clockwise until the potion turned a light shade of lilac. Then he stirred the potion counterclockwise until the potion turned as clear as water.Slowly, Fred put the required pieces of the second Valerian root into the clear liquid and Yrrah resumed stirring counterclockwise. George followed this action by adding the root of asphodel. Yrrah counted the seconds and the turns as he stirred. Ten times counterclockwise and eight times clockwise. Every stir 2.5 seconds.Then they left the potion to settle for two and a half minutes, while they cleaned their workspace. Yrrah added one small piece of the third Valerian root and the potion turned to a pale pink color. Perfect.Yrrah bottled the potion and sat it on the cleaned table. Pulling out three chocolate frogs, he handed two to the twins and together they watched Snape finish his version.The professor sneered when he noticed that the Gryffindors were done but focused back on his potion. It took him another half hour to finish, and the whole room turned silent when he bottled the pink liquid."Our brewers are done, now we charm exactly the same amount into the stomachs of the rabbits." Potions Master Grave held the first vial next to the test rabbits. For this potion the weight and height of the animal didn't matter only the amount of potion."First, as the rules said, the challenged Potions Master Severus Tobias Snape." Grave had to mumble twelve charms for twelve drops of antidote before the rabbit woke up. Snape gave a satisfied nod. "A great result. The highest number of antidote drops recorded is thirteen, a very good result Potions Master Snape. Now, the challenger His Royal Highness, Prince Yrrah…"Yrrah cut him off. "Please, I'm a student, just Yrrah, or Pendragon.""Uh well, the uh challenger Mister Pendragon." Grave was thrown off by Yrrah's interruption but managed to gather himself. He started to chant the spell to send the antidote into the rabbit, by ten Snape lost his satisfied look, by twelve he started to frown, by fourteen he had a look of disbelieve. Yrrah's rabbit needed fifteen drops before it would wake up.The silence was broken by the professor. "He cheated." Yelled Snape. "This is impossible!""The test doesn't lie." Argued Grave. "But I am interested how an eleven-year-old could break the record.""My tutor has been teaching me since I was one on how to prepare ingredients." Yrrah accepted the book Fred handed him. "When Professor Snape insulted my preparing methods, it was disrespectful to my main potions teacher and I couldn't stand for that. My family has been taught potions from the same book for ages and I won't let anyone insult that."Snape gasped when he saw the title. "Salazar Slytherin. How…"When the professor tried to take the book, Yrrah banished it back to his trunk. "Potion Master Snape, my warning to you is what Salazar Slytherin once said. Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups, Professor Snape. Those idiots can turn against you because you insulted the wrong guy. So, don't insult people before you're sure they deserve it. You never know what ally you could find in an idiot. I've been taught different from you, but does that make my method wrong? No. Does that make yours wrong? No! Instead of insulting me, you could have asked how and why I did something different. Professor McGonagall did it and you can ask her how that worked out."All eyes turned to the witch, who looked at the ground. "Mr. Pendragon lent me his founder's book about Transfiguration. His method is different from mine, it costs more energy but for young students it trains their magical core and helps with greater focus. The details are better with Ravenclaw's method, but it's exhausting.""So, with your insolence Professor Snape, Gryffindor earns 150 points. We thank you." With that, Yrrah turned around, leaving the classroom with the Weasley twins and his friends following. The audience was left standing there shocked.Snape didn't turn up for dinner, neither did Dumbledore. The trio was seated at the Hufflepuff table, discussing homework for tomorrow and what they were going to work on in the library after dinner."I must say, I'm impressed Yrrah." Hannah said, nodding her thanks to Susan as she handed her a piece of pie. "You managed to earn 150 point for Gryffindor from Snape. Probably the whole of Gryffindor is looking up to you right now.""Yeah," Neville pointed at the twins. "The twins are now the Heroes of Gryffindor table. Everyone wants to know how you guys did it."Yrrah shrugged. "Just followed my book, I can copy the text if you want.""What I wonder is how you got such an insight on a Slytherin mind, you pointed out all of Snape's flaws as a Slytherin without blinking." Susan said diplomatically, but curiously all the same."My parents and aunt and uncle all went to Hogwarts after being home taught for a while. My Uncle is a Slytherin, my Aunt a Hufflepuff. My Mom is a Ravenclaw and Dad is a Gryffindor. I see their personalities in the houses."Seeing Professor Black making his way over, Yrrah stood up, shouldering his backpack. "I'm sorry but I have an appointment with the Headmaster. Neville, I'm confident you can entertain the ladies for the remaining part of dinner, I'll meet you in the library afterwards."Neville turned scarlet red when he noticed that he was surrounded by three girls."Professor Black, shall we make our way to the office of the Headmaster?" Yrrah said.Black gave him a small nod and walked past Yrrah out of the hall."Will you accompany me during my talk with the Headmaster?" questioned Yrrah. "I don't know Professor Dumbledore and my guardian can't be notified."The professor looked hesitant. "If you want.""Thank you." sighed Yrrah. "My parents warned me to never speak with powerful wizards on my own.""Why would they do that?" asked Black."I'm eleven and the Heir to the Crown of Magic." Said Yrrah sorrowful. "Currently the only heir in England. They are afraid they would use me to gain more power.""And I won't? Wait, you are the Heir to the Crown?""Yep got a letter this afternoon from Gringotts's." nodded Yrrah.They were silent after that. Sirius spoke the password to the gargoyle in front of Merlin's office, which was now the Headmaster's office.Yrrah was hit by memories of him sitting in the middle of the room with blocks, playing under the watchful eye of his grandfather, or reading at the desk, during one of his 'punishments'. Even the chosen one had his temper tantrums or got caught pulling a prank and had to deal with a time out afterwards."Mr. Pendragon. How nice of you to join us." Dumbledore was sitting behind his desk; another man was watching Yrrah with a curious look. "That would be all Sirius. Thank you.""Sorry Albus, Mr. Pendragon asked me to stay." Sirius laid his hand on young Prince's shoulder.The man next to Dumbledore looked flabbergasted "That wouldn't be ness…""I would prefer if Professor Black could stay." Said Yrrah softly. "Since my guardian isn't here, Professor Black offered to be the adult on my side.""Well, please sit down." Dumbledore waved his wand and an extra chair appeared for Black. "Yrrah this is Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge. Have you heard of him?"Fudge looked pompous until Yrrah shook his head. "I'm sorry sir. I didn't grow up here in Britain. No-one from my family has been here for many years. I just came to Hogwarts because my parents went here before they left.""That's all right Yrrah." Blue eyes twinkled as the headmaster spoke. "Before we start, I want to congratulate on your Gryffindor attempt to defeat Professor Snape in a brewing challenge…""It wasn't an attempt," Said Yrrah. "I won."It was silent for a moment until Black burst out laughing. "You beat the dungeon bat at his own game? No wonder he didn't show up for dinner. I can't believe I missed that.""Sirius!" Dumbledore frowned. "That's enough. Don't let me hear anything about you pestering poor Severus about this. He probably is sick that he let an eleven-year-old win.""I had help," said Yrrah leaning back in his chair, crossing his arms. "The Weasley twins." Sirius could barely sit upright from his attempt to smother his laughter."Albus, I have to go back to the Ministry soon." Fudge interrupted. "Could we start the questioning?""Yes of course. Yrrah we want to know a little bit more about you. You just appeared out of nowhere with no previous records. This is strange, even more so because this morning we got a letter that you're the Heir to a house we believed to have ended. So, we want to know a little bit more about you, like where did you live before?" tried Dumbledore."I can't tell, it's warded and even if I could it's a private island. No relation to any country you know off.""Aah Wards. Wonderful things, they protect us from harm." Fudge smiled creepy down on Yrrah. "From what I read in the letter from the Goblins, you've taken the claim on the title Pendragon because your parents aren't able to travel to England and you're afraid you'll be taken away from them. Am I correct?" Yrrah nodded. "So, no other motive at all." Pressed the minister."No sir." Said Yrrah. "Just to protect myself. Besides that, I just turned eleven. What can I do with a crown? I was raised as a Prince, with politic lines and stuff but for now I think it's boring and want to stay as far away as I can. No disrespect for your job sir."Fudge actually laughed. "None taken, Yrrah. I was your age once and I thought the same as you, we're just a couple of old boring men arguing over the smallest things." He hesitated. "Can I call you Yrrah?""It is my name." Yrrah shrugged. "Did you only call me to hear about my political influence?""No Yrrah," said Dumbledore. "I… We were wondering about your home life since we don't really know much about you. Most students have been visited at least once by a staff member. You had to send a member of your staff for your enrolment interview. Can you tell me a bit of how your life looked like on a normal day before you started Hogwarts?"Yrrah was inwardly laughing. If Onur could hear the headmaster, imagine, the proud elf as a member of his staff. "Well, I live at home with my mom, dad, aunty, uncle and grandpa. Every morning my dad and I run around the wards to stay strong and healthy." sword training "Then we eat breakfast with the family. I have lessons on either healing, magic or my Metamorphmagus abilities with my mom or aunty." More like Wandless, Shapeshifting, Healing, Element, wish and Dominic's classes "Then we have lunch and afterwards I have language class and potion class and then a few hours free until dinner which I mostly spend playing." Dueling is playing right? I also play with Éowyn, but they don't need to know with who. "We eat dinner than my grandfather helps me study for a few hours in his office before my dad comes to get me for bedtime.""You miss them." Black said with sympathy. "I hear it in your voice.""Of course, I've never been so far away from home." Said the prince. "Most students miss their home the first week.""And the title Lord Pendragon is from your father's side?" Dumbledore mused."My father was adopted, while dad carries his birth name, Lord Pendragon comes from my dad's adoptive dad. I never knew him but through blood adoption his blood flows magical through my mine.""And you were adopted too?" Sirius said thinking back. "Do you know your birth parents?""No and I never want anything to do with them." Yrrah said in a cold voice. "He tried to kill me because I am a metamorphmagus, they are nothing to me. I have a family that loves me, with my changing hair and all. Now if you don't mind, I have homework that demands my attention."Just before Yrrah had reached the door a very familiar voice spoke up. "Young Prince." Everyone looked up to the sorting head. "I may be just an old fool, but even I know from the way you speak about them that your family loves you very much.""Thank you." Yrrah gave a short nod, holstering his backpack higher. "While I have no doubt they do, it's always great to hear. Headmaster Dumbledore, Minister Fudge, Professor Black. Have a nice evening." Mumbled Yrrah before walking out.He had just gotten to the end of the hall when Sirius reached him. "I'll walk with you to the library."Looking up to the black-haired professor, Yrrah nodded in acceptance but didn't answer."You don't trust us, do you?" said Sirius. "The adults, I mean.""Why should I trust you?" Yrrah said looking up to his teacher. "Trust is earned and nobody gave me any reason to thrust them.""That's a gloomy look on the world.""The last time I was in England, I was almost killed. I think I have the right to be a little careful." Yrrah said, stopping at the door to the library. "Thank you for staying, have a nice evening." The brown-haired blue-eyed boy closed the door behind him leaving his professor behind in thought.Thank you to , Jarno, TBM10, geekymom, tymaxion, aPondInTime, shoppingnull, Jdickelman, Silver Wolf and Branchkk for the feedback. I take the suggestions seriously and positive feedback makes it really easier to fix the next chapter.For the questions and remarks by guests I can't personally answer;is yrrah going to have issues with potion master shape or is his behavior going to be improved?I will keep in line with Flora's version and let Snape's attitude improve. Off course I love some bickering between Snape and the marauders but with Lily keeping everyone in check it should be fine. ~ Maybe something with the Mirror could give a hint to Yrrah~I will take that into consideration, I like it. And off course thanks to everyone who followed and favo-ed.Keep safe and stay home if you can, ShyLily

Nope, still don't own Harry, but I did get the illustrated versions from my mom. This is still mostly the chapter from the original story by Flora1309, with slight changes!By the time Yrrah reached the library, three quarters of the group's homework was done. Yrrah silently made his way over to where his first two friends were sitting. Hermione was re-reading her notes and Neville was reading the potions book Yrrah borrowed him. The others were working on their Wizard Customs homework which the trio had completed during History of Magic."Don't you have something better to do?" asked Yrrah, dropping down next to Neville.Neville sat up straight. "Merlin, Yrrah you almost gave me a heart attack." He panted, his hand resting on his heart."How did your talk go?" asked Hermione not looking up from the parchment."Well I got too meet the Minister of Magic and the Headmaster." Yrrah mussed. "I don't think I like either of them."Susan quirked an eyebrow. "Why?""Both were too fascinated with ensuring they wouldn't lose any power to the Lord Pendragon and trying to find out who, and how powerful, my parents are." Said Yrrah. "I don't trust them, they are precisely what my parents warned me about.""Your parent warned you for the minister?" asked Hannah."Not especially the minister." Yrrah stayed silent for a moment wondering about the right way to describe them. "They warned me for power and fame seekers. People who are kind and interested in me because of my titles.""Well, you just summed up our Minister." Groaned Neville. "My grandma isn't a fan, he's too interested in the Longbottom title.""The same for my aunty." Nodded Susan. "The words she used to describe them…" she shuddered. "She works in the department of Law enforcement, she can't believe how many simple laws are broken on a regular day because they are 'friends' of the minister or 'pureblood'."There was a somber silence before Hermione decided that enough was enough."Well enough about the injustice in the world, is everyone done with their homework?" Hermione asked. "We could start with revising the fifth page of the History lesson.""I went through your notes Yrrah," mentioned Neville. "most of it comes directly from the book. I highlighted the parts that I didn't find in the first chapter.""How do you actually manage to take notes and not fall asleep?" asked Hannah while shaking her head in disbelief."Yrrah has this quill that takes notes when a teacher talks." explained Neville while he shrugged."Oh, my aunty uses them when they are in court." Said Susan, "That's actually a great idea. I'm going to owl her for one tonight.""Can you ask her to send one for me too?" Hermione asked excited. "I'll pay you back.""Me too." Neville and Hannah added."Four quills it is then. I'll write to her before we go to sleep." promised Susan.Once that was decided, the group swiftly got through their History revision and calling it a night."You know," mussed Hannah while she packed her books. "We'll probably be able to take one day off if we continue like this. I mean, we almost always have our homework finished the same day we get it.""That would be so great." Susan said with a small smile on her face. "I could continue with my favorite pastime on the weekends. Doing absolutely nothing!""Hard work will be rewarded." stated Hermione."See you at breakfast!" the friends said before splitting off in different directions. The Hufflepuffs heading off to the Owlery and trio to their common room.Yrrah looked at his watch and then at Neville. "Well, we have two hours before curfew and I promised to look at your wand. Let's go to an abandoned classroom, wouldn't want Weasley to complain again.""Why do you have multiple wands if you only use one?" wondered Hermione as they walked into an unused classroom.Yrrah still hadn't told them everything, afraid that their shields weren't strong enough, so he kept hinting that learning to protect their minds was important. Neville and Hermione knew that some secrets would only be revealed once they had mastered Occlumency. Yrrah would randomly check their shields during the day, judging their strength. Normally it would take far longer to learn the mind skill but the potion helped a great deal with building a mental fort.It seemed like today a few of those secrets would come out.Yrrah put up temporarily privacy wards before answering. These wards were much stronger and harder to break but would only hold for an hour. Long enough to explain. "Sit down at the tables, I need you guys to thrust me. Can you?" both nodded. "Are your shields still holding up?" again they nodded. "Okay, what I'm going to tell you can't be repeated outside the safety of my wards. You know that I can't remember my biological parents, only what my grandfather has shown me from memories." Yrrah sat cross-legged on the table. "I was born during the war, just like you Neville, and a wizard named Tom Riddle tried to kill me but then somehow the curse didn't hit me, instead it turned back on Riddle.""How?" asked Hermione. "I mean, if you were a baby you couldn't shield from a curse?""Nobody really knows. There are theories that it may be linked to a prophecy but there is no proof to support them." Yrrah pushed his hair to the side showing the hidden lightning bolt scar. "When I was hit, I got this scar, I can't hide it with my powers nor can it be removed with any other magic. Tom Riddle didn't die but was pushed out of his body. My grandfather found me in the middle of a slaughter field. He took me home believing I was the focus on one or maybe two prophecies. The first one could be me but it's vague." With a little mind magic he let them hear his mother's voice reading the prophecy."The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have the powers the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies..."My birthday is at the end of July, but the seventh month could also be September. The prophecy speaks of a Dark Lord, this could be anyone. I was marked me with this scar." Pulling his blond/brown looks away he showed them the lightning bold formed scar again. "I can change my whole face but that scar will always stay there as a mark from that Dark Lord. However, it's pretty easy to be marked, I mean it could even be a mental mark. Loss of a parent for example can marl a person.""I could fit it too." Mumbled Neville. "I was born at the end of July, my parents defied the Death Eaters many times before they were injured badly beyond repair. In that attack I was also injured." Neville pulled his shirt off. A burn on his back appeared, shaped like a sun. "I was hit when I was fifteen maybe sixteen months old by an unknown wizard.""Two children." Said Yrrah to himself. "Both are marked. I need to talk with my grandfather about this." He wondered if it was possible to steal the sorting head to talk with his family."What is the second one?" Hermione asked, her face serious and thoughtful. Yrrah closed his eyes, whispering the words along with his mother.The one who'll have the power to end the dark will be born when the world needs him the most… Born in times of war… his power could end the dark… Heir of one of the original magic... raw magic will flow through his veins... but one pure of heart and mind will never abuse it… born to wear the crown of magic… he'll lead the magical world to a new empire… he'll possess magic so pure never seen before… dark and light will fight to control the ten magical powers in one child… But only if he follows his heart he'll be able to end the dark … with three chosen ones on his side he'll be creating a new world where light will rule or destroy magic forever… The one who'll have the power to end the dark will be born when the world needs him the most…"Can you break it up for us? Explain what this means?" Neville asked."The one who'll have the power to end the dark will be born when the world needs him the most… Born in times of war… his power could end the dark…" recited Yrrah. "That means that the one the prophecy meant, a "him", will have the power to end some kind of darkness and since I was born during the wizarding war this could relate to me, but prophecies are open to interpretation. Someone could be born in Australia while there was a war in Europe, born in times of war isn't specific enough."Hermione started pacing, starting to whisper the next line. "Heir of one of the original magic... raw magic will flow through his veins...""The original magic are the houses Pendragon, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, Slytherin and Emrys." Said Neville. "You're a Pendragon but this too isn't that specific. We don't know the blood lines anymore. Some families claim to be descended from them but their blood isn't pure enough to lay a claim on the titles. They are still heirs though.""But one pure of heart and mind will never abuse it… you're kind but there are other people with a pure heart." Offered Hermione. "Born to wear the crown of magic… you weren't born Grand Prince but adopted. Still you could be meant to wear the crown.""He'll lead the magical world to a new empire… he'll possess magic so pure never seen before… future predictions, they don't mean anything yet." Yrrah said, still with his eyes closed. "But the next part shows it's me. Dark and light will fight to control the ten magical powers in one child…"Hermione looked up. "Manipulating is common in daily life.""But ten powers aren't." gasped Neville. "My gran told me about the magical powers. Every year two children are born somewhere on earth with one extra power. There are originally ten written down since the beginning of time but only six powers have been seen since the founders. If a child processes one power is born it's a huge honor for the family. Two powers in one family is unheard of. To have more than one power is impossible. Gran told me about this prophecy, just never the words. One child would be born one day with the ability to use all ten and he will save us all." He looked in awe at Yrrah. "No wonder you were hidden for so long. If anyone finds out…""What are these powers exactly?" asked Hermione."For starters I can use my magic without a wand." Yrrah shoved every desk to the wall, creating a place to safely use magic in. "Take any shape I want." With that he turned into Neville, then Dumbledore, Hedwig and back to his father's younger copy. "Speak Telepathically with anyone I want." Yrrah sent to his two friends minds. "I can make magical objects like wands. And there are more, you'll see them as you train with me. A real magician doesn't tell all his tricks.""To have such gifts and such a burden." Hermione looked amazed. "I would hate and love to have a destiny like yours."The young prince looked down. "I hate my destiny, but it did save my life from being killed by Riddle and it brought me to my family.""Nobody can know Y." Neville whispered. "They would try to use you.""We'll help you hide them." Said Hermione serious. "Just make sure to use your wand, they already know you can change your looks but it's blamed on another power and the objects could have been bought. We can do this. We'll train with you every day for when your fight with the dark comes. We'll train right now.""Thank you for your support." Smiled Yrrah. "We'll definitely train, but first, Neville needs a new wand." The eleven year old took his trunk from his robes and enlarged it. Touching the middle part of the P, he whispered "Amor vincit Omnia" under his breath. The crests appeared."The original magic six." Said Neville in wonder. "But I don't know that one."Yrrah smiled, tracing the elven crest. "From my teacher Dominic." The sound of a lock echoed through the room and the trunk opened. There were three drawers on top but Yrrah knew that spare ingredients were stored beneath them. "I want you both to take from each drawer one ingredient that feels right.""Both of us?" Hermione cut in. "But I already have a wand.""Which was pre made and has a trace." Said Yrrah. "This wand you'll be able to use everywhere, even in the muggle word with your parents, and it will be tuned to you. The new wand will be stronger. Here in England they only use wood and a main ingredient while I use a special binding technic from a third ingredient."The two closed their eyes in concentration, picking up ingredients as they went. Yrrah's eyes widened in surprise."Something wrong?" asked Neville looking worried."… With three chosen ones on his side." Mumbled Yrrah. "I may have found two chosen ones. Nothing is sure, there are many chosen ones on this earth but it's rare to have two in the same class when they could be born anywhere on the world.""How do you know we have powers?" Hermione asked.Yrrah took the ingredients, "A custom made wand tells you a lot about a witch or wizard. Pre made wands are different because they never perfectly fit with their owners. Neville the wood you chose tells me you're best class will be herbology. The phoenix feather comes from the rare earth phoenix, promising you'll develop a magical power. You love to take long walks and enjoy the beauty of life. You're better off working than studying and are easily worried about your friends. You are always making sure they're alright. The binding of male Elven blood, means you'll be loyal to the ones you call friends and won't hesitate to ride into battle with them." Yrrah took Neville's hand and pricked his finger, letting a drop of blood fall on it. "To make the wand yours and make it worthless to others. Nobody but you and I can touch it without your permission or they will get a nasty burn. Me, because my magic will be mixing with the wand, and you because of the blood." Sending magic through the wood, bright light surrounded it and a wand appeared. Pulling a match from his pocket, he presented it to Neville, whose eyes grew wide when he touched the wood. "Try to transfigure it."In one try the match was replaced by a needle. "Awesome! Magic flows so much easier through this one…""Now mine." Hermione said excited."Your choice was the wood matched with theory. As long as it is knowledge from books, you'll know the answer. You too had a phoenix feather but from an even rarer water phoenix, you too will develop a power. The feather also tells me that you're a good listener and would rather stay at home reading than creating havoc. You could lose yourself in your studies. You also chose Elven blood but from a female one. While it still means loyalty, you would rather solve a conflict with talking rather than with fighting, still if it means protecting your friends you wouldn't hesitate to participate in a battle." When Hermione's blood was added, Yrrah turned it into a wand.Hermione felt the same warmth that had widened Neville's eyes. It was so much stronger than her other wand.Searching through his normal trunk, he then presented his friends with wrist wand holders which could hold two wands in one. "Nobody can know about these wands, when somebody asks to see your wand, show them the other one. Keep this one a secret.""We will." Hermione said. "You'll teach us how to protect ourselves with these?""If you want we can start right now." Yrrah pulled his wand. "Every morning we do the physical and mental aspect of training. How about working on the magical aspect in the evenings?" Yrrah showed them how to do the Expelliarmus, the disarming spell. They practiced on each other, trying to disarm the other of their school wand while using their phoenix wands."What are you three doing!" turning around they were faced with the tiny professor Flitwick."Yrrah had promised us to teach us how to protect ourselves, sir." Hermione said quickly. "We're not allowed to use magic in the halls so we found this classroom. We didn't think we would be breaking the rules if we were in a classroom."With a wave of his wand the tables were back in place and he was looking at the three first years. "You shouldn't use such dangerous spells without supervision. It is almost curfew anyway." Flitwick calculating gaze watched as Yrrah shrunk his trunk and packed it back into his robes. "If you, any of you, want to learn a new spell, find a teacher or a NEWT-students willing to help or supervise you. Now off to bed.""Yes sir." said Neville, as he pulled Yrrah with him out the door. Hermione followed them quickly after putting her wand in its holster."What will we do now?" asked the girl concerned."Train in our training room," Yrrah said softly. "I more worried about how Professor Flitwick found us, he shouldn't be in this hall, and the Ravenclaw dorm room is on the seventh floor and his class room and his quarters are in the Charms corridor on the third floor. He wouldn't have been near this class room without a reason.""Maybe he came to visit some other professor?" offered Neville."No, there are no living quarters near here." Whispered Hermione. "At least not according to Hogwarts: A History.""I think they are watching us." Said Yrrah. "I felt the wards fall only seconds before he stepped in. Black, I believe keeps a close eye on Neville because of the Potters, the others may be controlled by Dumbledore."Saturday was mostly filled with hiding in the library with Susan and Hannah. Sunday morning the trio sat down in the training room."This morning I wanted to find out which power your phoenix feather meant. However, if you guys find it more important to meditate…""NO!" they both shouted.Yrrah sat down in meditation mode, followed by his two friends. "Hermione, have you ever read up about phoenixes?""Not really, should I?" Hermione asked nervous."I can tell you what you need to know." Reassured Yrrah. "There are different kinds of phoenixes in the world, the rarest are the Water, Earth, Fire, Air and Golden phoenix. Remember which feather you had?""I had an earth phoenix feather." Neville said.Yrrah summoned two text books about phoenixes and opened one to the page about the earth phoenix and the other to the one about the water phoenix. Both started reading while Yrrah waited patiently."I think I know my gift." Said Hermione excited, "everything I read I somehow remember.""Perfect memory." summoning another book, Yrrah handed it to her. "The mind as a library, by Rowena Ravenclaw. This is how I learned to control my gift. If you don't learn it now, you could get a mess of information in your head that only pops up when someone reminds you of it. If you sort the information piece by piece, you could have a library in your head. Than all you need to do is close your eyes and take the information you need.""So unfair." Groaned Neville, "You guys could ace every test.""Well, we could always send you the answers." Yrrah send telepathic."That's cheating." Huffed Hermione."A perfect memory is not cheating?" asked Yrrah one eyebrow raised."No because…" Hermione hesitated before saying. "Because we were born with it.""We could create a mind link, I'm born with that ability." send Yrrah.Hermione nodded. "That could come in handy when we need to talk without being overheard. I mean, what if I have questions about the prophecy or about..." she winced as Yrrah set the mind link in place. Neville gasped as he was added to it."So now I can ask you the answers to a test?" Neville asked through the newly set connection."I'll think about it." Said Hermione hesitantly. "That is something I need to get used to. Nev, what's your power?"Neville rubbed the back of his neck. "I'm not sure. According to the book it could be telepathy or wandless magic but I've never shown any potential for either one.""One way to find out." Yrrah rose up and Neville followed. Hermione went to the sofa in the corner with her book while watching the two boys. "I didn't feel any telepathic abilities when I mind talked to you and wandless magic is the easiest to try. Hold your hands in a bowl shape and speak clearly saying LUMOS SOLUM.""Lumoz Sollum." Neville repeated."No, No, No. Close your eyes and repeat after me. Lumos Solum." In Yrrah's hand a small orb of light appeared.Neville took a calming breath. "Lumos Solum." A smaller orb appeared, it wasn't as strong as Yrrah's but it was there, and Yrrah was impressed by its power for a first time user. "I did it!"Yrrah threw him a book. "Here, from one of the best wandless magic wielders there ever was." Yrrah patted his back. "If there was any doubt about your house, it should disappear with this."The boy sat down next to Hermione with amazed eyes. Why use a wand when you have a hand? By Godric Gryffindor.Satisfied that his friends were busy for the morning, the prince started to meditate. His friends had other things on their mind than silent meditation.Monday morning was the first breakfast that Hermione and Neville weren't in need of a Pepper-up after practice. After finishing her breakfast, Hermione looked around at the still empty hall. "We still have a few minutes to spare. What do we…" Hermione was cut off by two owls who landed in front of Yrrah, one with a newspaper, the other was Hedwig with a letter holding the Gringrotts Seal. Yrrah offered both owls some bacon as he opened the letter first.Dear Yrrah,I deeply regret to inform you that we've had a leak in our department. Don't worry, the goblin in question has been punished for his deeds and sent to the lowest rank, dragon dung cleaner.That being said, the goblin sold your status for a bag of gold. While at the ministry it was known you're legally a Pendragon from the Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Pendragon, they kept it silent. However the goblin told the Daily Prophet that you've taken on the position of Lord Pendragon and that you've become Grand Prince Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon. Heir to the throne.The other titles are safe, the goblin did not know about them.We've stationed guards on the edges of the wards of Hogwarts. If the announcement in the morning paper gives you any trouble, jump to my office in Gringotts or flee towards the guards.DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT fight your way out. Let them believe you're the defenseless little boy they believe you to be.Write me tonight if you're safe. If I don't receive a message before morning tea, the goblin nation will come to your aid.Ragnok, King of the Goblin nationYrrah turned pale while reading the letter."What's wrong?" asked Hermione worried.He looked up to his friends. "You know the meeting with Dumbledore?" said Yrrah weakly. "It was about my intentions with my blood right and it has come out. In the newspaper."Taking the Daily Prophet from the other owl he spread it open. A picture of him walking out of Ragnok's office without Maeghen was next to a picture of him sitting on the swings next to Neville and one where he shook Lord Potters hand and turned to kiss Lily's hand."Yrrah is that you?" Hermione questioned.With a short nod he confirmed her question as he read the front page.Eleven year old claims title Lord Pendragon.By Rita SkeeterLast week young Yrrah Pendragon arrived at Hogwarts for his education. The eleven year old wizard had been noticed before in Gringotts with his caretaker, a maiden by the name of Maeghen.A Goblin, who wished to stay anonymous, saw the two walk straight to the office of the leader of the Goblins, King Ragnok and informed me that something strange was going on. They stayed there for a few minutes before Ragnok hurried out to get a blood test to determine the claims of this young wizard.In the meantime, this reporter had arrived on the scene.After an hour, a young boy came out of the office and went out to meet up with a friend. As seen in the picture, young Yrrah has a strong resemblance to Godric Gryffindor. The anonymous goblin said it's believed that the young prince is descended from a love child between the daughter of King Arthur Pendragon and Lord Godric Gryffindor but this hasn't been confirmed.When the bank business was done young Pendragon went shopping for his school necessities with a year mate before getting lunch with his guards and to this reporters surprise, Lady Potter. I discovered that Pendragon was staying at Godric's Hollow, the birth place of Godric Gryffindor and Harry Potter. During his stay in Godric's Hollow, the young prince was seen talking to the Longbottom/Potter Heir, Neville Longbottom. For those who don't knowing, Heir Longbottom is the godson of Lady Potter. The Potters made Longbottom heir presumptive while their son is still missing, since Lord and Lady Potter are unable to bring more children in the world.More about the search for the wizarding savior page 13More about the Lord and Lady Potter page 20More about the Heir apparent of house Longbottom and Hear presumptive of house Potter page 20After interviewing the good people of Godric's Hollow, I was able to discover that our young prince had arrived in England only accompanied by one guard and a nanny. His adoptive parents stayed in a secret location outside this country. Prince Pendragon spoke perfect fluent English with the shopkeepers but spoke a foreign language with his caretaker, proving once again that the Prince hadn't been raised in England.By the time the train left Kings Cross, Prince Pendragon appeared to be on a first name basis with Lady Potter and held a short conversation with Lord Potter. Hold your daughters close witches, this prince is a gentleman too.Yesterday afternoon the anonymous Goblin received exciting news, which he passed on to this reporter. The young prince claimed the title of Lord Pendragon to protect himself and his parents. As a Lord, young Pendragon is able to make his own decisions and is able to leave Hogwarts on his own terms.Yrrah Pendragon became Grand Prince Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon, Head of the Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Pendragon, Heir to the Throne of Magic, overnight.From the prince himself, we haven't received a word, but after some questioning, Headmaster Dumbledore told the prophet that the young prince has been sorted into Gryffindor and the sorting hat personally welcomed the Prince to Hogwarts, which has never been seen in history before.According to Headmaster Dumbledore, Lord Pendragon looks like a polite boy and has already became close friends with housemates Neville Frank Longbottom, Heir to the Ancient and Noble House of Longbottom and Hermione Jane Granger, a muggleborn. There are also rumors that the trio appear to have also become friends with Susan Amelia Bones, Heir to the Ancient and Noble House of Bones and Hannah Abbott, Scion of the Noble House of Abbott, both sorted in Hufflepuff. The young Prince and his friends are showing much potential during their classes and are often seen in the library we are told. It seems that even three Gryffindor's can be secret Ravenclaws.More information about the (Most) Noble and (Most) Ancient houses page 4-6More information about Godric Hollow page 10More information about Hogwarts page 11Neville stared for a long time at the article before Hermione grabbed it and turned to page 4. "It states here that since the founders, the magical world has had a strong monarchy. Certain family's held the power to rule the wizard world similar to what the muggles did in the Middle Ages. Merlin, in welsh Myrddin Emrys, ruled together with King Arthur Pendragon, creating the Most Ancient and Most Noble Houses of Pendragon and Emrys.Neville nodded. "I remember professor Black's class too Hermione." But the girl ignored him and continues on."It states here that you're the first of the royal six to claim a title in at least five hundred years." Hermione said in wonder. "You're not just a Prince, but the Crown Prince? And an actual Lord?" Yrrah nodded "Wow, one of my best friend is the Crown Prince. Wait until my mom hears this.""Yrrah you know what this means?" Neville said excited."That I'm doomed?" groaned Yrrah, resting his head in his arms.The great hall started to fill with students, when the morning post came in. A flood of owls landed on the Gryffindor table near Yrrah."I can't deal with this right now." Yrrah rose up, closely followed by Hermione and Neville."Well this at least explains the training. We knew you were a Prince but the Crown Prince as Lord Pendragon. No wonder." Hermione looked at Yrrah's grimace and quickly changed the subject, "Well now on to important things. We still have twenty-five minutes before class starts. Everyone ready?"Yrrah held out his arm and let Hedwig gracefully land on it. They had left just in time to hear the whispers begin behind them.The first thing Yrrah did was send of a letter to Ragnok that he survived breakfast and the people at Hogwarts already knew he was a Prince. Neville hinted that Goblins were able to intercept letters and Yrrah asked Ragnok if that could be done for him. He would of course pay the person going through his mail, but he could use someone to sort the important stuff from the fan and hate mail. Someone trustful, kind and loyal."Can you take this to Ragnok, girl?" Yrrah asked the white owl. Hedwig nibbled at his ear before flying of, they watched in silence until she had disappeared from their view.Hermione broke the silence. "We should go to class.""Yeah, I believe you're right." Yrrah rose up, offering a hand to his two friends to pull them up. "Just so you know, if you don't want to be my friend because of all this, I would understand." He said with a small voice."I'm harder to get rid of Y." Neville said with a shy smile. "Yes it's a shock but you'll need some true friends at your side. Besides, I want to look like you before I would consider dumping you. I mean look at those muscles."Hermione nodded. "I'm muggleborn so I don't really know that much about the royal lines in this world. I couldn't care less who your parents are or how important you are. You're eleven, my age, you like to read, and find knowledge important. That's all I care about." She added."Thanks." Yrrah whispered.The bushy haired girl put an arm through each boys' arms. With her in the middle, they walked towards their first class of their second week.I want to thank Branchkk and Geekymom for reviewing and off course everyone who Followed and Favorite.Xoxo ShyLily

Nope, still don't own Harry. This is still mostly the chapter from the original story by Flora1309, with slight changes!Nope, still don't own Harry :(They were the first to arrive, except for Professor Black who was sitting in front of the class with the Daily Prophet in his hands. He raised an eyebrow when he saw the trio but then his eyes quickly focused on Yrrah."Is this true, my Lord?" asked the professor."Please, Yrrah or Mr. Pendragon." Begged Yrrah. "And yes, unfortunately I had to claim head of house and the title. However, I'm just a student at the moment. I'm just the same as I was in my first week. It´s just protection since my guardians are hard to reach."Professor Black read over the article again, while Yrrah waited for the inevitable questioning. "How is Lily doing? And James? Did they look hap… did they look healthy?" Black asked softly, his eyes moving between Neville and Yrrah.Off all questions Yrrah expected from the wizard custom teacher, this wasn't it. He blinked confused a few times before he answered carefully. "I haven't inquired about their health. I met Lady Potter in the park where I was playing with Neville. We talked for a while and I walked her home. She looked healthy but her heart is still broken over the loss of her son." He turned to Neville, who swallowed before answered."Aunt Lily and Uncle James are doing well." Mumbled the young boy. "They are in Paris, following up on a lead about Pettigrew."Black nodded before turning back to the paper, his eyes focused on the friends he hadn't seen for almost ten years. They had been so close. Sirius had visit Godric's hollow on Harry's birthday to see the statue in his godson's honor, had they been there?The class started and Yrrah ignored the whispers and looks send his way, doing his work as he did last week with his two friends.During the walk towards McGonagall's classroom, people stared at the trio, whispering but again, they ignored the other students. Yes, they were annoying, but nothing compared with what he expected this morning the news came out. Susan and Hannah were waiting in the classroom. "Hey Y, how you're holding up?" Hannah asked carefully."Well, fortunately it's not as bad as I imagined it would be." Yrrah stated, glaring at MacMillan who was a little too loud when whispering to Weasley about 'pureblood prince Pratt'.Susan nodded. "The moment I saw the article I searched you out in case you needed help, you had just left the great hall when the commotion broke out. Everyone was yelling and wondering what this meant. Professor Dumbledore put an end to it warning us that you're a student just like us and we shouldn't bother you. If he or one of the teachers got the idea, we annoyed you in anyway. It would end up in points lost and detentions.""Oh, well, that explains it," Neville mumbled. "But you two don't look surprised at all.""I got a letter from my aunt." Susan continued. "I told her about my Gryffindor friends and this morning before the daily prophet she warned me about your heritage. She told me, to tell you if you need any protection detail, she can arrange it. She's the head auror you know? She also told me to be a good friend to you and try not to be all fangirl. I'll do my best but no promises.""That's all I ask." Yrrah said with a smile which disappeared when McGonagall came to him to confirm the article in the daily prophet.By lunch everyone knew of Yrrah's new status, even the muggleborns had been informed by helpful wizard raised children but it seems that they were unsure how to respond.Going with Yrrah's mood, it was storming outside and the five were forced to take their lunch in the great hall."It will pass." Said Hermione, the group looked to her. "The whispers, they'll get used to seeing you.""And if anyone bugs you, my aunty taught me same nasty hex to protect myself." Susan said proud. Hannah just grinned and played with her wand.Yrrah sighed and leaned back. "I just hope it will die out soon."His wish came true because Hermione was right, off course. By Thursday morning most whispers had died out. After several new visits to the headmaster, Yrrah was starting to get annoyed with the old wizard. Dumbledore didn't seem to comprehend that Yrrah wasn't going to say anything about his family or home.But other than that life returned to normal, the first-year students started their normal bullying routine and the teachers continued to follow them around.During one of their study lessons Yrrah asked his friends if they had noticed it. Both had nodded and Yrrah softly explained. "I have more power than the current rulers of the wizarding world would like me to have. Dumbledore is a powerful wizard in magical strength but he's not from any noble house. He lacks the political power the houses bring. I'm afraid he wants to use us to reach that power before I 'realize' how much power I really have.""The teachers could be under orders to watch you to gain information." Gasped Hermione. "Information is power.""And we have powerful group. Susan and Neville, both heirs from powerful ancient and noble houses. Hannah from noble house Abbot. House Abbot have the ear of several ancient and noble houses and even if Hannah isn't the heir, she holds a certain power to make a perfect wife for the pureblood houses which is more power.""And off course the prince of magic self." Neville added. "Yrrah I don't trust them not to play us. My grandma warned me about the pureblood girls who want to befriend me for my titles but if the adults come to play...""We'll protect each other." Yrrah said definite. "Don't trust the adults except our parents."They shared a nod before bowing over their DADA homework, not knowing about the magical bond between them grew stronger and stronger by the second.The young prince smiled when a white owl landed on his shoulder with a large stack of letters. One carrying the goblin seal."Ragnok?" Susan asked."Yep," Yrrah opened the letter. "I wrote him with a request on Monday. I hope he answered."Dear YrrahI hope you remain in good health; I must say I enjoy the letter you've send me Wednesday. It has been a long time since I had a pen friend.The letters delivered to you were gone over by me personally, howlers and cursed letters have been dealt with just as useless nonsense. The wards have been put on your name; the necklace Hedwig is carrying allows her to send letters carried by her to you directly. Others will find their way to my office. I found an assistance to go over them for you. Remus Lupin is a Defense Master and Curse breaker. He'll perfect for the job and he can't find work in the wizard world because he suffers from lycanthropy.Mr. Lupin is a hard worker, honest and loyal. Write me in your next letter if his disease is a problem, it wouldn't be a problem at work because I'll personally fill in on the day before and after the full moon so he can rest.I hope you consider him.Your friendRagnok, King of the Goblin nation"Do any off you know a certain mister Lupin?" asked Yrrah, but the group shook their heads. "He's suffering from lycanthropy so can't find a job in the wizard world. Ragnok said he would make a brilliant letter scanner for lack of a better word. I need someone who goes over my letters to make sure what I receive is useful.""What is lycanthropy?" asked Hermione curious."It means he's a werewolf." Explained Neville. "They're only dangerous during the full moon but are normal people the rest of the month. They get discriminated a lot.""I would hire him Yrrah." Said Susan. "Otherwise you'll get buried under the letters, I guess this pack is the useful letters? May I?""Yes, off course, if you all take a few I would be forever grateful." Looking over the letters, he noticed every single one had a crest on them from important families. Recognizing the Potter crest, he took that one first.Dear Lord Pendragon,We, Lord and Lady Potter, Earl of Cornwall, are delighted to hear that Royal Highness the Prince of England has claimed his title as Lord Pendragon, Grand Duke of England.Hereby we offer advice and support in case his Royal Highness desires.Yours faithfullyLord James Charlus Potter, Earl of Cornwalland Lady Lily Potter néé Evans, Countess of CornwallThere was a second page noticed Yrrah.Dear Yrrah,I hope this letter reaches you in great health. While my husband can do the boring, necessary stuff, I, as wife of an Earl and not raised as him, am more of the not official letters.Neville wrote me about your sorting and how well you are all getting along. I am so glad that you have each other, and off course Miss Granger. Don't forget about the other houses, when I arrived at Hogwarts, my best friend was a Slytherin. I write this letter during breakfast while reading the paper on the foot of the Eifel tower. Did you placed the wards around you during our talk? If you did, thank you. I really hate reporters but marrying to the last Potter and with my son makes it impossible to walk around without being stared at. Only outside England we can have some peace.You told me that your parents are far away from England, I'm sure you'll write them often but if you ever need to talk with someone else, I'll listen. Your owl can find us under the name Lily-flower and Prongs.James asked me to congratulate you with being sorted into Gryffindor. The same house we came from.We heard from Neville that Sirius Black is teaching on Hogwarts, is he happy there? He used to be the best friend/ brother of my James before the disappearing of my son. We haven't spoken to each other in ten years. Can you give him my well wishes and apologizes for the hurt we cast him?Stay save Yrrah.With loveLily."Well, most letters are the same." Concluded Yrrah after reading the others trough."Earls and Baron's offering advice and support and the occasional Betrothal offer." Nodded Susan. "I still can't believe my aunt would do that.""I don't know about you but I'm kind of pissed on my dad." Hannah was still glaring at the letter. "Your Highness may not know this but it's common in England for a Lord to have a betrothal contract. It happens to be that I have an eligible daughter his highness age in the same year as his highness. Lady Hannah Abbott would be delighted to be courted by the prince." Mimicked Hannah angry. "Well Lady Hannah Abbott can decide herself if she would be bloody well delighted. Nothing against you, Y.""None taken." Waved Yrrah off."They do know we're eleven, right?" mumbled Hermione. "Well this is a betrothal for you with the sisters Daphne and Astoria Greengrass, Daphne is in our year, isn't she?""Yes," Neville said grim. "And Astoria is about nine I believe maybe ten.""My sister is eight, she'll turn nine around Christmas." A soft voice said behind them. Yrrah and Neville turned around while the three girls looked up to see a blond and a brunette girl standing at the Gryffindor table. They were the two Slytherins who hadn't laughed during potions and one of the few who kept out the usual name-calling."What are you snakes doing here?" Ron said after he emptied his mouth, the curse was still holding strong.The blond ignored him and did in a curtsy for the group. "Your highness, may I introduce myself, Lady Daphne Greengrass, Scion heir of the Ancient and Noble house of Greengrass. Heir to the Earl of Oxford. And my friend Lady Tracey Davis.""Relation to the Ancient and Noble house Davies?" Asked Yrrah curious. "And please sit down.""No, my Lord." Blushed Tracey as she sat next to Daphne. "They are D-A-V-I-E-S, my name is D-A-V-I-S. My family comes from America.""Good to know." Yrrah smiled. "And please, no Lording. You can call me Yrrah or Pendragon.""May I?" Daphne had pressed her lips in a tight line and gestured to the letter Hermione was still holding. Yrrah nodded silent and Daphne's eyes scanned the letter. "Forgive me for my foul words but I fucking hate the old ways.""That makes two of us." Sighed Yrrah."Count us in." nodded the rest."Don't worry I won't follow any of these offers, my mom wouldn't be proud of me if I took away a lady's choice." The prince reassured. "She would probably kill me. Besides, I wish to marry for love.""For a Pureblood prince you're not that bad." Admitted Daphne. "Malfoy over there believes he's the center of the universe. Malfoy senior wrote him a letter saying he should become friends with Lord Pendragon and Malfoy junior actually believes that you will come to him for friendship on your own.""Well if he continues to be this nice to me." Yrrah said sarcastic. "We'll be best friends before the week is out. Shall we walk to the dungeons together? Suus, Han, we'll see you at dinner and good luck with charms.""Yrrah, please save yourself from the dungeon bat." Begged Neville, "You don't have to follow to the deepest, coldest, creepiest place on earth.""No." Yrrah had his right hand on his chest as he stood strong through the doors of the great hall and towards the stairs. "I may die today, but I will not let my friends face this horror alone."Daphne and Tracey followed them, contempt with walking with the Gryffindors instead of Malfoy's fan club. "Are they always like this?" asked Tracey softly at Hermione."No not always." Hermione drawled. "They take their studies very serious. And they act almost normal on days that don't end with a Y."Daphne snorted while the boys looked with open mouth at their friend."Y? Did Mione make a joke?" asked Neville in stage whisper."I believe she did." Yrrah stepped away in fright. "I can't believe it.""O hush boys." Hermione swatted their heads. "Daphne and Tracey, did you have a nice first week here?""Certainly." Tracey smiled. "However, I've been meaning to ask, the word is you have a study group for transfiguration prodigies?"Yrrah blushed. "No, just a study group. We try to learn the theory behind spells before class so it's easier to cast them later. That's where our head start comes from. You guys are welcome to join us, we come together every day after dinner to work in the library.""We may take you up on that." Said Tracey, while walking down the stairs.Before they could answer the classroom, Snape stopped them. His black eyes burned as he saw Yrrah. "Since you think you're so smart. You're excused from this class to follow self-study. I don't want to see your face in my classroom ever again."Yrrah gave his professor toothy smile. "Okay!" and skipped back to the seventh floor through secrets passageways. Finally, he could hang out in his own room. Over the mind link he gave Neville and Hermione advice on the potion they were working on, while working on his wandless dueling.That night at dinner Yrrah found out why Snape had been so furious when Daphne and Tracey joined them for desert carrying the Evening Prophet. Yrrah got it pushed under his nose prophet, smiling widely as he read the first page.His Royal highness received his mastery in potionsBy Rita SkeeterHis Royal highness, Prince Yrrah Pendragon earned his potions mastery in a foreign land. Today it was announced accepted by our ministry, allowing him to work as a potions master in the United Kingdom and making him the youngest wizard ever to hold a mastery on his name. The potion he earned his mastery in isn't known outside the potion community.The young prince hadn't not informed his teachers and as result sat his highness in the first year's potions class. The class resulted in a brewing challenge between his highness and potions master Snape after the professor insulted Yrrah's working technic."Professor Snape asked Yrrah some questions above first year material and took points because he answered correct." Said Neville Longbottom, heir to the ancient and noble house of Longbottom and Potter, first year Gryffindor and friend of the prince, shortly before the challenge started. "Yrrah took it as an insult on his previous teacher when Professor Snape insulted his way of preparing ingredients. Leaving him no choice to challenge professor Snape to a brewing challenge for his teacher's honor."The eleven-year-old won, earning 150 house points for Gryffindor."It's totally unfair." Said Draco Malfoy, heir to the noble house of Malfoy and first year Slytherin. "Professor Snape didn't know that Pendragon could brew. He only wanted to help a student he thought prepared the flobberworms wrong."His Highness asked his fellow students to call him informal by his last name, claiming he's a student at Hogwarts, not a prince.Minister Fudge had an appointment with the prince after his victory and dinner. "Lord Pendragon has no desire to take the crown. He's a kind polite young boy, admitting he misses his family like most first years. He even lets me call him Yrrah." The minister said with a proud tone.About the tutoring our young prince received is not much known. But this reporter found out that the prince is a registered animagus. The specifics are only known by the unspeakable since the prince isn't of age. It is known that the prince is a Metamorphmagus and that he has full control of that ability.To learn more about the heir of magic, keep your eye on the prophet.Looking at the head table, the prince smiled as he saw Snape look with clear sneer at the paper before throwing it up the ground and storming out of the great hall.Professor Black stared after his colleague with twinkle eyes that could rival Dumbledore's. He then turned to the Hufflepuff table giving a thumbs up to Yrrah before leaving for his rooms, perhaps to celebrate."We got him in a good mood." Hermione whispered. "So, Y what's the plan?""You'll see." Yrrah said mysterious. "I want to test your improvising skills, so try to keep up. Let's go to the library."The two Slytherins decided to tag along as they went to the library to finish todays given homework. When the five pulled out their history books the two new girls frowned. "Wait, we didn't get homework during history, did we?" Tracey asked surprised."No idea. I fell asleep again." Admitted Susan with a guilty blush. "But we do two pages a day. It takes like fifteen minutes and we probably learn more than we do from Binns.""That is actually a good idea." Daphne said. "For the notes, I thought I saw you guys use dictating quills, am I right?""Yes, and during history we work on our homework from the other classes." Said Hermione, "Let's see, we were working on the witch burnings in Belgium, stone ages…"When Yrrah woke Neville the next morning, Dean was already sitting up. "Where are you going?""Training." Whispered Yrrah, turning his back to Neville so the boy could change. "Never wondered why we're always gone so early?""Going to the library again. I'm sure. Ron is right, you three are lame. Gee, why are you in Gryffindor? You guys better fit in boring Ravenclaw." The muggleborn laid back down in bed as the two left the room.Hermione had yet to arrive in the common room, so the two boys waited for her in front of the fireplace. "Do you think Dean is right?""A bit," admitted Yrrah. "We can fit in more than one house and our study habits are extreme enough for a Ravenclaw. But we work hard and are loyal to each other enough to belong in Hufflepuff, our distrust to power figures, our ambitions and our preparing for a war that may or may not happen makes us cunning to easily belong to Slytherin. Your willingness to fight in my battle and the bravely you show me when you duel tells that you belong in Gryffindor."Hermione walked down the stairs, only hearing the last part. "Ron again?""No, Dean was awake when we left and accused us of going to the library." Said Yrrah. "Neville, they don't know what we're really doing, otherwise they would beg us to join. Ignore them.""I know I should ignore them," sighed Neville, "But they are our roommates and I had always dreamed of Hogwarts where I was friends with my roommates, and we held… I don't know, sleepovers and such. Ron, Dean and Simon are just mean.""The girls are giving me a hard time too." Admitted Hermione, making the boys look up to her. The girl blushed. "It's nothing I can't handle; they tease me with my hair and front teeth. Like Neville I had imaged my time here different and if I didn't have you two, I would have left the next train. The teachers are doing nothing against the hateful remarks from Ron and Malfoy, history by a ghost and potions from that greasy bat. And in the other classes they write down the spell and the wand movement, which are clearly in the book, and explain the history behind it. We could do our studies at home if it wasn't for the rules against magic at home.""I agree with Hermione, Hogwarts as school has been a disappointment." Said Neville softly, they made their way to the training room. "I like it here because of you two and Susan and Hannah. Daphne and Tracey are okay too. But the others, between the whispers about you Y and the insults… don't get me wrong, I wouldn't want to leave because I got two friends I would never have had if I hadn't gone to Hogwarts. But if there was another school and you would come with me; I would go without second thought.""Me too." Whispered Hermione."Do you think it would be better if we started our own house?" asked Yrrah deep in thought. "With our own bedrooms, library and common room?""No more Weasley snoring?" Neville said at the same time Hermione hopeful sighed."No more late-night boy gossiping talk?""But that…""I know of a room my dad sat up for me," Yrrah said opening the training room. "We just need a reasonable excuse. And I think that I could use Professor Black to get it.""I feel a Slytherin plan coming." grinned Neville. "We do belong in every house.""Well, enough talking," Yrrah said with the same grin on his face promising nothing good for the others. "I believe we have to train. Today you'll continue on the shield charm Nev, wandless. Herms, I hope you read that book I gave you last night, I want so see how many hexes you remembered with wand movement."Even before the others had arrived for breakfast, the trio went to the custom classroom.A grinning professor met them as the trio sat down. "My favorite potions master, I never thought I would say those words together, Granger and Longbottom. What brings you three this early in my classroom?""Susan and Hannah weren't up yet and we didn't feel like sitting at the Gryffindor table today." Said Yrrah shrugging."Why? Don't you have fun at the Gryffindor table with the rest of your friends?" Black leaned against his desk.Hermione looked at Yrrah and back to Black, noticing what Yrrah was planning, she let her shoulders hang and spoke in a sad voice. "What friends? The other first years tease us every time we speak. It isn't that bad when Susan and Hannah are around.""Tease you?" frowned Sirius. "With what?""It's nothing." Neville fell in. "They don't like Yrrah and Hermione very much because they are good in class and me because I'm not that good in magic and try to keep up with my friends. They make fun of us because we make sure our homework is done the same day before we go to bed and we like to work ahead.""What is it what they do?" questioned the professor."Nothing we can't handle." Said Yrrah.Sirius walked towards them and kneeled in front of their table. "Please tell me, I promise I won't tell another soul.""They call us names." Whispered Hermione, "Or send some small tripping hexes, try to take our stuff. It isn't that bad; it happened all the time at my old school too. It's just annoying.""If it gets worse, I want you to tell me." Black rose up his feet and touched Hermione's shoulder. "I'll try to keep an eye on things.""Please sir, you'll only make it worse." Begged Hermione."Don't worry." Reassured Sirius. "I know how to handle these things."From the back of his classroom observed the professor the three mystery students no teacher seemed to understand. Pendragon was writing a letter, to his parents maybe? Granger and Longbottom were both reading old books. Could they be from Pendragon's famous collection? More founder books?The Longbottom heir leaned to his side to ask the prince something which the boy answered with a smile on his face, clearly explaining something from the book by the way he pointed at the pages and waved his hands.It was clear that these three were close, while they had friends in other houses, these three were a front. Filius had reported last week that they could successfully use the expeliarmus a spell normally for end second years. McGonagall informed him that the trio were always awake early, the first in the great hall. Every teacher except the greasy one, were astonished by the knowledge these kids had and shared with the ones willing to listen.Sirius had looked at the trio these last two weeks, the way they interacted was different. The prince, Yrrah Pendragon was nothing like a proper pureblood prince he should be. He was polite, friends with a muggleborn and asked people to address him informal. Granger, for a muggleborn, she accepted magic really well. Trying to fit in but clearly way over her head. The wonder in her eyes couldn't be faked every time she saw a spell. And the Longbottom heir, Neville, the son of his two friends. Even Sirius had thought that Frank's kid would turn out to be a squib. Beaten down by his grandmother's pureblood education, the boy had lacked confidence which Pendragon and Granger clearly gave him. He had trouble using his wand and then one day Neville could do his spells just as fast as the others from their small group, like a block had disappeared.When the others came in, Black stepped back in the shadows, unnoticed by the incoming students."No teacher huh. And the loserheads couldn't wait for us common people to get here?" Goldstein, a Ravenclaw spoke. "Feeling too eager with your knowledge to wait for class to start?""I bet they're here since five." Sneered Simon. "Dean saw them leave early this morning. Studying, again were you? Trying to let us look bad? Disgusting."Black's eyes narrowed when he saw the three in the front row shrink together at the harsh words."They don't belong in Gryffindor." Mocked Ron. "They have to study too hard to belong in Ravenclaw, are to coward to be a Gryffindor, can't make friends to belong in Hufflepuff and are too much of rules follower to end up in Slytherin. Why don't you just go home?""Twenty points from Ravenclaw, Forty from Gryffindor for bullying classmates. Pendragon, Granger and Longbottom, follow me please. The rest of you, I want to two feet paper on bullying when I get back. From each of you."Yrrah send his friends a smirk as they followed black from the classroom.When the classroom door closed behind them Black looked at the small first years. "You three are excused from class, while I go inform the head of houses about this okay?""Sir, they won't let this slide." Neville said. "Ron will be angry and will be taking it out on us.""Don't worry mister Longbottom." Said Sirius. "If mister Weasley causes any trouble, you find me, and I'll handle it. But to be sure, what other classes you three have for today?"Hermione took out her timetable. "Next is charms and then Defense sir.""I'll inform your teachers that you'll be studying in the library." Said Black. "I'll ask professor Flitwick to check on you during recess to tell what you'll be working on today and if you can do the spell on the end of the class you didn't actually miss the class. I'll find you during lunch to talk about the rest of the day.""Thank you, sir." Yrrah said walking off to the library. "I hope you're right and it doesn't get worse."Sirius watched as the muggleborn walked between the two political powerful wizards. Their arms were linked as they made their way to the library. Now he had to find Filius and Minerva. Hopefully they won't hex him for disrupting their classes, but he had a feeling he needed to inform them as soon as possible.Dear Lily,I'm fine, how are you?My dad tried to raise me the same way Lord Potter was probably raised, but I don't care for the rules either. There are too many of them and I often find myself forgetting most of them.What is the Eifel tower? Is that a magical tower or something? And yes, the wards were mine, I activated them around the playground so I could blow of some steam without having to worry about someone hearing something they shouldn't, like my heritage and choice of language. Somehow it still ended up in the paper. But normally the wards are really handy.My family is indeed far away from here and under the wards I can't write them. No owl from this planet could ever find them. Your offer is generous and I offer you the same, I have someone who goes through my mail before I get it from now on but if you want to write me address the letter to either Hermione Granger or add it to the letter addressed to Neville or give it to Hedwig. I also made friends with Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott from Hufflepuff and Daphne Greengrass and Tracey Davis from Slytherin.The rest of our year doesn't really like us. We think it's because we study more and are boring. The seven of us come together every day after dinner to finish the homework we got that day and go over the material covered in those classes and the classes we have the next day. It works really well because most of the time we get the spell or charm right in one go and we earn lots of points for our houses.Professor Black is a great teacher. He stood up for my friends and me when the others were teasing us. He also doesn't treat me different because of my title and didn't mind being the grown-up on my side during the questioning of the minister. He did ask Neville and me about you.Maybe you could write him yourself? If you miss each other, why not write?Well it's time I get back to my homework.Say hi to Lord Potter from me.YrrahRolling the letter up Yrrah held it out to Hedwig. "Could you bring this to Prongs and Lily-flower girl?"Hedwig hooted before nibbling his finger and flying off. While he could use his language powers to speak with Hedwig directly but had chosen not too. Someone could overhear him.Looking up he saw his friends finishing the wizard custom homework Black had given them. Yrrah felt a bit guilty for misleading the professor but since they only let the professor hear what was said behind the teachers back the guilt was small."Prongs?" Black walked in with the charm's professor behind him. "You wrote to James?""Lily." Corrected Yrrah. "She asked me to give you her well wishes and apologizes. She misses you but apparently it has to be this way."Sirius coughed softly. "Well if you write her back, could you tell her that I miss them, but I understand?""I will write them tomorrow and will add it." Promised Neville, after hesitating a second he added. "She still cares about you. Even if you don't speak anymore. Uncle James told me lots of stories."Black nodded but his lips turned a thin line. Flitwick cut in quickly. "How are you guys doing?""Good sir," Hermione laid down her quill, "We've finished the chapter and the homework Professor Black had given us.""Well done lions," Black forced a smile as he sat down at the table. "I had a talk with professor McGonagall and professor Flitwick. Both regret that they failed to notice how their first years treated you guys.""It was only words and harmless jokes." Said Yrrah softly. "They didn't hurt us.""Words hurt too Mr. Pendragon." Said the smallest professor. "What your classmates are doing is wrong and we want to interfere before this gets out of hand and it isn't longer harmless. Professor Black gave the whole class a paper about bullying and that not interfering is almost as bad as the bullies self. I'm going to have a talk with Mr. Goldstein during his detention for a week. Professor McGonagall placed her remaining first year girls in detention for the weekend and the boys for a week. Your house is your family and inter-house bullying is not accepted. That you prepare for class and the spells come to you easier should be admired there is no reason for mean words.""What if they get mad for landing in trouble and take it out on us?" asked Neville."If they try, you go and find a teacher." Black said. "In no case you fight back. I know your ahead of your schoolwork but Miss Granger and Mr. Longbottom, you've only been learning to use your wand for a week now and Mr. Pendragon if you hurt anyone you get in trouble even if it's only for defending yourself. You three understand what I'm saying?""Yes sir." Chorused the three first years.Flitwick laid down a piece of parchment for them. "This is the spell I would be teaching today. The unlocking spell. You can work on it here.""We already mastered that one sir." Said Hermione with a small blush."Well then, show the spell to me." Flitwick requested as he transfigured three locks out of quills.The three lions pulled their school wands, focusing their magic and clearly speaking. "Alohomora." Three clicks and the locks were open."The spell is an easy one." Neville shrugged as he noticed the way the professors were looking."Then I suggest you take advantage of the situation and go outside enjoying the sun until lunch." Black smiled. "It's a beautiful day and you three worked hard enough to enjoy it. I'll come to get you when it's time for lunch.""Thank you, sir." Yrrah smiled, his backpack on his shoulder as he took his friends hands and ran outside. When they were out of earshot Yrrah whispered. "This is going great. Knowing Ron, he won't be stopped by the warning and probably be angry because he got in trouble. When he lashes out, we can transfer to our new rooms.""Shouldn't we feel bad for deceiving them?" asked Hermione. "I mean, we're getting the others in trouble and I don't feel bad at all.""I thought about that too," admitted Neville. "But we don't force them to say those things. He does it himself and the teachers would find out about it eventually. And we don't ask for our roommates to react. If they complain to us about punishment. Okay. If they start a fight over this, then it's out of our hands.""I guess you're right." Said Hermione, "But still…""I know." Nodded Yrrah. "I don't feel comfortable with it either, but it's the best way." With a smile pulled Yrrah his wand. "So, since we're kinda forced to stay outside until professor Black comes to get us for lunch, shall we continue on the shields? Or does anyone feel the need to practice the Expelliarmus some more?""How about first repeat the Expelliarmus, then we do the shields when we have the disarming under control and train the spells together?" suggested Neville shyly.Hermione beamed at him. "Great idea Neville. So Y, get ready."I want to thank Branchkk, Ainokea2810, Cowchoas and Geekymom for reviewing and off course everyone who Followed and Favorite.Don t worry Cowchoas, Malfoys reaction will come soon! He just had to tell his father first ;)Xoxo ShyLily

Nope, still don't own Harry :(Sorry for the longer wait. Work has started up again, even though school is still closed. I've been taking up extra shifts next to online classes. Sirius watched from a safe distance as three first years send stunners and disarming hexes at each other as if they were fifth years. Shouts of 'Protego!' 'Stupefy!' and 'Expeliarmus!' were heard clearly and the blue shields redirected the spells, or in Yrrah's case absorbed them. The wards surrounding the trio made sure no one was accidently hit by the red lights.For a girl that just learned about magic a few weeks ago, a boy that was believed to be a squib or at the least a low magical core until he received his Hogwarts letter and a prince appearing out of thin air, they were smart and powerful. The spells, for the fourth and fifth years hard to learn, were fired rapidly at each other after a little over a week of magical education. There was no doubt in the professor's mind that it was the young Pendragon who taught them those spells. The kid had admitted in being trained before Hogwarts. Miss Granger was a hard-working student, the teachers all noticed how the girl was buried in books, they all noticed that Mr. Longbottom, who struggled with the theoretical, made it up with power after something changed a few days ago. The friends they surrounded themselves with were already becoming the top of their classes, and Sirius knew it had something to do with their small study group.In the duel had Yrrah clearly the upper hand over the two, even when Granger and Longbottom sided against him.Sirius took a step closer and somehow crossed a ward because Pendragon turned his wand to him, a second later followed by Longbottom and Granger."It's just me." Black held his hands in the air. "I come in peace! However, I believe that you've been warned not to use those spells without a teacher or NEWT student present?""We've been told not to try to learn these spells without a teacher or older student present." agreed Yrrah while lowering his wand and placing it in his holster. Black didn't fail to notice that his two friends once again followed Yrrah's example again a second later. Nor did he miss the auror standard wand holsters the three wore around their wrists. "I already know these spells, so it's not learning.""But what about your friends?" Black raised an eyebrow.Yrrah shrugged, "I have a mastery in potions, so I could be a professor?""That's not what professor Flitwick meant, and you know it." Said Black, nobody seemed to care about that, so he continued. "Well, how about a friendly duel before lunch? If I win, you give me your word you won't duel without me or another official HOGWARTS professor present.""And what if Yrrah wins?" asked Hermione cheeky. "What will he get?""If you three win, I'll keep my mouth shut and you guys get the points back the Gryffindor first years lost today," offered the professor."And what if Yrrah dueled against you alone sir?" asked Neville asked sly. "We've been working on new spells al morning and I'm sure Hermione is as tired as I am.""If Pendragon duels against me and wins, I'll double the points." Sirius said."I take that." Yrrah pulled out his golden phoenix wand, "Rules?""First stunned loses, you can use everything you might have learned during your training except unforgivable." Said Black."Everything?" asked the young prince, waiting until Sirius nodded. "Can you set the ward, so my friends won't be hit by wayward spells.""I'm sure your wards are strong enough, they worked before. Longbottom, referee if you please." Black bowed to Pendragon as he pulled his wand. Yrrah bowed back and started to walk backwards. Black looked in the determent emerald eyes.Neville nodded. "Ready. On my count. Three."'Wait weren't those eyes blue before.' Questioned Sirius confused."Two."The marauder started to get a bad feeling about this."One."Why was this kid smirking?"GO!""STUTIFY!" Black yelled, Yrrah made a small movement with his wand and a mirror appeared, the stunning spell going to the left before bouncing off against the wards and hitting the professor square in the back.Hermione and Neville cheered and Yrrah made a small bow. "And that my dear students, is why you always need someone to guide your back or even better learn how to sense magic coming towards you.""That's the reason why we meditate?" Hermione asked, poking Black with her wand."One of the reasons," Yrrah looked at the castle, "We're lucky nobody saw us. Professor Black probably won't tell but…""Let's revive him and go to lunch." Neville pointed his wand at Black. "Enervate."The professor shot up. "Who hit me? You cheated.""You hit yourself professor." Hermione said. "The spell went from the mirror to the wards and hit you in your back."Sirius blushed. "Let's not mention it to anyone." He mumbles. "As promised eighty points to Gryffindor for winning and another ten for thinking ahead. I want a rematch soon.""We'll see." Smiled Yrrah, Gryffindor was thanks to the hundred fifty points from Snape and these hundred and the collected points for class questions far ahead in the ranking. "Sir, do we have to go to DADA or what happens next?""First we go eat lunch in the great hall. I'm sure you three are getting hungry." Said Sirius. "DADA has been cancelled for today. I believe that's best if you three stay IN the library until professor McGonagall speaks with you. I understand from professor McGonagall that she has planned a house meeting with the first years. She also notified their parents about their behavior.""Okay." Mumbled Neville, "Thank you sir.""You're welcome." Nodded Black. "I was surprised to find out that Hogwarts has no policy in place on bullying. I wasn't such a sweet kid when I was younger, I think half of my years Slytherin would have loved to kill me and James and we truly went a little too far sometimes. So did the Slytherins to be honest. Professor Dumbledore didn't want to interfere, not then nor now.""You were a bully?" asked Yrrah. "Feel a lot better about winning that duel now.""Only Slytherins." Defended Sirius himself.Hermione stopped walking to look the professor in the eye. "Two of the four people who didn't ridicule us are Slytherins."A bit uncomfortable rubbed Sirius his neck, "I know but uh most of my years became death eaters. And most days it was more dueling than bullying, so…""Hmm you may have dueled my biological father." Said the prince in thought. "According to my grandpa he should be between thirty and thirty-five now and he was a Brit so he may have been at Hogwarts at the same time you were.""Could be." Admitted Sirius. "If he was a death eater, I may also have dueled him during my auror days as well.""I hope you hexed him where it hurt." Yrrah said grim before he walked over to the Hufflepuff table. Susan and Hannah smiled up to them as the trio sat down in front of them. Daphne and Tracey soon joined them."So, I've heard you three got into some trouble with the other Gryffindorks." Said Daphne, whipping her hear over her shoulder while she sat down."You three missed charms, and then people go gossip." Tracey smiled. "So, inter house problems?""Not really." Neville grinned. "They just said the normal things and this time professor Black heard them.""Idiots." Mumbled Susan. "I can see how they ended up in Gryffindor. No offence but you three really stick out. Pegged you more for Ravenclaw.""One was a Ravenclaw and he got caught too." Hermione said. "So…""Rules make the exception." Interrupted Hannah.Susan frowned. "Uhm Han, I think the expression is the exception makes the rules.""Oh." Hannah bowed her head. "And here I was thinking to be the smart one this time. Oh, too bad, then I'll have to ask the stupid Gryffindorks for help with all the DADA work we got today.""Keep insulting us and you can do your homework without these stupid Gryffindors." Said Yrrah between bites. "All of you, even you Greengrass.""Spoilsport." Grumbled Daphne. "Well at least you got DADA cancelled for today.""You two can join Nev, Y and me in the library." Said Hermione while reading a book and not looking up. "And work on the charms essay, the DADA essay we got instead of class and Y promised us extra potion lessons, so we get Snape of our back.""There goes sunbathing with our two girlfriends Parkinson and Bullstrode, too bad." Sighed Tracey her hand draped over her forehead as she leaned back."I can see you're crushed." Nodded Neville. "We'll let you go.""No. we have responsibilities to our studies." Daphne nodded serious. "We'll have to join you guys in the library.""Sad but true." Nodded Tracey. "Besides, someone has to protect you against the mean words of the weasel.""5 points to Slytherin for standing with your friends and another 5 for stating correct priorities." Snape's low voice sounded behind them. "And after the third class I'm free so the potions classroom is empty after 2 pm. If you want to practice miss Davis and Greengrass. I recommend you find a NEWT student or maybe a potions master who has a free time period and you can brew the potions under their supervision. The first years will be brewing the cure for boils again next lesson and this time for a grade. I would of course award that said student with 5 points for helping one of my snakes." The potions master walked away with his cloak blowing behind him."That really happened?" asked Neville softly full disbelieve."I think so." Mumbled Susan and she went to her knees in front of Yrrah. "Oh, brave and handsome prince. Would you be so kind to teach six first years the cure for those awful boils and safe us from getting low grades from the dudgeon bat?""That's a bit too much Bones." Daphne said with a sigh. "Hufflepuff.""Listen Pendragon." Hermione said turning around. "I'll be getting my first grade in potions soon and anything lower than an EE will make me really unhappy. An unhappy witch promises nothing good. So, after our charms and DADA work, you'll be teaching me and our friends how to prepare a perfect potion. Are we clear?""Yes, my lady." Yrrah said with a small bow of his head, he then felt someone standing behind him.Daphne looked up to sneer at the people behind the trio. "What do you two want?" Turning around they were met with Terry Boot and Padma Patil from Ravenclaw.Terry looked at the ground. "Padma and I talked, and we wanted to apologize for our behavior." He said. "It was wrong to let the others push you three around like that and not speaking up. ""We're really sorry." Padma offered. "We weren't brave enough to stand up to the others.""And we were hoping that you three could forgive us for being cowards." Terry finished.Yrrah talked telepathic with Neville and Hermione for a moment, getting odd looks from their Hufflepuff and Slytherin friends before turning to the Ravenclaws. Yrrah took the lead. "You're forgiven.""If you like, and the others don't mind, you could join us in the third hour." Neville said.Hermione looked at the duo. "We're going to prepare our boil cure. Since Yrrah has his potions mastery, he's allowed to teach us."The two looked a bit uncertain. "We would love to join, but only if we don't impose?" Terry said properly."Don't worry." Sighed Susan. "They wouldn't have suggested if they weren't sure.""And while I don't practically like you." Daphne said with narrowed eyes. "You didn't really insult us, and you did apologize for not interfering. Even though it wasn't formal according to the pureblood ways. Yrrah may have given permission for informal use of his name, he's still the crown prince of magic. An apology still has to be done according the old ways.""I'm sorry my lord." Padma did a small curtsy. "I didn't…"Yrrah softly chuckled. "Don't mind Lady Greengrass. She's my adviser, Neville and Susan about the recent pureblood ways and Daphne on the old ways. She doesn't like it when you break protocol. Don't let you be scared off by the Slytherin Ice princess. I'm still learning all those crazy rules myself.""Uh, yeah we'll join you in potions." Terry smiled."Great," Neville returned the smile. "Please sit down. You have Charms, right? If you join Susan and Hannah after class and we will meet in the dungeon.""Why don't you meet in the library," suggested Yrrah after Padma and Terry joint the Hufflepuff table. "I'll be at the dungeon at 2 so I could prepare a few things?" The group nodded their consent. "And I'll teach you my way of brewing in theory first, so I'll have to split up the group. Let's see, Boys together. Terry you'll be joining Nev in this first uh tutor lesson. Daph, you'll be going with Suus? Han and Mione and that leaves Padma with Tracey." Again, everyone nodded their consent and they turned back to their lunch.Unfortunately, it wasn't long before they were disturbed again. "Prince Pendragon?" Draco Malfoy flanked by his two ever pressing bodyguards interrupted. He spat Yrrah's title out as if it made him nauseous."Heir apparent Malfoy." Acknowledged Yrrah.Draco's face had a slightly red shade and he refused to look up. "I am here to apologize for my actions and with the message of my father, Baron Malfoy, that the house Malfoy will be your loyal servant. If there is anything our house can do, you may inform me or owl my father directly.""This sounds as an oath of fealty." Mused Daphne, a glint of mischief in her eyes. "From what I remember from my lessons, you are supposed to bend the knee."The Slytherin male glared to his housemate while he slowly started to move to his knees before Yrrah stopped him. "Please don't Malfoy." Ordered Yrrah. "I am a student, you are a student. Within Hogwarts walls, we are equal. We don't bow between equals. You may tell your father that I am grateful for his offer. However, I am eleven and not ready to assume the role my title bestows me.""I will inform father." Stated Draco before quickly leaving for the Slytherin table."Was it just me or did he resembled a dog running away with its tail between his legs?" asked Susan."Well, he was probably ordered by his father to do this." Tracy mentioned."I would feel awkward if my parents would have forced me instead of me doing it myself." Admitted Terry."I'm just hoping he leaves me alone from now on." Sighed Yrrah, aware that it was a unlikely.**HP**Yrrah knocked on the potion's classroom. After a soft 'enter' he pushed the door open. Snape was sitting behind his desk, going through a potion's magazine. "Pendragon, where are your loyal followers?""My FRIENDS are in the library." Yrrah looked at the dark eyes of the professor. "I've explained my brewing technics to my Slytherins friends and my fellow Gryffindors. Our two Ravenclaws and two Hufflepuff friends had class so they are partnered with my friends who I helped with the theory of the potion."Snape raised an eyebrow. "You split the houses?""There are no houses between friends." Said Yrrah calmly."Still never before joined one of my Snakes, McGonagall's lions for lunch. At the Hufflepuff table no less." Snape responded. "I was a Snake and my best friend was a lion, but we only got together in the library. After a while the houses rivalry broke us apart. Friendships beyond houses is hard and when you grow up, yours will break as well.""My adoptive family came from different houses. My dad is a Gryffindor, my mother Ravenclaw, my aunt Hufflepuff and my uncle, the one who taught me potions, is as Slytherin as they come. They've been living together for many years even with their different houses and qualities."Snape sneered before turning back to his magazine, "How did you get your mastery at this age, were you so annoying as a child that they took your playtime away from you?" he mumbled trying to find another jab."I was taught from the moment I was adopted because there was no-one to play with on our island." said Yrrah. "I had to stay hidden and trained. Potion making is an art that demands discipline and passion, and it also gave me some one on one time with my uncle.""And the potion you got your master in?" Snape pointed at the magazine. "Is this true?""Yes, it changes the taste of everything you place it on." Answered Yrrah, "Not as amazing as your discovery on the wolfsbane but it helps me with my broccoli." Both masters shuddered at the thought of the green vegetable. "You know I was looking forward to potions, learning the new technics and potions we didn't have at home. However, the arrogance of the British adults shattered these dreams. I talked it over with Hermione and Neville, and to be honest Hogwarts has been a disappointment. In this short conversation you insulted me by calling my friends followers, you accused my family and friendships as unable to peacefully coexist and criticized the way I was raised. If you excuse me, I need to prepare my class." With a wave of his wand, four tables had cauldrons with a flame softly warming the water and the necessary clean equipment next to it."Potion master Pendragon." Snape said formal after a moment of silence. "I offer you my apology, I shouldn't judge before getting all the information, I was jealous of your title, before you I was the youngest potions master ever. I would like to trade knowledge if you allow me.""I accept your apology potion master Snape and I'm looking forward to a possible collaboration." Yrrah said just as formal. "You are off course welcome to observe my tutor hour, and I will offer you the use of my library.""You have a library?" a surprised voice sounded behind him, Yrrah recognized as Tracey's. The others had arrived, surprisingly followed by the Weasley twins."Yes, I have a multiple compartment trunk with one compartment charmed as a magical library." Yrrah smiled. "Where do you think I get all those rare books from?""Makes sense." Susan nodded. "And we met these two on the way and they wanted to tag along.""As our dear professor Snape could confirm," Fred started."Potions isn't our strongest class." George continued."And since you seem to know what you're doing.""And you're not our dearest brother Percy.""We were wondering.""If you would be able to help us.""Because we could use all the help you've got to offer." Fred finished.Daphne looked annoyed at the twins. "Is there a spell in Gryffindor that allows the Gryffindorks to communicate in silence? Because those three are doing it all the time and it's damn annoying."Snape and the twins looked surprised at the three Gryffindor first years but let it go when Yrrah turned to Snape. "Potions master Snape, would you mind if I used your classroom to help the Weasley twins as well?""If you can improve their skills so they won't annoy me with their ignorance, you're welcome to use my classroom as often as you like." Snape turned to the other first years. "I'll be observing this class, but this will not affect your grade next lesson in any way.""All right, we'll go to the potion one step at the time." Yrrah rubbed his hands together. He loved brewing and even if it was a simple boil cure. "Every group find a table and take out the notes I gave you. Fred, George, which potion would you like to prepare.""The third years have been working on Shrinking Solution last lesson and will continue this for a grade next time." Snape interrupted. "If those two want to pass this year, that would be a great start.""Great," from his backpack Yrrah took two books. "Here take my potions book, look up the potion and its ingredients. Before you start, I want written down what ingredients you need, what you need to remember during brewing and how you prepare each ingredient.""But that will take the better part of our time." Whined George."Yes, but if you don't want to, please return my books and leave this room." The prince smiled. The twins looked at each other before shrugging and taking place at a table. "May this be a warning to all of you, we'll be going through every potion in the first year book starting at the beginning. So for next uhm lesson, you each prepare the second potion by writing down what the uses are of the potion, what ingredients you use and how to prepare them and most important, the hidden dangers in the brewing like, Nev give me an example of the boil-cure."Looking at his notes for a second, Neville confident answered. "The cauldron must be taken off the fire before adding the porcupine quills, or, as Weasley found out, the cauldron will melt and create a nasty scent, and if it spills will cause the skin to erupt in vicious boils.""And we don't want that," said Yrrah, "So we make sure we know this beforehand." Padma raised her hand. "Please don't do that, we're all friends so just see if I'm busy and get my attention. Refrain from pulling my attention away from others except for emergencies.""Yes Y," the young Ravenclaw smiled. "Not that I don't like Tracey but wouldn't be easier if we work within our houses. Otherwise preparing is so hard.""We come together every day after class to do some homework in the library." Offered Hannah. "That way we finish our homework the same day it's given. You can join.""And I want houses between friends." Yrrah said. "But for next class maybe we could change the groups so you could work during potions class with the same partner as you work with here. That way you know what you do and what your partner does.""Hermione, want to be my partner next time?" Tracey immediately asked. "I'm not really good with theory and really could use your help."Hermione beamed, at her former school she was never asked for projects. To be chosen as first was a major boost for her confidence. "Yes of course. I would love to partner up with you Tracey.""Lady Greengrass, would you do me the honor of being my partner?" asked Neville."The honor is mine Lord Longbottom." Daphne gracefully accepted."So, Terry and Pad. Who gets who?" Susan asked. They all shrugged. "From what I understand, Terry is more of the books, and Padma of the teachers. Hannah is from the books and I learn more from hearing. So, I think that the best solution would be Terry and I, and Hannah and Padma."After a nod was shared and the teams were made. "Go over the notes we made last class with your partner. I'm here if you have questions." Sitting down on an empty table, Yrrah asked Neville the first-year potions book and settled down to prepare the next tutor class."Interesting teaching technic." Snape softly said."It's how I was taught. Prepare the potion beforehand and make sure you know the dangers. But I was the only student so he could go over my notes before we started. I'll ask them to turn in the notes on Wednesday.""I see the benefits of this," Snape nodded. "They'll get a better grasp of the working of potions."Daphne and Susan started brewing, followed by Hannah and Hermione not even a second later. Neville and Terry were shortly discussing something before Terry took out his potions book. Neville asked Fred for Salazar's book showing it to the Ravenclaw. Tracey did the same with Padma. And the last two groups started brewing."Pendragon, we think we're done." The twins said at the same time and Yrrah went over to their table reading over the notes, pointing out a few things and giving a bit advice here and there before letting the twins lose.Yrrah didn't do anything but walk around a bit, dropping hints here and there during the brewing.After three quarts of an hour, the tables were cleaned, and the potions bottled. "Professor could you test these potions and give maybe an estimated grade."The dungeon bat went over the four boil cures, writing things down as he tested the potions. "They're all between EE and O," he said. "Five points to each of you for showing initiative to improve in potions by working in your free time. And of course, five to you Pendragon for helping them.""I hardly did anything, merely pushed them in the right direction." Blushed the prince."And now you two." Sneered Snape looking at the twins, accepting the vial. He took his time studying the color, smell and thickness of the potion. "EE or O."The twins whooped and hugged Yrrah. "We never got anything higher than an A.""And that was only once."Yrrah turned even a darker shade of red. "You guys did the work. If you prepare the potion for next class, I could go over it again if you like.""We'll take that." The Twins said in unison,"This offer stands for all of you. If you, with your partner from another house, give me the notes on the potion on Wednesday, we can continue brewing together on Friday."The bunch went smiling towards dinner after expressing their thanks to professor Snape for the use of his classroom. "If this can keep you all from blowing up cauldrons and killing me, I'll be grateful to you for taking your potion studies serious."Dinner at the Slytherin table was different. The table went silent when the group first years sat down. They were so much more subtle, not openly glaring but Yrrah could hear the soft whispers. "You know that the weasel will be a pain in the ass after dinner." Grinned Daphne, the three Gryffindors grinned back. "Aah I see something qualities from your uncle shining through, but Hermy and Nev? It seems that I judged you Gryffindorks too soon. I feel a Slytherin plan, tell me.""Well, even we're not completely sure what the plan entails." Mussed Neville.Hermione pulled a face. "Y wants to know if we could improvise.""You want to know if you? Huh?" the group looked confused."No Yrrah, wants to know." Hermione frowned. "His nickname, this will get a lot of misunderstandings. But none the less, we have no idea what the plan entails."Everyone turned to Yrrah who just chuckled. "Wait and see. Just wait and see." Turning to the two new additions to the group he saw the confusion written on their face. "You two are doing a really brave thing by sitting by us. If you have any problems, like the others in our group, you come to find one of us. I found out firsthand that being in the same house doesn't make you friends, don't let the color of their tie fool you. We may be a bit weird, different, but in the end, we'll get our OWL's and NEWT's, we'll get the future we wanted and will be able to use magic on our best. What is it what you want to do after Hogwarts?"Terry, still with a confusing look answered first. "I want to become a healer. Combining my magic and potions with muggle ways. I study secondary school in my free time so I can go to university after Hogwarts.""Looks like we'll be continuing our post-Hogwarts studies together Boot." Daphne gave him a short nod. "At least the magical healing part.""I want to start a magical beauty store with my sister and Lavender Brown. We always dreamed of starting our own make-up line." Padma had a dreamy look on her face."If you focus on your studies and work hard. I'm sure you'll succeed." Neville said. "But most students breeze through Hogwarts.""Yrrah is right. You'll find school much easier if you set a goal for yourself." Susan added."What are your goals?" asked Terry interested.Flipping her red hair back Susan said. "I want to take after my aunty, she's the head of the department of magical law performance and a strong independent woman.""I think I would take over from Miss Pomfrey when she retires, or something similar." Hannah said shy. "I would like to work on Hogwarts or at a smaller school as a healer, not as gruesome as in Mungos. I also like to be around people, so maybe work in a shop or bar?"Neville looked nervous. "I'll become Lord Longbottom, I don't want to disappoint my parents by being a Lord without knowledge. Maybe on the side a herbiologist, growing plants for potion uses.""I'm thinking about starting a wizard pré-school, you know for children from age eight to eleven. I hated the lessons I got from my mother. It will be like those muggle schools with math, Latin and learning to read and stuff but then for wizard kids." Tracey said proud."And I thought something similar for muggleborns. Learning about magic at the age of eleven is really hard, you don't understand what happens when you show accidental magic and stand out between others." Hermione and Tracey shared a high five.Everyone turned to Yrrah who blushed. "Well, I am the grand prince of magic. Doesn't take much imagination what I'll be when I grow up." Shrugging he looked at his plate. "But if there is no need for me to take the crown, I think I'll go back to my home, invent a few potions, write a book, probably travel.""You could become a teacher." Offered Terry. "You did a wonderful job during tutoring."Shaking his head Yrrah focused back on his food. His goal was to finish the prophecy, after that he'll probably return to Myth, but he could hardly tell his friends that. "We'll see."After dinner, the group went to the library for the next chapter of history. Then they worked on the next potion while Yrrah read a muggle story book.The young prince went over the potion reports and returned them with only small side notes. Hermione, Neville and Yrrah bid the others goodnight and went to the common room."Ready?" Neville grinned before the fat lady's portrait."Daphne was right," Mussed Hermione. "We could have easily ended up in Slytherin."The paining opened and Yrrah climbed through first, quickly followed by Hermione and then Neville. The common room fell silent when the fat lady closed behind the trio. Fred and George waved before they turned back to their books.With the open mind connection between the three, Yrrah said. "Hermione, we're going to our dorm now. If there is any change, they might hurt you…""I'll warn you Y. Don't worry about me." Said Hermione. "And remember, don't use your wand around them. You could get expelled.""Don't worry. We won't use a wand." Said Neville as he patted the girl's shoulder. Yrrah and Neville took the stairs to the boys' room. Calmly they walked into their shared bedroom where a red-faced Ron was waiting for them."YOU!" Ron yelled, Dean and Seamus stood at his side. "You two made Gryffindor lose all those points and got us into detention! My mom had to come down here because of you!""We didn't do a thing." Neville said with a small but strong voice."You got us in trouble!" bit Seamus. "One of you had to know that Black was listening.""We didn't force you to say anything. Any trouble you found yourself." answered Yrrah as he stood tall.Ron took out his wand pointed it at the two. "We're going to McGonagall and there you, royal pain in the ass, you'll tell her that you staged the whole thing. That you did it on purpose and it was all to get me and my friends in trouble or you don't get to sleep in the Gryffindor tower but in the dungeon with those slimy snakes you like to hang around with.""First off, we didn't do anything wrong." Said Neville. "You spoke the words, we didn't.""Secondly, you only had two weeks off magical lessons." Yrrah continued. "And you haven't managed to get one spell right. What are you planning to do with that wand? Poke me?""Third. We want to be sharing a room with you guys as much as you want us here." Said Neville. "But we were sorted in here so…"Pointing his wand at Yrrah, Ron yelled. "Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, turn this stupid, fat idiot yellow."Nothing happened and Yrrah burst out laughing. "The twins taught you that didn't they. I like those two." Turning serious a second later, Yrrah pulled his own wand. "You tried to hex me. I take this as an offend. You're lucky that the wand is pointed at me and not one of my friends or you would be on the ground right now. Since I don't know if I can go to sleep without knowing that neither Neville nor I will be cursed in our backs, we'll be leaving Gryffindor tower." With a small wave of his wand, both Neville and his trunk were shrunken and in his hand.Feeling sadness running though him not his own, the prince turned to Neville. His friend shook his head before mouthing "Hermione."The two broke out in a run, ignoring the "Hey you can't get up those stairs they're…" from Percy Weasley and running to the top of the stairs where Hermione was walking towards them, her trunk dragging behind her.Another wave of his wand and her trunk was with Yrrah's pocket. Opening his arms for the girl, Hermione dove right in. Neville stood watch, soothing rubbing her back while keeping an eye out. "I don't want to go back.""I got our rooms ready." Promised Yrrah. "You never have to share again."The stairs had turned into a slide, Neville went first catching Hermione at the bottom and Yrrah went last. When Yrrah gained his footing, he saw Neville and Hermione with their wands out."WANDS DOWN!" yelled Percy. "Or I'll have to report this to professor McGonagall!""Report at the same time that we're leaving Gryffindor's tower." Yrrah said heated. "Our dorm mates made it quite clear we're not wanted, and Ron even tried to hex us. We're not safe in Hogwarts, even in our bedroom we get attacked. I'll be going to the royal quarters and I'm taking my friends with me. Neville, Hermione, wands down, we're done here." Yrrah took the lead closely followed by his friends.Ron proved his intelligence by sending a hex, he heard his mother use many times while she was knitting, at the backs of the leaving trio. "Lacero!"The red curse made its way to Hermione. Yrrah had the protective shields up but before the curse hit his shields, Neville yelled. "Protego!" as he held out his hand.A blue shield appeared sending the curse away. Hermione leaped in Neville's arms when she saw the paining cut in half. Everyone was staring open mouthed at Neville and then the whispers started. "Wandless… Chosen one… fourth year spell."Yrrah was fuming and let his magic flare freely, "I warned you against pointing wands at my friends. Didn't I? You're lucky I made sure that Neville and Hermione can use the shield charm. As my right as grand Prince I hereby…""Wait!" the twins jumped in.Fred looked pleading at Yrrah. "Please we know he's an idiot.""And we're ashamed to be related to him." George mirrored his brother's look."But he is out brother.""Let us handle it.""Please." Begged the two.Yrrah turned to Hermione. "The curse was meant for you my lady." He said officially. "What do you think?""I want to leave." Said the girl strongly. "This proves what you said. You can't trust anyone, but your closest friends and I don't feel safe anymore in my own house which should be your family. I have faith that the twins will handle it here, but I'm done. He's not worth the trouble. He isn't even worth a second thought.""He's yours." stated Yrrah, bringing his magic back into his core and looking at the twins. "Only because you two are my friends.""Let's go Y." Neville placed a hand on the prince shoulder gently guiding him to the portrait hole."I'm ashamed to call you my housemates." Said Yrrah as he let his friends crawl through the hole first. "This should be the proud house of Godric Gryffindor who in my books, was a knight protecting others. Yet none of the fifth year or above managed to place a shield charm between a first-year witch and a cutting spell. None of you stood up for us when we were slandered. Your house is your family, I don't know what family means in Britain but I'm glad that I grew up far away from here.""I'm sorry I showed my gift like that." Said Neville looking at the floor. "I should have known you had it.""You protected Hermy, Nev." Yrrah gently bumped the shy boy with his shoulder. "I couldn't be prouder. You managed to produce a shield strong enough to stop a cutting charm without the aid of your wand, on the same day you got the instruction book. You should be proud on those reflexes.""Neville, you saved my life." Hermione smiled. "Or at least saved me from a night in the infirmary. Don't be sad because he showed the others that you're special.""But Yrrah's secret…""Has nothing to do with your powers." Soothed Yrrah. "Two Chosen ones are born each and every year. We're from the same year and Hermione is a year older than us. I probably screw up one day, and Hermione has a gift which is easier to hide. To fulfil the prophecy that may or may not include the three of us, all our powers will be shown to the world eventually."It stayed silent for a few minutes until they reached the hall where their training's room is. "Where are we going to stay Y? In the training rooms?""No." Yrrah stopped. "This is a magical hallway. This whole wing used to belong to Godric Gryffindor, we've been training in his personal training room. We'll be staying in his son's rooms which has a door connecting it with the training room. At the beginning of the hall, there is a magical room. Everyone can enter it and it turns into the room you need the most. It's known by the name Room of come and go.""So, if you need to go to the toilet..." mused Neville."Cute Nev." Chuckled Hermione. "But this is amazing. So, we'll be staying in the room of THE Godric Gryffindor's son. But I read that Gryffindor and his son got estranged before Hogwarts was built. Why would he have his own room in the castle as Gryffindor wasn't speaking with him anymore?"Yrrah smiled. "What nobody knows was that Godric adopted a little boy after Hogwarts was built and this room was added later.""Godric Gryffindor had a second son?" Both asked at the same time."Yes, he made him his main heir, to both his title as his adoptive father, Arthur Pendragon." Yrrah started to laugh out loud, at the look at those faces. "Yes, it's true. Godric Gryffindor should be His royal Highness, grand prince Godric Gryffindor Pendragon. He was blood adopted by his royal highness king Arthur Pendragon in his teens after it became clear that Arthur's children were non-magical. Godric's adopted son was also adopted by Rowena Ravenclaw and made her main heir after her own daughter had stolen her diadem and ran away.""And you got adopted into that family?" send Neville with awe. "No wonder your family stays hidden. Yrrah one day you'll be lord of at least three major houses."Placing his hand on the wall, the door to his private quarters appeared. "Come in so we can talk in private and not developing headaches with mind speak."He didn't receive an answer because the two were looking with wide eyes around the room. A warm feeling went through Yrrah, this was his room, where he was raised, his room and now he was as close to home as he was going to be while on earth. The right wall was dominated by the Hogwarts crest surrounded by the official four founders' crests, all above the fireplace. The living area was filled up with the familiar couches and the squashy armchairs surrounding a low table. It was perfect to relax after a long day. There was a small kitchen on the left side which had never been used but somehow was still up to date with the latest technology, a round dinner table close by with six chairs. Every chair had a name and a crest added, Godric, Rowena, Helga, Salazar, Merlin and of course Yrrah.Hermione noticed the chair with his name first. "You were named after the adopted son of Godric Gryffindor and Rowena Ravenclaw?" she asked with clear amazement in her voice."Uh, yeah sort of." Luckily the others didn't seem to hear him. He walked towards the back wall, placing his hand on it and letting his magic flow. The door to his father's quarters was quickly locked and hidden away, he didn't want anyone going in there, and two extra rooms were added. "The door to the training room is on your left next to the kitchen and Godric's painting. The potions lab it that door next to that painting of Salazar. The library, as you can guess is by Rowena's painting and there is a small infirmary by Helga's. Let me add you two to the wards and we can start decorating your room."These paintings of his family weren't magical, since they were made in Myth by the elves. They were still like muggle pictures.With a small hand wave, the ward stones appeared. "I need a drip of blood from the both of you to add your magic to the wards." Said Yrrah holding his hand out, "Don't worry, it won't hurt just tickles."Neville held a shaky hand out, his eyes squeezed shut. Yrrah ran his potion knife over the boy's palm and placed the bloody hand on the stone. Both glowed and when Neville opened his eyes, there was no blood to be seen. "He's right, you don't feel a thing." He said to a pale Hermione.Carefully took Yrrah, Hermione's hand and repeated the process. "Now if you want to get in here, you just place your hand on the wall and think loud and clear, "Home" the door will appear, and everyone can get in. If you ever get forced to open this door, say "safety". A door will appear where you can walk through, but nobody can follow except the ones with their blood added to the wards. We'll be warned that something is going on through our link.""Y, this is amazing." Neville dropped down on the couch. "Why would you ever want to stay in the tower if you have this?""Glad it passed your approval." A smile tugged at Yrrah's lips. "Now about the bed chambers. I was thinking, queen sized beds, own bathroom, closet and a big magical mirror? You can see an example in my room."Yrrah's room was exactly as he left it. The door on the right side of the room, closest to the wall with the crests. A large closet close on the other side of the room. The bed resting against the left wall with the Pendragon crest above it. The right wall had the magical mirror like a window seat filled with pillows and a door to the bedrooms. The floor was a golden carpet and the walls Gryffindor red. The sealing was charmed like the one in the great hall to show the sky."I would like if my room was like yours." admitted Hermione. Neville just nodded.Yrrah closed his eyes and felt magic doing its work. "Nev, do you know how a magical window mirror works?""Magical window?" frowned Neville. "Uh, I never heard of them.""Okay, well it works like this." Yrrah took place on the pillows. "Place your hand against the glass and concentrate on what you would like to see. Like the ocean on sundown." An orange ocean with beach appeared, Hermione looked at the sealing that changed along with the window. "Or a forest during rain." Raindrops fell but disappeared before they got wet. "I always loved them. Often I asked for a playground to watch what living among others was like.""Yrrah this is truly amazing." Hermione placed her hand on the glass and a muggle house appeared. "My parents." Whispered the girl, two people were seated on a couch watching TV."It's childproof," mumbled Yrrah, "When someone is doing something uh… private, the mirror will stay a mirror." Hermione blushed and Neville chuckled. "Well, here are your trunks, go unpack." Yrrah gave them the small boxes and pushed them out the door. Hermione went to the room next to his and Neville the one closest to the kitchen, both doors had their names on them. As a finishing touch had Neville's room the Longbottom crest and Hermione's room the Ravenclaw crest, she had the same book thirst as his mother.Yrrah unpacked with a simple nod with his head and went to into the kitchen, where he started to prepare some late-night snacks. Neville offered to help a few minutes later but Yrrah told him he had it covered.Hermione joined the two boys around the burning fireplace. "I believe I owe you two the story behind my family?" asked Yrrah after they all had a mug with hot chocolate. "This story goes back a few hundred years. It was a dark time and magic was feared by all non-magical. Children who showed magic were killed by order of the king Uther Pendragon. Arthur, his son, had shown magic to the healer. Merlin Emrys was the courts healer and took Arthur under his wing and taught him to hide his powers from his father. One day he found a boy called Godric Gryffindor. Godric had run away from home because he had magic and his parents did not. Arthur did the same Merlin had done for him. He taught Godric to hide his power and use it for good. Godric became a knight and a son to Arthur. Shortly before Godric became an adult, Arthur preformed a ritual to make Godric his magical heir, his own children he got with Queen Guinevere were strangely enough not magical. The theory was that a witch who had cursed Arthur's mother had transferred her powers to Arthur, so Uther had to follow his own laws and kill his son. Arthur had no magic core that Merlin could detect so he couldn't produce children with magic.This castle was original built by Arthur, after he was crowned, to hide the magical children. He asked his adopted magical son to raise these children, teach them to hide their magic and use it for the good cause. Not for hate.But more and more children were sent to the castle and Godric asked his long-time friends to help him and start a proper school. This is how Hogwarts was created. Years passed and many things happened.Godric had a son who went dark with Salazar's daughter and son. Rowena's daughter ran off with her mother's most prized possession, the Ravenclaw diadem of wisdom and Helga's man cheated on her with Salazar's wife. Godric's wife blamed him for the loss of their son and gave a magical oath to never ever forgive him. Helga's husband took the children because she 'never had time for them'. And just like that, the four were all alone.Hogwarts could run itself, there were teachers and a headmaster, and they weren't needed. So, they left. They went to a hidden place with at first just Merlin, Godric, Rowena and Salazar. Helga tried to reconnect with her children but after that failed, she joined the rest of the family. Arthur stayed in Camelot, keeping an eye on Hogwarts. The founders were believed to have passed away.Many years later, Merlin turned up with an infant. This child had Godric's blood, so it was believed that it was it was a descended of Godric's son but since he didn't belong in the Slytherin line, they believe that it wasn't from his union with Salazar's youngest daughter. Merlin had saved the baby from a dark ritual and brought it to the secret place no-one could try to hurt him. Godric and Rowena took it up them to raise the boy into a proper knight. With the help of the elf village nearby was he trained to one day take the crown of magic. That castle, near the village, that's where I grew up.""That's not how Hogwarts a History tells it." Pouted Hermione. "According to the book, Salazar Slytherin argued with the other three and left.""That has been a slight miss understanding which has the whole magical world fooled." Explained Yrrah. "Salazar doesn't have any problems with children from non-magical parents. With 'Whose ancestry's purest' he meant the children who have been raised proper. He didn't want to be a babysitter, anyone in his house should be able to take care of him or herself. That purebloods were raised in the wizard world and knew more about traditions and wizard customs was not a deliberate attack on the other children. Salazar was a half-blood himself and his best friend Godric and his wife Helga were first generation magicians. His son and daughter and Godric's firstborn son were non-magical haters and, in the end, killed by Morgana who hated non-magical but firmly believed that every child who possessed magic should be protected.""Wow," Neville leaned back. "If this comes out… this changes the whole perspective of every witch and wizard.""And you're sure this is all true?" asked Hermione."I have diaries and other evidence." Said Yrrah. "Written by the founders. And the sorting head knows, he was there. One day, I'll bring you to home to meet my family. I'm sure if you see my dad and our archives, you'll believe my story.""Who is your father?" asked Neville.Yrrah grinned, "you wouldn't believe me if I told you.""Try me." Dared Hermione."One day." Smiled Yrrah."Does this mean you'll be the head of the other founders too?" asked Neville.Yrrah held out his hands and showed the ring. "My official title is." clearing his throat for dramatic effect, Yrrah said. "His royal Highness, Grand Prince Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon Gryffindor Ravenclaw Hufflepuff Slytherin Emrys Peverell. Head of the most ancient and most noble house Pendragon, Grand Duke of England, Head of the most ancient and most noble house Emrys, Grand Duke of magic, Head of the ancient and most noble house Gryffindor, Duke of Hogwarts North, Head of the ancient and most noble house Ravenclaw, Duke of Hogwarts South, Head of the ancient and most noble house Hufflepuff, Duke of Hogwarts West, Head of the ancient and most noble house Slytherin, Duke of Hogwarts East, Head of the ancient and noble house Peverell, Earl of Arundel. But I rather go by Yrrah. The goblins are keeping my claim a secret until I need it.""Yrrah do you have any idea what this means?" asked Neville."I do." Yrrah looked up at them. "And that's why we need to keep this a secret.""We will." Hermione said. "I promise."Let me know what you think!Thank you to QHLuver, Clive54, Geekymom, TBM10, Tymaxion for reviewing Stay safe everyone! ShyLily

I don't own anything…I do own a dog, and books, lots of books, they don't fit in my bookcase anymore…I have issuesSince tomorrow was a Saturday, which meant there were no classes to worry about, Yrrah suggested to have a movie night. Neville had no idea what a movie was, and Hermione was confused because she had been told by professor McGonagall that electronica wouldn't work around magic."My mom invented a spell what makes electronica work powered by magic." Explained Yrrah, touching the Pendragon crest. Maeghen had brought a TV to myth for his eight birthdays after she had seen it in the muggle-world and fell in love with Disney. While there was no cable in myth, movies didn't require a connection and Yrrah found them amazing. The closet next to the fireplace held his collection gifted over the years by Maeghen and Onur."How do you know all these secret hiding places? And how can Hogwarts have a TV?" asked Hermione with a thoughtful look."Oh, didn't I mention this?" Yrrah said. "Hogwarts is a magical copy from the castle I grew up in. Everything changed there in the private wing is automatically added here and the other way around. My grandfather made it like this for when the people visiting England want to bring a lot back to the island it's easier than transporting back and forth. It's only the few private wings that need a special password to enter, like this room.""Impossible." Replied Hermione."No, magic." Grinned Yrrah, "Got a preference for a movie?"Not long after they sat scattered around the living room to watch the Disney classic, the sword in the stone. One of his grandfather's most hated movies because it wasn't accurate at all, he was only a few years older than Arthur and did most certainly not do such idiotic magic.After watching two movies, they bid each other goodnight and slipped in their separate rooms.Yrrah woke up early and decided to go properly meditate. Letting his friends sleep in, he slipped in the changed training room. He found himself in a replica of the field near the village. The same field where he defeated the two fire wolfs when he was eight. Absently he traced the scar on his right arm. While it could disappear with the shape shifting powers, he kept it as a remainder to always watch your back.Settling down in meditating mode, he started his breathing excises.There are two kinds of meditating. The one he taught his friends, which improved your concentration and helped you build you mental shields. And the one he enjoyed more was focused on improving his magic.He felt his magic surround him and let it swirl around freely.Going over his magical core, he found that it was a bit tired. The lack of magic in the air and the wish magic he performed last night had a bigger impact than it would have had at home. Not that he was suffering from magical exhaustion. Not by a long shot.Still he would refrain from doing wish magic until his magic was fully restored.Slowly he let himself go back to the ground and stretched his arms. After he was sure his magic was back in his core, he opened his eyes.Hermione and Neville were watching him, and the moment their eyes met the questions started."What was that?" "How did you do that?" "Does that happen to us too when we meditate?" "Why couldn't we reach you?""Ho waits. Easy." Yrrah held his hands up as to shield from the questions. "I was checking my magical core and let it stretch. It was nothing special. And you couldn't get close because my magic was protecting me. You weren't here when I started so it wouldn't let you come close.""Nothing special." Neville asked. "You were flying on a golden cloud.""You guys can do it too." Yrrah tapped on the ground next to him and the two took place. "During our normal meditating, did you ever notice a glowing white bowl in your chest?""I thought it was my heart." Admitted Hermione."It was our magic." Explained Yrrah. "Our magic is locked in a small place in us. It can't grow much, since there isn't much place. That's why it's believed you get born with a power level and can't raise it much. This isn't true, by letting your magic roam free every once a while you magic will get stronger then when it stays cooped up in your chest your whole life.""That makes sense." Mussed Neville. "But how do we let our magic free?""Simple, find your magic and allow it to let go.""Let go?" asked HermioneYrrah nodded. "Just let it go. Your magic is a part of you, if you allow it to fly, it will."It took the better part of the hour but before breakfast the two managed to let their magic fare, but they hadn't been lifted from the ground yet. Yrrah was quickly assuring them that this too was practice, practice, practice. "Rome wasn't built in a day."They changed into their uniforms and went down for breakfast. It was late but according to Hermione and Hogwarts a history, on the weekends the breakfast was served until ten. And it was half past nine."So, what will we do the remaining of the day?" Neville asked through the link.Hermione hesitantly said. "Well I was thinking about maybe a game of soccer. I always wanted to play it with friends. I mean, we deserve the morning of, don't we? All our schoolwork has been done and we can train again in the afternoon?""You choose sports above spending the day in the library?" Yrrah laid his hand on her forehead to look for a fever. "You're not getting sick, are you?""No,"  Hermione chuckled out loud. "But I would like to just hang around with my friends.""I would really like it too." Admitted Neville. "We can invite the others and make teams."They had almost reached the great hall. "Maybe the twins too." Suggested Yrrah, "I wonder if someone missed us last night…"They walked through the doors and immediately the whole hall turned silent."I take that as a yes Yrrah." StatedNeville dryly. "they missed us."Susan and Hannah ran up to them. "Guy's where have you been? The whole school has been searched and none of the professors could find you." The other four friends quickly joined them as did Professor Black, professor Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall and the twins."I think we all want to know what happened last night?" asked Dumbledore. "If you three can follow me."Neville turned to the others. "We're planning on a game of football after breakfast. Terry can probably explain the rules."Casually transfiguring a quill in a ball, Yrrah threw it towards Hannah who managed to catch it. "We'll be joining you guys soon." Summoning a plate with sandwiches to him, he passed them to the other two Gryffindors. They followed the three teachers."Yuck Tuna." Hermione groaned. "Yrrah?"Black turned to see Yrrah place two drops on the sandwiches. "What's that?""My mastery potion." Said Yrrah taking a bite of his sandwich. Neville held out his sandwich pleading and Yrrah changed his sandwich too."May I?" Sirius asked."If you win a duel, I might think about it." Yrrah stuck out his tongue. "Until then you'll never know what my potion does."They entered Dumbledore's office where Dumbledore sat down behind his desk. "Mr. Pendragon, I'm a little disappointed. I know you're a prince, Mr. Pendragon but that doesn't give you the right to curse a fellow student and demand your own quarters.""Yrrah hasn't used his wand last night sir." Hermione jumped in. "it was Ron Weasley, he send a cutting hex at me and Neville luckily put a shield charm between me and the hex. Yrrah never used magic.""I heard." said McGonagall coolly. "Wandless, your grandmother will be pleased to have a grandson with a chosen gift. But where did you learn the protego charm? It's fourth year spell.""Yrrah taught it us ma'am." Said Neville. "And he gave me a book by Godric Gryffindor about wandless magic. He's been teaching Hermione and me to attune to our magic more.""I believe professor Flitwick warned you not to learn dangerous spells without a teacher present." Dumbledore said. "I'm afraid I have to put you into detention.""That won't be necessary." Black interfered. "I was there when Mr. Pendragon taught them the shield charm. While I didn't interfere in their class, I was present. They didn't break any rules.""Still they were outside their common room after curfew." Said Dumbledore.Yrrah stood straight and glared at the headmaster. "Our safety wasn't guaranteed in our common room," stated Yrrah. "As two pureblood heirs, last of our houses, it would have been a press disaster if we stayed.""Can you imagine my grandmother or Lord Malfoy reaction when hearing that you would put heirs in such situations." Neville mussed, making the professors blanch."Mr. Weasley regrets his actions." McGonagall quickly said.Neville raised an eyebrow. "Has he been punished?""Yes, he got another week of detention added to his previous punishment." Black said."Then off course he regrets his actions." Exclaimed Hermione.Yrrah continued, "He send a deathly hex to my friend, who is under the protection of my house. The cutting hex was aimed, on purpose or not, on her neck. If it had hit, she would have bled out before any teacher had reached us. And all he got is ONE week of detention. None of our older housemates who could use the shield charm or any spell that would help us interfered. Not one. For the last week we've been ridiculed and bullied and the only one coming to our aid was Professor Black. My friends from the other houses stand by us but they're first years as well, and less trained then the three of us. This is a school, yet we're bullied because we wish to learn. My personal objects aren't safe, the first night the other Gryffindor boys tried to get in my trunk. Fortunately, it's warded because the valuable content, the only reason they couldn't take anything out. We left Gryffindor tower for our own safety and we're not going back. We were in the common room after curfew. The common room of our own quarters build by Godric Gryffindor, that room is my birthright.""Awesome." Marveled Black. "Can I see them?""I'm afraid I can't allow this." Dumbledore interrupted. "The sorting head placed you in Gryffindor tower…""Wrong Albus." A familiar voice said making everyone look up to the sorting head. "I placed the young prince in Gryffindor house, not in Gryffindor tower. As Lord Pendragon, he is entitled to use the private chambers. As the rules of the castle you can't force an heir into a dangerous situation."With a sigh leaned Dumbledore back. "But I can't allow his friends to get estrange from their friends in Gryffindor.""You don't have a choice." The sorting head spoke. "The prince has taken Miss Granger under the protection of an Ancient and most Noble house and Lady Longbottom has made an alliance between the Most Ancient and most Noble house Pendragon and the Ancient and Noble house Longbottom. As a chosen one, and champion of the prince, Mr. Longbottom has the right to share quarters with the prince."Yrrah made a mental note to speak Ragnok before lunch to get this in order."Okay, you'll be free to go." Sighed Dumbledore disappointed. "But after you'll take a professor to inspect your quarters.""We'll see to your request." Yrrah gave a bow before turning on his heels and with Hermione in the middle the trio made their way out. "I need to speak Ragnok now. Before Dumbles tries to undo this alliance.""How are you planning on doing that?" Neville asked. Yrrah grabbed their hands and with a white flash the trio had left Hogwarts.They landed invisible on the stairs of Gringotts. After making sure there was nobody close, Yrrah lifted his invisibility and pulled the others inside the bank."What just happened?" asked Hermione disorientated. "You can't apparate in Hogwarts.""I apparated before but this was different." Neville was checking whether he was whole or not. "What did you do?""I jumped." Yrrah pulled his friends along to Ragnok's office. "One of the ten powers."He knocked on the door and pushed open after he heard a voice snap "Come in!""Ragnok, how are you?" asked Yrrah."I am well, thank you." greeted the Goblin king. "What happened?""I need help." Yrrah started. "These two are my friends, Hermione Jane Granger and Neville Frank Longbottom, scion heir to the ancient and noble house of Longbottom.""Greetings friends of Yrrah." Ragnok bowed his head, while cleaning his desk from paperwork. "I'm Ragnok, king of the Goblins, please sit down." He gestured and turned to Yrrah. "What is it you need my help with?"Quickly filled the young prince the Goblin king in on what happened these last two weeks. "And then the head told Dumbledore that Hermione was under my protection and that Neville is the champion. I need these things done before Dumbles goes to the ministry."Ragnok was trying to keep his anger out of his voice as he spoke. "The meddling old goat, I think I know a way to keep them of your backs, but I need to know how loyal these friends are."Hermione and Neville looked shocked. "We'll never betray Yrrah." Both said at the same time."We share a mind link." explained Yrrah. "And I believe they are two of the three chosen ones.""I need an oath before I even consider my idea." Ragnok said resolute. "They swear loyalty to you or forgetting everything you taught them or losing their magic.""Magical oaths can't be taken lightly." Objected Yrrah but Neville had his wand out."I, Neville Frank Longbottom, swear on my magic to stay loyal to Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon and will to the best of my ability, protect and defend him as long as he acts from his heart. I swear to aid him in completing the prophecy laid on his shoulders. So, mote it be." A golden glow surrounded Neville and Yrrah.Hermione hesitated for a second before pulling out her own wand. "I, Hermione Jane Granger, swear on my magic to stay loyal to Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon and will to the best of my ability, protect and defend him as long as he acts from his heart. I swear to aid him in completing the prophecy laid on his shoulders. So, mote it be." Again, the oath was sealed."Guys you didn't need to do this." Yrrah said. "Those oaths are dangerous. If you weren't the two chosen ones you now got stuck in the same mess as I am and lose your magic if you want to back out.""Helen Keller once said. Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light." Hermione quoted. "We're friends Yrrah, you're my first friend and I protected me and taught me how to protect myself. Let me give you some protection in return.""As future champion, you would need my loyalty oath sooner off later." shrugged Neville. "As Hermione said, let us offer you some protection for a change.""Thank you." said the prince grateful. "This means a lot to me.""No problem Y." grinned Neville. "So, what do we do now?""I need the two of you to wait outside for a moment so I can give my suggestion to Yrrah." Ragnok requested. The two looked at Yrrah who nodded. When the door closed behind them, Ragnok leaned over his desk. "If I'm right with what your grandfather might imply then Miss Granger will be added to the Ravenclaw line and Mr. Longbottom to the Gryffindor one.""Wait, how did you get to that?" Yrrah asked confused."The only way to get Miss Granger under your protection is as family or betrothed. You're a lord so you could be her magical guardian. Mr. Longbottom could with the permission of the current Lord Longbottom make an alliance. However, the problem is that Lord Longbottom is not available. So, by making him family, you can make him your heir until you get betrothed or engaged. As your heir, he's also your champion.""But why my mom and dad?" questioned Yrrah."Because they have the same powers as your parents." Explained the goblin king.Yrrah thought it over before slowly nodding. "They gave me their oaths; I'll take them into my family." He said. "Not blood adoption though. Not without my parents' permission.""Off course not." Ragnok said with a grin. "That would be highly impropriate. Could you call them back through their link?""Come back in please." Yrrah requested. Hermione and Neville quickly sat down again. "Ragnok had the theory if Hermione was magically adopted into my family, that I would be her magical guardian. And Neville, as my brother and heir, you could be my champion.""Adoption?" squeaked Hermione."Heir?" sputtered Neville."That way no one could ever break us apart." Yrrah said resolute."Miss Granger, you'll be lady Ravenclaw, because you share her gifts. Your name would change into lady Hermione Jane Granger Ravenclaw, scion to the ancient and most noble house Ravenclaw. Mister Longbottom, as you share the same power as Gryffindor, you'll be brought into the Gryffindor line. As Yrrah's brother you'll be named as his heir. You'll be Prince Neville Frank Longbottom Gryffindor, scion heir to the ancient and noble house of Longbottom. Scion to the ancient and most noble house Gryffindor and heir to the most ancient and most noble house Pendragon." Said Ragnok."Prince?" gasped Neville."Is this legal?" questioned Hermione."All purebloods who haven't a child to name heir, appoint another heir miss Granger." Ragnok said. "It's to protect the houses from dying out.""What kind of power does this give you over us Y?" asked Neville unsure. "Not that I don't trust you but if you're going to assign me bedtimes and stuff, I might not listen to someone younger than me.""Oi, I'm only a day younger." Yrrah complained. "But in the books, we'll stand as brothers and sisters. Not by blood but by adoption. To Hermione I'll be her magical guardian, which means that in the magical world I need to protect her and make sure she's looked after.""By staying in your quarters." Concluded Hermione happily."Yes, and to you Nev, I'm nothing more than a brother.""I always wanted a little brother." Smiled the Longbottom heir. "So, no blood adoption, isn't that illegal in Britain?""It is so we just need to sign here." Ragnok had competed the contracts and handed them a quill. Yrrah signed first followed by his friends. The papers glowed. "Congratulations. Now you better get back to school before you get missed again. I'll add this to our archives. The goat won't know what happened only that he has no power over any of you.""Thanks, Ragnok." Yrrah said grateful. "May I jump from here?""Off course." The Goblin bowed. "Don't forget to keep me posted. You too Lady Ravenclaw, prince Longbottom-Gryffindor. Don't hesitate to come here if you need aid.""Thank you." Smiled Hermione. "Please call me Hermione.""And I'm Neville.""Neville, Hermione." Ragnok said.Yrrah waved before grabbing his friends' hands. "Bye Ragnok." With a flash they were gone.Ragnok looked at the papers. "You're going faster than I thought young prince." Mumbled the Goblin. "Just one chosen one to go."The trio appeared at the castle doors and saw the group first years sitting on the grass. The twins were seated there as well as an unfamiliar face."There they are. We thought that Dumbledore had locked you in the dungeons or something." Complained Susan. "We've been waiting for over an hour.""We needed to take care of a few things but now we have our own rooms!" Neville dropped next to the red haired Hufflepuff. "Isn't that awesome? No more sharing, no more snoring and best of all. Our own bathrooms.""And library." Hermione added dropping down next to Tracey. "Don't forget the library.""Got any rooms left." The Slytherin next to Hermione asked. "Oh please, I'll do anything.""Sorry." Yrrah sat next to the twins. "But it was hard to let fellow Gryffindors stay with me. Never mind the other houses." Turning to the unfamiliar Hufflepuff Yrrah frowned. "I don't believe we've met before; my name is Yrrah Pendragon. And who are you?""Uh I'm Cedric, your highness," the boy said nervous. "Cedric Amos Diggory, Scion heir to the Ancient and Noble house Diggory.""We invited him along." Fred explained.George continues. "We needed one to make the teams even.""And Ced is a decent guy.""Only a bit of a rule follower.""But his seeker skills make up for that.""We thought that he wouldn't make a big of deal""Of your heritage." Finished Fred.Yrrah gave a small nod. "There are no titles here Cedric. You can live with that?""I sure can." Smiled the older Hufflepuff."Then let's play." Hermione rose up. "Teams?""Twins separate." Said Terry quickly. "And let them choose. Anyone have a coin?" Yrrah transfigured a blade of grass into a replica coin and handed it to the Ravenclaw, ignoring the disbelieving looks send his way. "Uh that will do. Head or tails?""Head." George said and Terry threw the coin in the air. "I win. I take Ced."The teams were made. Fred, Yrrah, Hermione, Daphne, Terry, Susan against George, Cedric, Neville, Tracey, Padma and Hannah. Lee was keeping score and commenting. George kicked the ball off and the game was on!After an hour the score was 6 against 7 for team George and Yrrah had called out to a Hogwarts house elf for a filled picnic basket. They sat down on a blanket enjoying the sweets and sun."Well I for one am glad to find one thing Yrrah is a disaster in." Susan was laying on her stomach while eating a piece of cake."Hey, you're not that much better than me." laughed Yrrah throwing a jellybean at her."No but the point is your majesty, that everyone is better than you. It may not be much but it's the truth, you suck at this game." Grinned Daphne."Even my own team is turning against me." Groaned Yrrah leaning back dramatically as the group laughed.Susan turned to Neville. "So, are the rumors true? Is our Neville a chosen one?"Nervously rubbed the boy in question his neck. "Yeah, wandless." Admitted Neville. "It's pretty cool actually, Yrrah gave me a book about it and I've been studying it for a week now.""Please show us." Begged Padma."Uh I don't know." Neville looked at Yrrah who gave him a small nod and a smile. "I guess it couldn't hurt…" taking a deep breath, Neville held out his hands. Sure of himself he said the spell Yrrah had shown him. "LUMOS SOLUM."The small orb was brighter than last time and Neville let out a breath in relief."Amazing." Said Tracey. "I wish I could do that but the only power I have are my amazing looks." The collection of houses burst out in laughing making Neville lose his focus and the orb disappear. They chatted among each other during the rest of the lunch and Cedric suggested to continue the game.It was almost four when they were back on the blanket. The house elves had fetched them refreshments and they toasted on surprisingly Hannah as best player and Yrrah as the worst."Mr. Pendragon." Professor Black walked towards them. "I've been looking for you, I believe you promised me a rematch?""Of course, professor." Grinned Yrrah, "Here and now?"Sirius pulled his wand. "Certainly.""Uh what's going on?" Cedric asked carefully.Hermione quickly explained to the whole group while Yrrah set the wards and Neville became referee. "Yrrah has been trained in dueling since he was two years old. He was teaching us how to protect ourselves when Black interfered. They ended up in a friendly duel and both enjoyed it so much that they wanted to do it again.""Wait Black spoke of a rematch." Fred frowned."Our Yrrah won against a professor?" his twin finished.Hermione shrugged. "Well it was quite boring. Yrrah had set the wards, Black send a stunning spell at him that Yrrah shield with a mirror and Black was hit in the back with his own spell."It became silent when the two bowed and Neville counted down. Sirius send the first disarming spell at Yrrah which was easily shielded. Yrrah send a tickling hex at the professor, Sirius took a step to his right while sending a Stupefy back to the young prince. Spells were thrown back and forth but then Yrrah did something unexpected.He multiplied.And again.Four boys with identical green (wait green hadn't he imagined that last time?) eyes and slowly darkling blond hair surrounded the professor. Raising their wands, the Yrrahs said "Titillando."Sirius fell on the ground laughing as he was hit with a strong tickling hex. The illusions couldn't produce spells but since the man didn't know which one was real, he was too late with shielding it. "I give in." laughed Sirius holding his sides. "Please mercy. I give in."The Yrrahs closed their eyes and three disappeared. When the boy opened his eyes, they were piercing blue again.The students watching started to cheer as Yrrah bowed."How did you do that?" Sirius asked trying to catch his breath.Yrrah sat down next to the professor as the wards dropped. "I'm a Legilimens. What you saw was just an image planted in your mind.""But I have strong shields." Protested the professor while checking the condition of the said shields. The others had joined them while listening to Yrrah's explanation of how he won."During the duel, you put power in your spells which weakens the shields." Offered Yrrah. "You know that I'm a Metamorphmagus, my father once noticed that when I get into a duel my eyes change back to their original color. I let too much power fly into my spells that I lose a bit control.""That's why your eyes turn green." Neville concluded."Wait, you've changed your looks as we speak?" asked Daphne. "What do you normally look like?""Well this is my body." Shrugged Yrrah. "My face is now more like my adoptive dad. My hair is by nature darker and shorter and my eyes are green.""It's kind of sweet." Said Susan. "To honor your father by trying to look like him.""Who is your father?" asked Hermione.Yrrah grinned, "you wouldn't believe me if I told you.""Try me." Dared Hermione."One day." Smiled Yrrah.Neville rolled his eyes. "Didn´t we went over this, like this morning?""We did." Yrrah turned to Sirius. "So, the points?""Yeah, yeah another ten to Gryffindor and I will come to you after dinner for the room inspection." Grumbled Sirius."Can you walk with us now?" asked Yrrah. "I need a change of clothing and I have something planned after dinner.""If you promise me a rematch." snapped Black. "I didn't know you could do that. It's not fair.""You said he could use anything." Grinned Neville. The professor only glared at him."Well no rematch today," Hermione looked at the sun. "We better hurry up if we want to fresh up before dinner.""Ravenclaw table okay?" suggested Teddy. "You never sat down with us.""Ravenclaw it is." Hannah said. "But I want to shower so around half past six? That gives us at least two hours."Everyone nodded their consent and they made their way to their own common rooms."What is it that you have planned after dinner Yrrah?" questioned Hermione, the trio walked up the stairs followed by a scowling professor.Yrrah laid a hand on Neville's arm. "Ragnok said I can only make an alliance with the current Lord Longbottom." Neville tensed. "If you don't want to talk about it, I understand. But know we're here if you want us to listen." The Longbottom heir remained silent but gave a small nod, professor Black was looking at them confused. "You were using your father's wand, so I gather he's not able to use it. I thought that we could travel to your guardian who is most likely the regent for your father?"Neville beamed. "We could visit Grandma during school?""Yeah. She should be informed of today's activities before it may end up in the paper." Yrrah softly squeezed Neville's arm before letting go. "Besides, she might want to know that her grandson is a chosen one from him and not by letter.""Oh, she'll be so proud." Neville said out loud in the excitement forgetting who was walking behind them."Who's going to be proud?" questioned Black totally confused. He had watched the three walking in front of him. When Pendragon touched Longbottom's arm, his first thought was that he had magically exhausted the first year. But then the Longbottom heir tensed and, in the end, nodded. The whole time the lips remained closed and no eye contact was made.It was annoying how many secrets these three had. Sirius was willing to bet his entire chocolate frog… o wait he had burned them… his uh… well he was just willing to bet that the Longbottom heir wasn't the only one with chosen powers. Pendragon was too strong to be a normal everyday wizard. Even if he was trained from a young age."Nothing sir." Hermione turned around. "He sometimes blurs things out without really any meaning.""Oi, I'm not the one who…" Neville swallowed at the pointed look the girl gave him."Who what Neville?" asked Hermione.Yrrah chuckled resting his hand against a stone wall. Neville sighed in relief as a door appeared, Hermione pushed pass him and walked directly towards her room. Yrrah turned to Neville looked at him before disappearing in his own room."Uh you can look around if you like, I'm going to prepare some drinks in the kitchen." the boy pointed at the left side of the room. "Can I get you anything?""I'll have what you guys have." Sirius said looking around. "This looks amazing. I wish I knew of this place when I was still at school.""It's pretty cool." Agreed Neville. "We have a potions lab, training room and library. Our own room and bathroom. And even a muggle invention called mofee.""Mofee?" asked Black as he studied the crests on the walls. "What is a mofee?""It's called Movie." The prince walked out, his hairs still wet from his, very short, shower and dressed in what looked like some sort of official costume. Golden wristbands encircled his wrists and he placed a sword and some kind of light vest on the dinner table. "It's like a wizard picture but with a story and sound.""What he said." Nodded Neville placing the drinks on table. "I'll go take my shower now."Yrrah turned to the professor. "You're welcome to use the bathroom if you want to clean up before dinner.""No thank you." Sirius send a cleaning charm at himself. "This will do until dinner.""As you wish." Said Yrrah as he handed him a goblet. "Shall I give you a tour?""Please." Said Black taking a sip. He immediately chocked. "Fire whiskey? You're drinking fire whiskey?"The prince actually laughed. "No, we're drinking a potion which turns in the taste you desire the most. It's what we put on our sandwiches this morning. Only the taste so you don't have to worry about getting drunk.""Oh. In that case." Taking another sib, Sirius shuddered in delight. "They won't let me drink too much in this castle.""You're an adult," said Yrrah confused. "Shouldn't you be allowed to do as you please in your free time? I understand the rules about drinking around students and only after you finished your responsibilities but there is something like free time.""Not for me." Sirius said somber. Seeing the confused look, he clarified. "I'm sure you heard from the older years that after my godson's disappearance I lost it. I drank too much and thought too little. I missed my friends, still miss them but Harry, his first and only word had been pa 'foo. My nickname. If he was crying, Lily handed him to me because I could make him smile. The kid was as much as my own as I'm ever going to get. Losing him, and the only three true friends I ever had, Lily, James and Remus. I was in a bad place and bad places and alcohol don't go together." Sirius shook his head. "I'm sorry I shouldn't be telling you this. It's… your green eyes during the duel, they remind me of Lily's, her eyes were just as green and fierce when she and I dueled. When I looked into your original eyes, I feel like I'm dueling her."It stayed silent for a moment. "I have something that may help." Yrrah said, opening the door to his room and gesturing the professor in. "This mirror is magical. It shows anyone you want to see. Except under strong wards, death or uh when they are doing something private like showering." Yrrah laid his hand against the glass concentrating on Lily. The mirror changed, showing the husband and wife during dinner. A sad smile graced both lips as they slowly ate. James laid down his cutlery and rose up, taking Lily's hand and pulling her on the dance floor. Her head came to rest on his shoulder as they softly swayed. Words were whispered but the mirror made no sound.Slow tears made their way down the professor's cheeks. "This shows everyone?""Almost everyone." Corrected Yrrah. "Lay your hand on the glass and think of them."Sirius did as Yrrah said and the mirror turned a mirror again. Yrrah watched himself stand next to the professor, wondering for the millionth time why the man felt so familiar. "This means he has died.""Or hidden under strong wards," stated Yrrah. "I can't see my family either."Again, Sirius placed his hand black on the glass. A man with sandy hair and a small moustache was working through a stash of letters, making three piles. "Good for you moony." The professor whispered, he turned to the small prince. "He has a condition and most people won't hire him because he's sick a lot. I'm glad he has work.""This mirror can eat you alive professor." Said Yrrah making the mirror, a mirror again. "You have seen that your friends are well but if you want to see them again. Try writing. This is kind of stalking.""Thank you. For showing it to me." Black said emotional."You're welcome." Yrrah smiled at the man.Sirius watched the prince beam up at him when he notices something under the still wet hairs. He went down on his knee. "Did I hurt you during our duel?" he asked, pushing the blond-brown locks away from Yrrah's forehead. Above the blue right eye there was a lighting bold shaped cut. While it looked old, it wasn't healed."No sir," said Yrrah cold as he quickly brought his hair back over his scar using his powers. "When I was one year old, I survived a really dark curse. That curse scar is the remainder that my biological father tried to kill me and can't be healed, even by the best healers. Nor will it disappear when I transform my face.""I'm sorry." Sirius said gravely."You weren't there. It was around the same time your godson disappeared, so you were occupied." Yrrah went back to the sofa, falling down on them. "I never understood why others take this long to shower.""Because I don't like to smell like dirty old socks." Hermione walked in, wearing battle robes Yrrah had given her and Neville for the training."I have potions for that." Said Yrrah defending his smell. "I smell perfectly fine.""Keep telling yourself that." Grinned Neville dressed in the same outfit. Sirius frowned, the three were all smelling fine, what was the fuss about. "But speaking of potions…""I have taken mine all ready." Sighed Yrrah, making the professor stare at him. "Oh, you guys are worse than my aunt. And she's my healer." A pillow hit him square in the face.Hermione was twirling her wand in her hand. "Are you okay?" she asked with fake concern. "Do you need your aunty the healer?""Oh, it's so on." Yrrah used the Tempus spell he saw they had almost forty minutes left. The prince jumped up and ran towards the training room. Touching the door for a second before opening it. The room was filled with soft pillows and even the walls were soft.Hermione and Neville laughed as they ran after him throwing one pillow after another at each other.Sirius leaned against the doorpost watching the children, be kids. Play around. He somehow hadn't suspecting this kind of behavior of the three. They acted way beyond their age during classes.The professor was pulled out his thought by a pillow hitting him in his stomach.A smirking Yrrah threw another one before getting hit by one of Neville's. Black grabbed his own pillow actually laughing as he joined them.Well I do hope I gave Sirius enough hints. The green eyes… the mirror… But as they say, can't see the forest through the trees? It will be summer vacation soon, that should mean I have more time to read over and post. Thanks to Star1X, Geekymom, Ainokea2810, Clive54, Anuart Tsui, Tymaxion for dropping a review! They make my day and help me think about certain things (if my bashing is too much or how McGonagall is going to respond)Stay safe everyone!

Disclaimer, If I didn't own the previous chapters, I probably don't own this one…It was a beaming Sirius Black, who sat down at the staff table.McGonagall was looking at him a little apprehensive, "He's smiling, why is he smiling?" she asked the charm professor before turning to the grinning professor. "Why are you smiling? You haven't gone back to your horrid pranks, have you?""And are those feathers in your hair?" Flitwick asked pulling a small white father from the professor's dark waves.Sirius nodded. "Yes, one of the pillows broke," he explained. "Miss Granger has a mean aim. According to her she used to play a muggle game called softball with her father.""You were in a pillow fight with miss Granger?" Flitwick asked confused.The custom professor nodded again. "And Pendragon and Longbottom. They asked me to inspect their quarters. I don't know what happened but before I knew it, I was engaged in a pillow fight. Which miss Granger clearly one.""And the rooms?" questioned McGonagall. "Are they satisfactory?""They have individual bedrooms with their own private bathroom. Pendragon has a potions lab, he admitted that he was going to use it but since he has a mastery, I didn't feel the need to protest. There is a kitchen, living room and a training room. It looks cozy and clean in my opinion. We made a deal that I would inspect their quarters at random times and if their grade average stays above EE they can stay there.""Well handled Sirius." complimented Minerva. "I´m glad you had a good time but don´t forget that they are children and you´re an adult. We´re all glad to see a little of the old you back." She ignored the disapproving snort from Snape. "But they´re children and Pendragon, Granger and Longbottom are not James, Lily and Remus, they may not want you around all the time.""I know Minerva." Said Sirius. "But this afternoon when I saw that determined look in those green eyes, I swear I thought that it was Lily looking at me.""Green eyes?" Flitwick frowned. "I would swear Miss Granger has brown eyes.""No not Granger. Pendragon has these abnormal green eyes." The custom professor finally started eating his dinner. "He has changed his looks to look like his adoptive father, but his eyes are normally green. During our duel his hold on his looks slips and...""Duel?" Dumbledore joined the table. "Sirius my boy, we don´t duel with students. I know you would never do it on purpose, but they might get hurt.""The only thing that got hurt was my pride." stated Black solemnly. "Got my ass kicked twice. First time by my own stunner and the second time he took me out with a tickling charm.""You lost from a first year?" laughed Snape.Sirius raised an eyebrow at his colleague. "If I remember correctly, you lost a potions duel from that same student. We all know that I got my mastery in combat defense not dueling, what´s your excuse?"Grumbling turned Snape back to his plate.Dumbledore frowned. "I start to wonder why mister Pendragon has been taught so much before he joined us. And how can an eleven-year-old be this advanced?""From what I overheard." Squeaked the charms professor. "Our young prince has been trained by his family since he can walk. Maybe even before that… I have to admit that I am curious about his dueling, his magic is impressive. Next time, I would love to referee your match, Sirius.""I'll ask." Offered Sirius. "But it's up to Yrrah.""What I find curious, if he is this advanced, why come to Hogwarts?" questioned Snape. "Why not continue his studies at home?""From what I understand Pendragon grew up extremely isolated. He had very few meetings with other children or had friends remotely to his age." Sirius frowned, pushing the broccoli around his plate and staring at the group. "He was sent to Hogwarts to earn the British way of magic and form friendly connections.""He told me his family went to Hogwarts when they were younger," Severus remembered from his talk with the other potion master. "And all went to different houses.""I´m worried that there may be another motive is to why he was sent here." Dumbledore looked over his half round glasses at the Ravenclaw table where the prince was surrounded by their friends from the different houses. "Look at his choice of friends. Mister Longbottom, who is also a chosen one, Miss Bones, Miss Abbott, Miss Greengrass, misters Weasley and now mister Diggory has joined them.""Political a very powerful group if they want to be." Agreed Minerva. "But let us not forget they're still children and Pendragon made it quite clear he didn't want the crown,"Severus nodded. "While their little study group looks at him as a leader during potions, it was obvious that he doesn't try to be." Snape thought back to the lesson, how Yrrah walked around and organized the class. "Pendragon doesn't teach during his tutor hour; he just answers questions and gives them a way to learn. I heard from my first-year snakes that Pendragon asks for help on modern English literature and politics and Miss Granger takes charge during the study sessions, arranging the homework schedule. From what I heard, they split up the work, Miss Granger takes on the work for history of magic and Mister Longbottom, Miss Greengrass and Miss Bones help the others with customs. Mister Longbottom and Miss Abbott arrange herbology tutoring. My two snakes take astrology. Pendragon is advanced in the spell work. Everyone is equal and I never saw anything like it."The headmaster hummed, still not convinced that the group was as innocent as the other teachers assumed. "That may be. But I'll be keeping my eye on him and I want you all to do the same." declared Dumbledore final.Sirius saw the trio leave the great hall and he couldn't help but wonder if his Harry would be like Yrrah. "Yeah he probably would be." Grinned Sirius. "With the both of them in Gryffindor, they probably be best friends. Just like James and I used to be."The moment the trio stepped into their quarters, Yrrah lifted the transfiguring on their battle gear, changing them back from the school uniform to the practical dragon hide.Hedwig was sitting on the counter with a letter attached to her claw."How did she get in?" questioned Hermione looking around. "There are no real windows are there?""I opened the magical mirror in my room. It can be uses as a window." Yrrah petted his owl before freeing her of her letter. "You can stay with us girl or go back to the Owl tower. But if you stay you have to promise not to eat Neville´s toad Trevor."Hedwig hooted that she preferred to stay here and settled down on Hermione's shoulder. The witch went to the kitchen to fetch the owl some bacon much to Hedwig's delight. "Who is the letter from?" she asked."Mrs. Potter." Yrrah as he opened the envelope.Dear Yrrah,I´m glad we both agree that those pureblood etiquette are pretty useless.You really were isolated if you don't know about the Eifel tower. It's in Paris, a famous tower build, many years ago. I'm sure one of your friends could explain it to you. I am curious about those wards, are they attached to jewelry? I have never heard about wards that could be activated without a wand. I'm sorry your private life ended up in the papers, Rita is a really malicious reporter and she doesn't care about personal boundaries. Most days she doesn't even care if something is the truth or not, as long as the story sells. With your parents that far away, what if something happens? Did they appoint a guardian while you're in Britain? And is it true what I read in the paper, you got a potions mastery and Severus challenged you?I'm glad Neville and you made friends. Especially that you made friends outside Gryffindor. One of my first friends was a Slytherin. Friends are important, make sure you have lots of fun with them between classes.Don't mind the rest of the students. They are just jealous that magic comes to you so easy, keep following your studies it will only award you in the end.I'm glad that Sirius is doing okay, but I can´t write him. Its rather complicated Yrrah, maybe one day I´ll explain it to you.I look forward to your next letter, write me if you had your first flying class.LilyP.s. James wants me to warn you that he'll hex the next letter if you call him Lord again. And he wouldn´t mind receiving a letter if you want to talk with a man about some problems, he wrote Neville the same. He also wanted to know if it was true what the paper said about being an animagus– LilyYrrah laid the letter between his schoolbooks before turning to his friends. "Hogwarts gives flying lessons?" He asked confused."Of course," stated Neville surprised, "I think they start next week or something.""Interesting." Mumbled Yrrah wondering why they gave lessons on flying. The teacher had to be able to use the elements to allow the students to be lifted in the air, but according to Grandpa Merlin, there had only been one element master since uncle Sal so why would they need to learn how to stay upright in the air. The only other way is dark magic, he very much doubted that they would be teaching that to eleven-year olds.Well maybe it's for fun, he liked to fly so why not?"Shall we go visit your families?" suggested Yrrah holding out his hands. Hermione and Neville both took one, Neville concentrated on his arsenal home while connecting his thoughts to Yrrah and Yrrah send them towards the Longbottom mansion in a flash."Home," smiled the suddenly nervous boy as he looked at the gates. "Gran might be having guest over.""One way to find out." Yrrah said cheerfully as he pushed the doorbell.A house elf appeared at the gate. "Master, yours returned home!" the little creature said happily. "Tippsy so happy master is home.""I'm happy to be back too Tippsy," smiled Neville. "These are my friends, Yrrah and Hermione, we've come to see grandma. Is she entertaining guests or can I speak to her?""Lady is in the dinner room all alone. Mistress is a lot alone since young Master left." Tippsy's ears lowered sadly before perking up. "Tippsy will brings you to Mistress, Mistress would be very very happy to see young Master." The house elf grabbed the trouser legs of all three and with a plop they were standing in a large dining room. "Mistress, Master has returns.""Neville!" A woman with grey hair looked up surprised before raising on her feet, her knitting needles fell on the ground. She was wearing a green dress and Yrrah noticed that she looked very strict. "What in the name of Merlin´s nose hair are you doing home?"Yrrah fought down the urge to chuckle at the curse before stepping forward. "I believe that this is my fault Lady Longbottom. My name is Lord Yrrah Pendragon, I'm a friend of Neville." As the etiquette demanded, Yrrah gave a small bow kissing the knuckles of Neville's grandmother."It´s an honor to meet you Lord Pendragon. However, shouldn't you three be at Hogwarts at the moment?" asked Lady Longbottom confused."Please, call me Yrrah." Requested the prince. "There has been a development we wanted you to be informed about before it may come out in the papers. I don't wish to be rude, but it is a strange explanation. Is there somewhere we could sit in comfort?""Yes of course. Tippsy could you prepare tea for me and my guests?" Lady Longbottom brought them to a large sitting room, she lighted up the fireplace before sitting down on a comfortable chair. The trio sat down on a couch with Neville in the middle. "What is going on Neville?"Neville quickly explained his first two weeks in Hogwarts, how Ron kept insulted them, how they invited Hermione in their cabin and the beginning of their friendship. How they worked together in class and that Yrrah had these founder books. The training in the morning and the magic lessons in the evening. "Yrrah is a chosen one Grandma, I can't tell you his gift because he wants it to remain hidden, but he recognized something in me." Neville explained. "After a few tests, we found out that I don't need a wand to perform magic.""You mean..." Lady Longbottom looked back and forth between the two boys.Neville smiled and held out his hand. "Lumos Solum."The orb appeared and Neville's grandma squealed in delight before pulling her grandson in an embrace. "Oh, Neville I knew you were special. Now everyone will know, wait until I tell your uncle...""Grandma, I´m not finished there is more." Neville said and he told her about the bullying they were admitted to by their fellow first years, the hurtful words and tripping hexes. How Professor Black interfered and punished their year mates and that night how Ron send a cutting hex at Hermione's throat. "I used the protego charm to shield it of, but we knew we weren't safe in Gryffindor tower any longer.""You can use the protego charm? Wandless?" the old lady said surprised and impressed.Neville shrugged. "Yrrah has been teaching us how to protect ourselves." explained the shy boy. "A basic shield is important.""Your parents would be so proud of you." Smiled the grandmother, Neville beamed. "So, what happened next?""Yrrah knew a place in the castle where we could stay, the private quarters of house Pendragon, hidden on the seventh floor." Neville explained. "We spend the night there but were called at the headmaster's office at breakfast. Dumbledore wanted to send us back to Gryffindor tower, but we didn't want to go back. When Ron cursed Hermione in the common room nobody came to our defense even though none of us had our wands out. Hermione could have been killed if I didn´t have the wandless abilities and all Ron got was a week detention.""Don't you worry children." Reassured the Lady. "I will pull some strings for you to stay in the Pendragon quarters, Albus knows better than to cross me.""Well that´s just it Gran. Yrrah already took care of it." Neville turned to his best friend for the rest of the tale."As Lord Pendragon I have the right to stay in the royal quarters." Yrrah started. "This morning, after we left Professor Dumbledore's office, we visit Gringotts. I placed both my friends under the protection of two houses I also am heir too. As my adopted brother and sister, they are entitled to stay in the same quarters as I am.""You adopted my grandson as your brother?" asked the Lady confused. "But this hasn't been done for years. Not many know that it is possible.""That's not all Grandma." Neville said softly, fidgeting with his hands and too nervous to meet her eyes. "Yrrah made me his heir. I signed the papers this morning with King Ragnok. By tomorrow I'll be Prince Neville Frank Longbottom Gryffindor, scion heir to the ancient and noble house of Longbottom. Scion to the ancient and most noble house Gryffindor and heir to the most ancient and most noble house Pendragon."The Lady sat in shock after Neville dropped this bombshell. "I think you guys broke her," Hermione whispered slowly sipping her tea. "Lady Longbottom? Are you all right?""This all happened in just two weeks?" stuttered the Lady. "Well... uh... I don't know what to say...""That's the first." Whispered Neville to his friends. "Grandma, Yrrah wants an alliance between house Pendragon and house Longbottom. War is coming and I believe that the three of us may be in the middle of it all."That got Lady Longbottom's attention. "What do you mean with that?"After sharing a short look between the trio, Yrrah continued. "How strong are your mental shields? Are you good at occlumency?""As strong as my magic." Lady Longbottom stated, tilting her chin up proudly."What will be said here, must never leave these walls. King Ragnok and the three of us are the only ones in whole Britain who knows about what I am going to tell you, but political influence may help our cause. And Neville told me you have enough of that madam." Stated Yrrah strongly turning to Neville."Yrrah is a potions master. He has a potion that makes your mental shields invincible." Neville held out a vial. "Could you please take this for me?"The Lady took the vial and let one drip fall on the sugar. "The sugar has poison detection. If it would cause me harm it would have turned red otherwise the color won´t change." Lady Longbottom drowned the vial before passing it back empty. She closed her eyes and checked her shields before nodding. "I feel their power. Now tell me why you believe that war is coming?""Well Yrrah's father has trained him to one day face the man who tried to kill him when he was one year old. We also believe that vo...Voldemort is not death, and there is a prophecy that a boy born as the seventh month died. This could be me, Yrrah or Harry Potter. The Death eaters still have their mark, according to our research as long as that mark is on their skin their master is alive. That's why Yrrah was changed and why he us training me, one of us has to kill Voldemort."Neville´s grandmother nodded, "Yes I see. Very good." And passed out.After waking the lady up, Neville said his goodbyes with the promise to keep her informed and that he would visit sometimes during the weekends if they manage to slip away.Lady Longbottom would go to Gringotts and sign an alliance between the two houses with the help from Ragnok. When Hermione warned for the nosy headmaster the Lady laughed. "Don´t worry about the old goat. I know he means well, and he is thinking about the greater good. However, I'll make sure that he knows who is boss. One thing before you guys go back to school and your beds, how do you know so much of the dark mark?""I had a small conversation with Professor Snape, and I could feel the dark magic around his arm." Yrrah said a bit hesitantly. "I let my magic scan it and felt that the dark mark is a connection between two lives. I read about it before and my father told me about stories about the knights of Pendragon. In the stories I heard about, the mark disappears as one dies.""You don´t sound so sure Yrrah." The Lady Longbottom noticed."We had another theory." said Hermione softly. "It is also possible that if Voldemort dies, he takes every marked follower with him.""Good Riddance I say." Nodded Lady Longbottom, they kept silent for a moment before nodding to herself. "You three gave me much to think about. Now hop bedtime. Neville, I expect that you'll be working really hard in training, knowing that you have a chance to avenge your parents. And Neville. I'm really proud of you.""Thanks Gran." Neville hugged his grandmother, who placed a soft kiss on his head.While holding her charge in her arms, Lady Longbottom looked at the other two. "Keep me informed and train hard. No eleven-year-old should have to fight in a war but if the prophecy spoke truth, you may not have a choice. If you need anything, I'm just a floo call away.""Thank you, my Lady." Yrrah gave a short bow. Gently he laid a hand on Neville´s shoulder and took Hermione´s hand in the other. "We won't disappoint you."A white flash later they were standing in a living room. A man had jumped in front of a woman clad in pajama as protection but was quickly tackled by a bushy haired witch who was screaming "Daddy!""Princess?" the man looked surprised as he held his daughter close. "Uh Honey what is going on?"Hermione quickly hugged her mother as she turned back to her friends. "Mom, dad, these two are my best friends. Neville and Yrrah. And Yrrah has this special power to jump to everywhere he wants to go. Isn´t that cool? That means I can visit you at home in the weekends!"Yrrah and Neville offered their hands to Hermione's Dad and kissed her mother's knuckles. "Hello boys, my name is Dan and that is my wife Emma." Dan said while holding his daughter close. "Pumpkin not that I'm not glad to see you but uh couldn't you have come during the day? Shouldn't you be in bed?"This made Hermione start her tale, about the mean kids on the train, how both Yrrah and Neville never had real friends before, the bullying and the friends they made in the study group and the incident in Gryffindor tower. Hermione was clever enough to leave out that the hex could have killed her but only said it would have hurt her. She told about the rooms with personal library and warded doors. How the headmaster wanted to force her back to the tower and that Yrrah's idea of a solution was a brother sister adoption. "It's like a magical adoption. Magically I'm Yrrah's older sister.""You're sharing a quarter with two boys and another one tried to hurt my princess?" Emma asked low."What kind of school did we send you of too?" Questioned Dan while eying the boys.Hermione shrugged. "Hogwarts has been a disappointment so far." She admitted. "But training with Nev and Y is amazing.""Training?" frowned Dan. "What kind of training?"Hermione turned to Yrrah, "Well for starters. I'm a prince in the magical world." Admitted Yrrah. "That´s why I'm allowed to have my own quarters. There hasn´t been a magical king since King Arthur and Merlin, my family has been hiding for over a thousand years but never claimed the throne. How much did you hear about the importance of Blood purity?""The looks in Diagon Ally were enough." Mumbled Emma saddened.Neville took over. "Before I was born, there was a war here in Britain. A wizard war, which has ended when I was one year old on Halloween 1981.""I remember." Dan said. "They told us that terrorist were attacking our country over a cartoon.""I know they told lies to hide the magic community." Neville nodded. "Lord Voldemort kills non-magical persons to pass the time. He kills children with magic but with non-magical powers for fun. If the war hadn´t ended the day it had, Hermione probably would have been killed the moment she showed magic. It was a dark time. It was believed that Voldemort had been defeated. But we know that this isn´t the case. Yrrah has been trained from a young age to fight the pureblood idiots and create a magical world where blood doesn´t matter.""On Hogwarts he tries to keep in shape." continued Hermione. "Neville and I decided to join him. While Neville has pureblood, his family if know to support the equality. I train because I know if Voldemort comes back, I won't stand a chance without it.""What the hell did we send you in too?" complained Dan. "You're eleven Hermione. Not a soldier.""And I won't fight unless I can't escape." Promised Hermione. "The magical world is a dangerous place right now. I think you can best compare Voldemort to Hitler. I'm a Jew in this story dad, and I' could try to hide when he gets to power again but I need a fighting chance.""What are your parts in this?" Emma questioned the boys."The magical world believes in prophecies," explained Yrrah. "And one sheerer has predicted that either Neville, I or another boy who has disappeared years ago, are the only ones who can end this dark wizard.""They want a child to do their dirty work?" Dan asked disgusted.Neville shrugged. "Voldemort hasn't returned yet, it may be years before he shows himself again. Until then we prepare for what may happen if we face them.""And Hermione?" Dan grabbed his daughter and hugged her tightly to his side.Yrrah smiled. "We as best friends have a mind link, we can share thoughts and feelings as magical twin brothers and sisters. In our world there are ten powers and every year two over the whole world are born with these powers. Hermione is one of them. She can remember everything she reads and even build her own library in her mind. I can teach her how to use it but that doesn't mean she has to join a war if she doesn't want to.""I don´t like this." Dan stated holding his only child close and kissing her cheek.Hermione kissed her father's cheek back. "Dad, I have years before this will happen. Until then I have a personal library, my own quarters with a movie player, I have friends and I learn magic. What more could I want?"Sunday was filled with training, they ate breakfast at the Gryffindor table with the ´study group´ before disappearing until dinner. They asked what they had done all day when Hermione almost fell asleep in her pudding and Neville didn´t seem to be able to sit upright but Yrrah smiled and said that they had been working out."I don´t need a belly like Hagrid." Yrrah said brushing his hand over his stomach.Daphne sighed, "Don´t be a whiny bitch, Pendragon. Nobody got bellies in this group. You know maybe Terry could lose some weight or whatever.""Oi, I´m not fat." Protested the Ravenclaw, throwing a small piece of chicken at the Slytherin.Tracey grinned. "We didn´t say you were fat, just puffy." Quickly Yrrah and his friends left before the argument got out of hand.The days went by fast, every morning they woke up, trained physically for an hour, breakfast, class, lunch, more classes, dueling training, dinner and homework with the study group. They sometimes watched a movie before going to bed but the times that they did fell asleep halfway.Surprisingly, they never had issues with the other first years. To be honest, the whole study group was ignored by their peers but they didn´t mind, they had each other.Daphne and Tracey had arranged that potions tutoring could be done after dinner because as they enthusiast told them, Friday was the first flying lessons.Yrrah was almost skipping when he walked out the castle Friday afternoon. He couldn't wait to fly but stopped dead on his tracks as he saw the brooms waiting for them. "So, the stories were true." Said the little warrior surprised. "The muggle children books spoke of witches flying on brooms. I thought it was just imagination.""Wait, how did you think we were going to fly?" Hannah asked."Uh you know, just go in the air? Floating charms?" tried Yrrah as the rest burst out laughing.Tracey patted Yrrah´s back. "Oh you say the funniest things. Flying without a broom. Everyone knows you can't just go of in the air without a magical broom.""Well everyone but Yrrah apparently." Chuckled Terry, seeing the blush on the prince his cheeks.Madam Hooch walked up to them. She had twenty of the school broomsticks lined up ready on the grass before she arrived. The first thing Yrrah noticed were her yellow eyes, which reminded him of a falcon. "Good afternoon, class.""Good afternoon, Madam Hooch." Greeted the complete first year. Normally the classes would have been split into two. However due to bad weather the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw had been canceled and now they were all put together."Everyone, go stand next to a broom." Madam Hooch walked through the path made by brooms. "There has been a small change in the rules, since Wizard customs has been added to the curriculum you only have to follow this class until I'm convinced that you're a decent flyer. When I signed off, you can borrow a school broom in the weekends to fly on your own. Now, let us go to class hold your right hand above a broom and say ´up´""Up." repeated the class. Yrrah's broom immediately flew in his hand, making him lose his balance slightly. "Wow," mumbled he as he watched around. Malfoy managed to complete the task in one try as well but they were the only ones. Yrrah almost burst out in giggles when Ron got hit on his nose by the broom but managed to suppress it.Slowly one by one the brooms ended up in the hands of the students. "Step over your broom." Ordered madam Hootch. "On my count, you push up from the ground, hold your broom standby, float a little and lean back forwards to touch down. I want no heroics and no proving yourself. One, two, three."Neville nervous that he would be the only one on the ground had pushed up before he should. He rose higher and higher."Mr. Longbottom, come down this instant." Hootch demanded but Neville only climbed higher and higher losing control over his broom. Yrrah and Hermione could feel the fear over the mind link, Yrrah didn´t think, he reacted. He kicked off and raced on the broom towards his best friend.However, before Yrrah could reach him, Neville had reached the height of the astronomy tower. Then the worst happened, and he fell.Yrrah managed to catch him by wrapping an arm around Neville's waist and pulling him over the broom. Neville was holding tightly onto Yrrah's until they landed on the DADA tower where Neville's broom had crashed. The embarrassed boy scowled at the object before kicking it. "If you think I'm going to fly that thing down, you can guess again." Neville exclaimed, holding his wrist to his chest."You won't have to fly." Reassured Yrrah. "Are you hurt?""I think I injured my wrist when I hit that statue." Admitted Neville, looking at his wrist and trying to move his fingers. "Thank you for catching me,""No problem," Yrrah gently held the injured limp, "Yes that's broken. Don´t worry, this will be fixed in a second." A white glow surrounded the wrist and Neville felt the pain go away.The boy tested his wrist by rotating it and moving his fingers. "Thanks, that does feel better." Neville looked over the edge, "So how are we getting..." something slipped from his pocket. "By remember ball! It's made of glass."Again, Yrrah reacted before he thought about it. Having enough sense to jump on the broom before he raced down towards the ball. He used the wind to slow the object down while speeding himself up, the closer he got to the ground how louder the screams were and mere inches before he collapsed his fingers caught the ball and he pulled up going back to the tower."Nev, grab the broom and hold on to the ball and me." Yrrah warned. "We're going back to the ground. Or do you want to walk down all these stairs?""Wonderful." Grunted Neville as he sat behind Yrrah. "Don't dive please, slow circles."When they touched the ground, they were immediately surrounded by their friends. Terry quickly supported a shaky Neville and Hannah and Padma went to check if he was all right. Susan and Hermione quickly hugged Yrrah before they and Tracey started to slap him. Daphne looked at them with their arms crossed over her chest."Ouch, what are you doing?" Yrrah groaned as they continued to beat him."Don't you ever do that dive again." Susan yelled, her face as red as her hair.Daphne raised an eyebrow. "For someone who didn´t even knew we fly on brooms, you´re very skilled." She remarked.Madam Hootch, after being sure that Neville was all right, turned her yellow eyes to the young warrior. "In all my years...""MISTER PENDRAGON!" Professor McGonagall stalked from the castle doors, "Madam Hootch may I take mister Pendragon? I saw the whole thing.""What are you planning to do with him?" the flying instructor demanded to know."Introduce him to Wood." stated the strict professor, with a small smirk.Hootch nodded. "Very well, everyone back to your brooms, class isn´t over yet."A bit hesitant let the girls him go, Neville gave him a quick man side hug and a thanks before joining the others again.Yrrah handed his broom to Terry before following his head of house. There wasn't a word said between them as the professor led him through the hallways to the DADA classroom."Excuse me professor." Said McGonagall after she had knocked. "I was wondering if I could borrow Wood for a moment."Yrrah didn´t hear the answer but frowned confused as a tall boy joined them. Again, they walked in silence towards an empty classroom."Pendragon this is Oliver Wood. Wood, I've found you a seeker." McGonagall said in delight, clasping her hands together.Wood walked around Yrrah to study him, "He´s light and small, easy to turn. Fit and strong. But he is a first year.""He caught a small glass ball that fell from the tower just mere seconds before it reached the ground and still managed to pull up." stated McGonagall, "He´s perfect, O how long I wanted that trophy in my office...""Excuse me." Yrrah interrupted confused. "But what is it what I´m supposed to seek?""You were raised in a magical household weren´t you?" questioned Wood. "You´ll be the Gryffindor quidditch house team seeker.""What is quitch?" questioned Yrrah, and Wood passed out.Dear Lily,I asked my friend Hermione, her parents are non-magical, and I really shouldn't have done that. She spends the whole evening telling me about different sightseeing monuments all over Europe. I fear that when I'm older some travelling will be in my future.I got over the paper pretty quick, I'm kind of glad it came out. Now I don't have to worry or hide anymore. And everything written about me is true for now. I started my potions education before I could read making it possible to receive my mastery before I went to Hogwarts. Potions master Snape did challenge me, he didn't know my status and I wanted to earn some points for Gryffindor and teach him a valuable lesson. You can learn something from everyone if you open yourself.And don't worry about my guardian. I am a Lord so emancipated, but I do have a guardian. His name will remain a secret for the time being.I love hanging with my friends, we've played soccer and study together.Flying is awesome.Yrrah.Dear James,I got a letter from Lily that you would like to know if it was true that I was an animagus. Yes, it is true. As part of my training I've studied the art of meditating and it was easy by then to become an animagus.Uh about the man problems, I have my dad, uncle and my teacher for that but thank you. They've explained everything before I left, never had a more embarrassing talk in my life.From what I heard you played quidditch at school. I made the team too. I'm a seeker, what position did you play?I made the team after I caught Neville's remember ball from the DADA tower. Professor McGonagall saw me and at first, I thought that she was going to punish me. She went to collect Wood, but Wood wasn't a punishment but the team captain of the Gryffindor team.I have to go; tell my friends I'm not suspended but the new seeker.ByeYrrahWhen he told his friends what happened, Susan was the most excited. Apparently, she was a quidditch fan and dreamed of one day join the Hufflepuff team as a chaser. Hannah and Tracey were the same but Daphne and Terry both liked the beaters more. Neville admitted that while he never had played, he always wanted to be a keeper like his mother who had been on the Gryffindor house team.The weekend passed with Wood teaching Yrrah all about quidditch while the others spend their time doing their own things. They had the weekend of because all the homework had been completed the same day, they got it.The days wend by and between quidditch training, classes, dueling with Sirius, their secret training and hanging with their friends' time seemed to fly for the trio. Halloween was getting close and Yrrah set his friends from the study group down for a talk. He told them how he had been abandoned on that awful day and how he hated that holiday ever since. That they shouldn't been surprised if he didn't show up for classes that day, or even in the great hall to eat.It was fortunate that Halloween happened on a Thursday this year, meaning they had the morning off followed by transfiguration and potions. Since he was excused from the potions class due to his mastery (normally, Yrrah filled those hours with training without holding back since he had the training room to himself) the only class he would be missing was one hour of transfiguration.He passed a note to Professor McGonagall on Wednesday in which he wrote, not asked but told, that he would be missing her class on October 31st. He has arranged that his homework had been handed in in advance and Hermione promised to make notes with her quill.That the morning Yrrah stayed in bed instead of joining Neville and Hermione in training. Neville came to check on him before they left for the great hall asking if Yrrah needed anything. After getting a negative response the shy boy left, but not before he told Yrrah that they were only one mind call away. "I don't mind missing class." Teased Neville carefully.When Yrrah was sure that his friends had left for the day, he changed into his elfish battle gear. In the kitchen he prepared a small breakfast before entering the training room. He didn't use any magic as he lashed out on the training bots. Only his sword and physical contact, the way Dominic had taught him.It was around lunchtime when a Patronus in the form of a fire phoenix flew in. The voice of the headmaster sounded through the room. "Mister Pendragon, I would like to have a moment of your time. You know the password and the way." And with that the phoenix disappeared when the light dulled.Grumbling the eleven-year-old sheathed his sword on his back and with a small hand gesture the battle robes were masked as school robes.All he had wanted was to be left alone but noooo, he wasn't even allowed this one day where he could hate his biological father and his destiny in peace. Making his way to his grandfa… the headmaster's office, cursing in elvish all the way, he only got angrier with every step."Lemon drop." Said Yrrah with a low voice and he climbed the stairs."Come in Mister Pendragon." Called the headmaster through the door before Yrrah even had a chance to knock. "Please have a seat."The boy sends an angry glare at the professors already seated in the room. While professor McGonagall and professor Flitwick looked concerned, Professor Black's eyes looked vacant. Yrrah let a breath escape, cursing himself to be so unconsidering. Today was also the day that Sirius lost his godson and the Potters their only child. Tomorrow was the day that Neville lost his parents to insanity. He was still angry, but he wasn't the only one who hated day. Many people had lost someone ten years ago.However, that didn't change the fact that he wanted to be left alone today, and by the look on Black's face, he wasn't the only one who just wanted to be alone."My parents taught me to treat people with respect and to never be rude." Stated Yrrah, crossing his arms over his chest while looking Dumbledore in his eyes. "But what am I doing here? I had warned my head of house that I wouldn't attend her class today and wanted to be left alone.""It's highly unusual for a child to be alone on a day like this." Dumbledore said with his twinkly eyes, not shining away from Yrrah's glare. "We were worried why someone wouldn't like to celebrate this day.""It's quite simple." stated the Warrior through gritted teeth. "Today is the day that my parents tried to sacrifice me. On Halloween they tried to kill me. This day holds no celebration for me. Only a reminder that because of my grandfather, I'm still alive this day. Besides I find it despicable that you celebrate this day.""We celebrate the tenth-year anniversary of the demise of the dark lord." Dumbledore looked surprised. "That's a good reason to celebrate.""You adults celebrate the day that a baby died." Spat Yrrah disgusted "Because that's what happened. You celebrate a day that a dark wizard killed an innocent one-year old. And I know Harry may still be alive but that doesn't take away the fact that this baby was taken away by a loving family to end up god knows where. But that's not all, you insist on celebrating this event in front of the child's godfather. You force Professor Black to sit here like everything is alright, but today precisely ten years ago he lost his godson, his brother and friends in one night. And you force him to join the feast surrounding this… 'celebration'. Professor Black has been the only adult in these last seven weeks to earn my respect. He doesn't lie, he admits mistakes and treats me with respect even though I'm a child.""Oh Sirius." Gasped McGonagall, her hands before her mouth in shame. "I didn't…"Black looks to Yrrah with a strange expression. "No-one ever thinks about what was lost, only celebrate the disappearance of Voldemort.""I too have to apologize." Admitted the headmaster, actually looking gravely. "to both of you. I agree that this must be a difficult time for the both of you.""And that's why I don't want to join this so-called Halloween feast." Scoffed Yrrah, feeling a little calmer now. "Because no-one here is considerate enough to even think about someone else for a change. Now if that was all, I have a training I would like to go back to."Without waiting for an answered left Yrrah the office. He almost reached the end of the hall when his name was called, making him turn around."Mister Pendragon." Black jogged to catch up with him. "May I join you?"Yrrah eyed him critically, "You may, but there will be no talking, no touchy feeling stuff. You stay on your own side of the room.""Thank you, Pendragon." Sighed Black as they made their way to the quarters.Yrrah nodded. "Call me Yrrah.""Yrrah, this is just what I need. And for the day you may call me Sirius." Grinned the professor.Yrrah opened the door to his room, with one wave of his wand, he cancelled the spell on his robes turning them back in the original battle gear. From his suitcase he grabbed an extra pair battle robes enlarging it so it could fit his teacher. "You can borrow these. They'll make movement easier."Sirius thanked the child and went to change. Yrrah went to the training room, going back to his original combat training this time with magic. Blasting a doll in pieces when he felt Hermione's distress over the mind link. She was quickly telling him that she was alright and wanted to be alone. The two boys honored her request but Yrrah only got more vicious to the poor practice dummies.It took a few rounds before Yrrah sat down exhausted on the sofa. Sirius sat down across of him just as tired. With the use of his wand accioed Yrrah two butter beer from his fridge and two pepper-up potions from his stock, one of each were passed to the professor without a word."Thank you." Mumbled Sirius, throwing the vial back and slowly sipping his beer. "You weren't kidding when you told me you could protect yourself. You've been holding back on me, Yrrah. Who was your teacher?""I've been taught by my family with the help of a warrior." explained Yrrah, pulling out his sword and showing it to his professor. He was proud of his weapon. His name engraved just beneath the hilt and its hilt is set with small sized rubies, red, blue, green and yellow. The gemstones were to symbolize his family's houses. "They were worried my biological father would try…""MY PRINCE." A voice boomed through the room, making Yrrah frown and Sirius choke in his drink. " A TROLL HAS BEEN BROUGHT INTO OUR HALLS. IT'S THREATENING THE LIFE OF THE YOUNG LADY."Yrrah had already shot out of his seat, running through the door, the same moment Hermione called for help through their bond. With a small tracking spell, he found her location. "Second floor, ladies' room!" yelled Yrrah over his shoulder to the professor following him. Over the mind link, he ordered Neville to retreat to the quarters and prepare dinner and potions. The young wizard had not enough experience to face a troll.Using the air surrounding him to push him and go faster, Yrrah raced through the halls. Without any second thought he burst into the lady's room.The troll towered over one of his best friends, his club ready to attack. It towered a little over thirteen feet. It had grey skin, a lumpy body, and flat horny feet. Yrrah scrunched up his nose, the troll exudes a powerfully awful smell. A mixture of old socks from his father and his uncle's potions lab after a failed experiment.Hermione's scream pulled Yrrah from his shock. A plan… he needed a plan… trolls don't have any brains so speaking was out. His sword wouldn't go through the thick skin without magic and the room was too small to unleash his magic. Wait, he has an idea."ACCIO HERMOINE!" Yrrah held out his wand. The girl slid over the floor towards him and he took a protective stance over her. With his left hand he sends healing powers into Hermione to heal any injuries she may have; she wouldn't feel due to shock. With his right hand, he pointed his wand at the troll sending water, ice and rocks towards the huge creature."Hermione, if you can I want you to slowly walk out that door." Yrrah ordered while keeping his eyes on the troll. "I've been training almost non-stop since this morning and I don't know if I can hold him much longer without showing my other gifts."She backed up slowly only to be pulled out by Sirius who started sending curses too. "Go Yrrah!" yelled Sirius. "Leave."But the young warrior had a plan. A rock had managed to cut through the thick skin, noticeable by the blood slowly seeping down it's arm. Using almost all his power, Yrrah send a stunner right at the open cut. Both Yrrah and the troll fell on their knees and Black just barely managed to pull Yrrah away just before the troll crashed where Yrrah had been mere seconds ago.This was how the teachers found them. The sinks broken and spraining water everywhere. The troll on the ground unmoving and Sirius holding a barely conscious Yrrah on his lap, with a shaking Hermione next to the group."O my." McGonagall hurried over to the two wizards on the ground, placing a comforting arm around Hermione. "What happened here?""The castle warned Yrrah that a girl was in danger because off the troll." Sirius quickly explained. "Yrrah somehow knew where he had to be and ran all the way here. He was too fast; I couldn't keep up. When I arrived, Miss Granger was slowly backing out the door and Yrrah was fighting the troll. Minnie, he stunned the troll. He stunned a full-grown mountain troll after a full day of training.""I can hear you, *yawn* you know?" Yrrah said, struggling to leave Sirius arms but he found himself too weak. He laid back and looked up. "Professor Black, I think *yawn* it's time for me to retire *yawn* for the night. If you were so kind *yawn* to let me go.*yawn*" Yawned Yrrah.`"Hush child." Sirius rose up with Yrrah still in his arms. "You did a really brave and stupid thing today.""I'm not a *yawn* child." Protested Yrrah, his head turning to rest against his professor's firm chest. "You don't *yawn* need to carry me.""Hmm." Hummed Sirius as he changed his grip on Yrrah so that the eleven-year-old boy lying in the bridal hold and walked out, pushing past Quirrell who was pale leaning against the doorframe. "You just close your eyes Yrrah. Miss Granger, I think that the hospital wing awaits us.""I'm fine professor." Said Hermione a bit shaky, but who wouldn't be after a troll tried to smash your brains in. "Yrrah came just in time. And he has his potions in his room. Yrrah doesn't trust Britain medicine, even less than he trusts…" she cut herself of, but the teacher knew what she wanted to say."Even less than he trust us." Finished Sirius, with a sigh he changed his hold, placing Yrrah on his hip as he would carry a child. With this hold he could run a hand through the boy's blond-brown looks before he started to rub the boys back."I'm sorry sir." mumbled Hermione softly. "That wasn't a nice thing to say.""But true none the less." Said Sirius sadly. "I'm worried about that Miss Granger. Even more after today.""You've seen him fight." It wasn't a question and Hermione knew what it looked like when Yrrah let go of his magic. "It's very different from your friendly duels, it scared me the first few times too. Yrrah had told us that you joined him this afternoon, so we wouldn't be surprised.""When did he do that?" asked Sirius surprised."Oh, I thought the teachers knew by now. We have a way to communicate with each other without words." Hermione explained proudly. "Y is a bit overprotective over Nev and me. So that way we can tell each other when we're in danger or when we need to tell someone something private. It's a good thing we can, or I might have died in that bathroom.""You three are exceptionally close." Remarked Sirius. "For people who just met two months ago.""I don't know, are we?" Hermione frowned. Yrrah felt more than saw their professor nod. "None of us had any friends before we met. I was bullied, Nev grew up between pureblood kids who believed him to be a squib and Y never had children around him while he was in training. We don't know what is normal…"They had arrived at the quarters. Hermione pressed her hand against the wall and the door appeared. Sirius carried Yrrah in."Hermione! Are you okay?! What happened to Yrrah?!" Neville had been pacing since he completed the tasks Yrrah had given him, worried for his friends even if he knew from Hermione that they were okay. He had to see them with his own eyes."They are both fine Mister Longbottom." Sirius tried to reassure. "Yrrah got to Miss Granger in time but has become magically exhausted, which is understandable after training the whole day and fighting a mountain troll. His still fighting sleep but won't hold on for longer."Hermione went ahead and opened the door to Yrrah's room. "I'll get the potions, Nev can you?" there was slight hesitation in her voice."I'll do the weapons." Neville nodded. Hermione smiled gratefully and disappeared again.Sirius paced the young prince on the bed and Neville started to remove Yrrah's armor and weapons surprising their professor with the many object hidden on such a small boy. Yrrah looked at him with small tired eyes barely helping. Pulling an elven pajama from the closet, Neville helped Yrrah change into it while Sirius held the warrior upright."May I come in?" asked Hermione."Yes, he's decent." Neville said back.The girl walked in with a few vials. "Y, can you drink this for me?" Hermione gave a shy smile when Yrrah met her eyes. With Sirius still holding him up, Yrrah drowned his magic potion, a magical repair potion and a pepper up.The green eyes turned blue and the darking hair became lighter blond again. Eyes closed and his breathing event out. Yrrah never noticed the professor lowering him down and tucking the boy in. He probably imagined the kiss Hermione placed on his cheek.Thank you to Geekymom, RexHeros, Guest and Tymaxion for leaving a review 😊I am not planning on bashing Dumbledore as evil, more as someone who believes who knows what's best and worried about changes.Stay safe everyone!

Disclaimer; I don't own Harry Potter.As Flora mentioned in her original story; the pronouncing of Yrrah, in Dutch, is different than the English version. As said before English isn't my first language and I never considered the different pronunciation in English. The English I, is the same sound as the Dutch Y, (but then again, the English A, sounds like a E in Dutch, so there is some difference in the language). Both the original writer Flora1309 and I believe it would be pronounced 'I-rah'.Yrrah didn't completely lost his disguise after the troll. His hair went a few shades darker and his eye went green, but Yrrah's eyes were almost closed due to being exhausted and the eyes are a bit brighter than Lily's due to his enlarged magical core or something. The rest of his face was still 'Yrrah/Godric'.Finally, the next chapterSirius stopped in the doorpost and turned to look at the young student. Yrrah's breathing was steady and while Yrrah's face was pale, it wasn't gray anymore. After a moment, Sirius nodded to himself and turned."I've prepared some dinner." whispered Neville as Sirius closed the door of Yrrah's room. "Since neither of you ate yet." Young Longbottom lifted a plate from the oven to dish it out. He placed it on the table to dish it out."I'm not hungry." Hermione shrugged. She was still standing in the middle of the room, arms around her waist and looking a little lost.Sirius watched as the Longbottom heir wrapped an arm around the girl's shoulders guiding her to the dinner table. "You need to eat something 'Mione. I'm sure you don't feel like eating now but you need it."With a sigh took the girl place at the table, crossing her arms on top of it and hiding her face in the crook of her arm. Sirius hesitantly took a seat next to his student. He couldn't leave yet, not until he was certain Miss Granger was going to be okay. Shock was a nasty thing, this wasn't the first time Sirius saw someone with shock but it was the first time it was a child. The Marauder blinked surprised when two bowls of soup were placed on the table next to the casserole."It's my fault, if I hadn't been in that bathroom…" Hermione looked up at her second friend she ever made during their mental conversation. "Black pull him away just in time, Yrrah would have died if the troll crashed on top of him.""Hermione, listen to me." Neville placed his hand on her right one as he took a seat across of her. "You're not to blame. I don't blame you and we both know that Yrrah loves you too much to blame you. If you want to blame someone, blame Weasley, his insults placed you in that bathroom. Or blame Yrrah's biological family for trying to kill him ten years ago, Yrrah wouldn't be tired if he hadn't trained all his emotions away, he would be able to defeat the troll with just a wave of his hand. Or blame me for not staying with you and going to the feast.""I would never blame you. I told you to go." Hermione stated passionatly.Neville squeezed her hand before letting go. "And we don't blame you.""That is really annoying." Exclaimed Sirius. The two kids turned to the professor. "You two look like you're having a conversation without even opening your mouth.""Hermione is blaming herself for Yrrah's condition." Explained Neville, answering and not answering Sirius question. "I had to convince her that she was wrong.""Why would you blame yourself, Miss Granger?" asked Sirius surprised."Since you use Yrrah's first name, you could use ours too when we're in our room." Hermione shrugged. "And if I hadn't been in the bathroom, Yrrah didn't need to come save me. That means he wouldn't have gotten hurt.""The castle somehow warned Yrrah that the troll was running loose." mentioned Sirius, still not understanding how an castle can speak to an eleven year old. "He would have gone after the troll even if you hadn't been in danger. That doesn't explain why were you in that bathroom and not at the feast?""She tried to help Ron during transfiguration." Neville rolled his eyes as he steered his soup. "Not that he deserved any help. We had been paired up by Professor McGonagall, the highest scoring student with the lowest. Ron has been the lowest scoring student and Mione and Y sharing the highest. With Y skipping class, Hermione got paired with Weasley. Ron couldn't deal with a girl trying to explain things to him, or maybe because it was one of us, I don't know…" He looked at Hermione who shrugged. Neville continued; "and after potions he loudly told the other Gryffindor's that Yrrah and I only hang out with Hermione because we feel sorry for her and then said some mean words about her."A combination of annoyance and anger rushed through Sirius. The last staff meeting they had agreed to keep an eye on the first years. They saw a division, which usually occurred between the houses, however now next to the houses, there was the group surrounding Yrrah. There was a clear issue between those student with the group and those outside. Especially since the students surrounding Yrrah were some of the most of the gifted, always the first to get the spell right, first to answer the questions. The teachers had discussed keeping a close eye on the situation, fearing that it might get out of hand. And apparently it did. "You didn't believe him, did you?" asked Sirius, trying to look Hermione in her eyes.Hermione's mouth corners twist in a small smile. "Didn't have the time to question the reason why they are friends with me. Y and Nev immediately reassured me I was being foolish. I believe that Yrrah decided to blow up a doll in anger.""Oh." Sirius grimaced, one particular explosion came to mind. Yrrah had stopped firing for a second before an angry look came on his young face and a globe of pure energy came from his hands, obliterating the doll. "I think I may remember that particular doll."Neville grinned. "Friends are important to all three of us. If I hadn't followed Hermione to make sure she is okay. I think I probably ended up cursing Ron. Or maybe testing if Ron knows any physical fighting.""As a teacher, I shouldn't approve of that kind of behavior." Commented Sirius, the corner of his mouth twitching while fighting his smile. "But I don't think that I have the right to say anything since I can barely keep my temper myself. I had some anger issues while I was in school but I got a little better in staying calm. Ron reminds me of someone in my year, Slytherin, always talking down on everyone and thinking that he was so great. He used some nasty words aimed Lily who had just starting dating James. We weren't saints back then, far from that, but we never used dangerous hexes he would aim at us when we were alone, especially when someone back is turned. He became death eater after Hogwarts, however he turned to the light side. I was forced to work with him and have to admit we have been decent to each other. Still don't like the greasy man. I'm the reason his nose is crocked.""You broke professor Snape's nose?" concluded Hermione, catching on rather quickly who Sirius was talking about."He probably deserved it." grinned Neville, who had grown up listening to James' stories about the marauders and their rivalry with the Slytherins.Sirius nodded. "He did." Yawned the professor. He stretched his arms above his head, eyeing the couch."Sirius," Neville said hesitantly. "From what I've heard, you saw Yrrah use some of his powers that he was trying to keep a secret. You won't tell, will you?""No." Yawned Sirius again. "I won´t tell about the water. Or the mind link you three have."The two shared another look to Sirius' annoyance before Neville turned to him. "Yrrah had planned a movie night tonight after the feast. He had asked if we would mind if you stayed the night. Even though we won't have our movie night, there is a blanket and pillow waiting on the couch. If you like, you could spend the night here?" suggested the boy with a shy smile. "I'm sure that today was almost as exhausting for you as it was for Y."Briefly wondered Sirius if it would be appropriate to stay the night with students, but then thought that it would be a smart move to stay in case Yrrah or Hermione needed some assistance after the trauma they both went through. "Thanks, I'll take it."They wished each other good night and retired to their rooms. Sirius dimmed the lights as he curled up under the blanket. Going to sleep with a small smile on his face for the first time in ten years.***HP***When Yrrah woke up that Friday morning, he found his magical core still exhausted. There would be no spell casting today, he decided as pulled on his training outfit. Magical exhaustion shouldn´t be taken lightly. Especially at his age when the core was still growing.He was surprised to hear snores from the couch, and even more surprised to find Sirius sleeping there. However, thinking aboutQuietly, he slipped in the training room which had changed in an obstacle course. Monkey bars, high walls and low wires were only part of it. And for now, it was all physical, no magic.Yrrah started his warming up when his two friends joined him, groaning at the sight of the room. "Really?" asked Neville, "Can´t we just meditate like we did in the beginning of the year. It's way too early for this and too much excitement last night.""Meditating is something you two can do yourself now in your free time." Said Yrrah stretching his arms. "And besides, this will be fun.""Are you okay Yrrah? After last night…" Hermione asked worried.Yrrah nodded. "Just a slight magical exhaustion so I won´t be casting any spells today and to be on the safe side, the weekend neither. And 'Mione, I want you to believe me when I say, I don´t blame you." The girl blushed and looked down. "So, shall we start?"After running the course a few times, the two friends watched Yrrah going for his forth. "I have to admit that I actually liked it." Whispered Hermione, kneading her sore leg muscles."Me too." Admitted Neville in a hushed tone. "But don't tell him."Yrrah finished his run and they went to their separate bathrooms to shower and prepare for their day. Their bags strapped on their backs and the school uniforms on, Yrrah couldn't hide the swords because of the state of his magical core so the only weapons were the daggers on their left legs. Both Neville and Hermione started to carry their daggers and swords when Yrrah was sure that they wouldn't accidently cut of someone's head. Even though they only wore them for a week and a half, they too felt naked without the slight weight on her back.They were ready to go to breakfast when they found one slight problem, in the form of a snoring professor on the couch."Sooo, any ideas?" Yrrah asked.Hermione frowned. "We can't leave him here." She said. "What if he hurts himself in the training room or finds our research to the ten powers and Voldemort in the library?""I have an idea." Grinned Neville, the others smiled too when they saw the plan in Neville's thoughts and Hermione presented him the charm. "Everyone be ready to run." Standing at the door, Neville pointed his wand at the sleeping Sirius. "Aguamenti!"A burst of ice water appeared from thin air.Sirius screamed, very masculine thank you very much, and jumped on his feet. He glared at the laughing trio and growled. "I'll get you three for this!" he warned.The chase began.***HP***Just like every morning the great hall was still almost completely empty when the trio ran into the hall. McGonagall couldn't help but smile when her three cubs ran in, with a panting and wet Sirius behind them."Why is he soaking wet?" questioned Flitwick softly just when Sirius dropped dramatically on the floor. The Longbottom heir and the Granger girl both waved their wands and Sirius stood on his feet again, dry and clean."I give up." Sirius moaned. "I'm tired and still sore from yesterday. I want to go back to that warm comfy couch and sleep.""We've been up since five." Yrrah announced while passing a potion's vial to his professor."And you still didn't catch us." Mocked Neville placing his wand back in its holster.When she noticed that the professor was eyeing the vial warily, Hermione explained. "Pepper-up brewed by our personal potions master. Completely safe, we used to take it to handle morning training and classes without crashing before lunch.""Oh, thanks." Sirius sniffed the vial before drowning it. "That will do it." He stated as steam came from his ears."You weren't this mistrusting yesterday." Yrrah sat down blinking a bit tired, his magic not helping restore his energy levels. Especially with the different magical air compared to Myth would mean recovery would take a lot slower. He was dreading the weekend."You were acting like my friend yesterday, today you're my student again." said Sirius, "Wait, five? Who trains at that ungodly hour?""We do." Offered Neville before sitting down next to Yrrah, his hand resting on Yrrah's back. Again, there was that silent conversation that annoyed Sirius which ended with a nod from Yrrah. Hermione frowned before kneeling and resting her hand on Yrrah's knee."Uh, are you all right?" Sirius asked careful.Yrrah looked up, and gave a small tired smile. "Just hungry and slightly tired. I'll be fine after my magical exhaustion is over.""If you're sure. Just come to me when you need anything, like a note to skip classes for some rest." Said the professor and after one more worried look he went to the head table."How is Pendragon?" McGonagall asked when Sirius sat down next to her. "Poppy don't find any patients last night even though I'm sure that Pendragon and Granger both should have been there.""Hermione didn't have a scratch on her and Yrrah was just tired." Said Sirius. "I spend the night in their quarters after tucking the boy in to be sure that nothing was wrong with him. Yrrah didn't want to go to the hospital wing and I didn't want to break the little trust I have.""So, it's Yrrah and Hermione now he?" smirked Flitwick. "What happened exactly in that room?"Sirius eyes shined when he smiled. "Yes, they let me call me by their first names outside class. And Yrrah somehow managed to stun the troll. I don't understand and I didn't dare to ask. He will tell me when he wants me to know. That boy has so many secrets, and he won't let them go unless he wants them.""You got my lions next class, right?" Minerva asked. "I would feel a lot better if you would send the two to the hospital wing before class for a complete check-up? Say it as an option not as a demand.""You talk to him." waved Sirius as he lowered his head in his head almost nodding off. "I'm not going anywhere near that wing, she might keep me there like she did when I was a student.""Coward." Minerva rose and walked towards the Gryffindor table leaving the tired professor behind her.After a discussion, Yrrah and Hermione followed their professor to the hospital wing after breakfast, followed by Neville. The professor first refused to allow the Longbottom heir to come along but since the two others refused to go without the third member of the group, she allowed Neville to go with them.Madam Pomphrey wasn´t surprised by the two students brought by her friend and colleague. After the slight scowling that the two hadn't come directly to her after the attack, she ran a diagnostic scan over the two of them and let Hermione go with a clean bill of health. She gave Yrrah a note that told the teachers that he wasn't allowed to use any magic for a week so his core could recharge. Yrrah accepted the woman's decision but knew that if he felt his magic was strong enough that he would resume training.Yrrah send a quick note to Lily to tell her what happened, while the warrior was sure Dumbledore would cover it up, this reporter Rita somehow had sources everywhere and if it ended up in the paper he didn´t want the Potters to find out that way.Sirius welcomed them in his class, telling the trio to sit down. Padma and Terry had left three places for them and were quickly in asking if the rumors were true. Hermione and Neville saw that Yrrah didn't appreciate the attention he was getting so they started to explain what happened. This let to them losing five points from Gryffindor and Ravenclaw for talking during class. Afterwards when the trio came to Sirius to reassure the professor that the school healer had cleared them, Sirius awarded both houses the points back. His explanation was that he couldn´t been seen favoring but he understood that the Ravenclaw were curious.During charms Daphne and Tracy asked about the troll and again Yrrah's two best friends were in charge of explaining what happened while Yrrah was resting his head on his arms in annoyance. The whispers were back in the hallways, rumors became blown out of proportion and on their way to lunch the group heard two second year Hufflepuff's say that Yrrah killed the mountain troll with his bare hands without using any kind of magic only because the troll threated Hermione's life.By the time they had filled their plates at the Gryffindor table Yrrah was banging his head against the table. Susan grinned as he dropped next to the prince "Well, by the look of our Yrrah trying to smash his head into the table I would say the rumors might not completely be true. Want to clear things up for us?"The twins joined the group first years as did Cedric. Again, Hermione told exactly what happened.Before the girl was finished, Dumbledore rose his feet. "Students, there are stories going around about what happened last night. I want to clear the air by making sure everyone has the right story. Last night a troll managed to escape the forbidden forest and broke into our beloved school."The twins frowned and leaned closer to the group. "We've been to the forest.""A thousand times.""And we never saw.""Something even remotely close to a troll." finished the duo, Yrrah nodded, something didn't sound right."Professor Black was speaking with Mr. Pendragon about a personal matter surrounding Mr. Pendragon's up bring when the portraits warned them about a student in danger. They located Miss Granger and both tried to gain the upper hand. Mr. Pendragon was lucky to hit the weak spot the troll appeared to have and stunned the troll. While this has never been done before, we believe that it was luck that brought the troll down. For his courage and willingness to aid a student in need I award Gryffindor twenty points."Everyone started talking at the same time, looking at the young prince surrounded by his friends. Yrrah started banging his head again and Cedric quickly cast a cushioning charm on the table. "I need those brains for potions this afternoon."The hall turned silent when two separate owls made their way to the head table with red envelopes. Dumbledore looked surprised as the birds landed in front of him. Yrrah figured that the headmaster normally had post redirecting wards like him otherwise the man would be buried in post every day.The moment someone touched one envelope it opened."ALBUS PERCIVAL WULFRIC BRIAN DUMBLEDORE!" Neville winced at the loud voice of his grandmother sounding trough the great hall. "A TROLL IN THE SCHOOL! YOU'LL FIND OUT WHY THE WARDS FAILED OR I'LL MAKE SURE YOU KNOW WHY NOBODY MESSES WITH HOUSE LONGBOTTOM! TWO OF MY GRANDSON'S BEST FRIENDS COULD HAVE DIED LAST NIGHT! THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE! AND YOU, NEVILLE FRANK LONGBOTTOM! YOU DIDN'T EVEN FIND ME THE TIME TO WRITE YOUR GRANDMOTHER TO INFORM HER THAT WHILE YOUR FRIENDS HAD BEEN IN DANGER THEY ARE NOW ALRIGHT? I HAD TO FIND OUT THROUGH AMILIA BONES AND LILY POTTER! WHEN YOU GET HOME, YOU HAVE MUCH TO ANSWER FOR!"The table looked with sympathy at the wincing boy."Sorry Nev." Susan whispered. "I wrote my aunty this morning before breakfast. I thought you would have written home too.""I forgot." Moaned Neville. "With the hospital wing and classes. It slipped my mind. Ooh I'm in so much trouble."Everyone jumped when another voice boomed through the hall. "ALBUS PERCIVAL WULFRIC BRIAN DUMBLEDORE!" Sirius looked up surprised. "I ALREADY LOST A SON, DON'T MAKE ME LOSE MY GODSON'S BROTHER. HOGWARTS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SAFE AND WHAT LETTER DID I RECEIVE THIS MORNING? YOU BETTER HAVE A GREAT EXPLONATION AS WHY YRRAH WAS EVEN WITHIN TWO HUNDERD FEET FROM A TROLL MUCH LESS FIGHTING IT! WE'RE COMING BACK TO BRITAIN TO MAKE SURE YRRAH AND NEVILLE ARE OKAY AFTER SUCH ORDEAL. JAMES WILL BE WAITING AT THE MAIN GATE AT EIGHT O'CLOCK TO PICK THE CHILDREN UP FOR THE WEEKEND. AUGUSTA HAS SIGNED HER APPROVAL AND YRRAH WILL SIGN FOR HERMIONE GRANGER AS HER MAGICAL GARDIAN. IF MY HUSBAND HASN'T RETURNED BY A QUARTER PAST EIGHT WITH THOSE THREE I WON'T BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MY ACTIONS!" the voice became suddenly calmer. "Yrrah dear. If you would be so kind to pack for three nights. I'll make sure you'll be back in time for Monday morning classes. The same for you two Neville and Miss. Granger. Neville, your grandmother will join us and I'll be contacting your parents Miss. Granger. And please call us Lily and James." The voice rose again. "YOU'VE BEEN WARNED ALBUS!" before the letter destroyed itself."Well." Terry frowned. "You better pack your bags now before the two of you have flying class and afterwards we have potions. Early dinner tonight?"Hannah nodded. "We won't want to miss potions tutoring because our tutor had to play hero and got rewarded with a weekend home.""That's all you are worried about?" Cedric raised an eyebrow. "Two very scary, and from what I heard powerful, ladies just send howlers to one of the most powerful wizard alive and treated him. One of them will be kidnapping three of our friends, and you're worried about your potions tutoring.""Yeah pretty much." Shrugged one of the twins.The other half smiled. "We need to keep the dungeon bat happy."***HP***A quarter before eight walked Lord James Charlus Potter trough the main doors. He was dressed in black robes with his hair going every direction. What surprised many was the wand in his hand as if he suspected to be attacked at any moment.His brown eyes scanned the crowed until they settled on a blue eyed first year. "Yrrah." He sighed as he kneeled before the boy. He quickly looked for any signs of an injury and brushed the brown hairs away from the twinkling blue eyes. When he was sure the child was unharmed, James smiled and pulled him in a hug. "I'm glad you're all right.""It takes more than a full-grown mountain troll to keep me down." Beamed Yrrah, Neville immediately pulled a wandless privacy ward up. The names of his friends hadn't made the paper yet and they wanted to keep it that way. "James, this is Lady Hermione Jane Granger Ravenclaw, scion to the ancient and most noble house Ravenclaw." There was no surprise on James face since Yrrah had informed Lily about the adoption."Greetings Lady Ravenclaw." James rose as he spoke. "May I introduce myself? Lord James Charlus Potter, Head of the Ancient and Noble House Potter, Earl of Cornwall. But you can call me James.""Hi Uncle James." Neville hugged the man before he added cheeky. "Just call me Neville.""Hermione." Said the girl with a shy smile."Prongs…" an uncertain voice said. Hermione let the wards drop with a wave of her wand, the group turned around to see Professor Black standing there."Hey mutt." James rubbed his neck uncomfortable. "I hear you've been a good teacher from Yrrah.""He's kicking my ass for a few weeks now." mentioned Sirius with the same air of unease around him. "Yrrah is a master dueler, much like Moony was."Lord Potter snorted a laugh. "Yeah I remember. Moony could beat the two of us together with his eyes closed and one arm behind his back." He looked up to his oldest friend. "How have you been holding up Siri? Yrrah mentioned something about you joining him for Halloween.""I miss him." whispered Sirius, his voice heavy with emotion. "I miss you two, I miss Remy, I miss the old times we just goofed off. But most of all I miss Harry. Do you find any leads on him or the rat?""We were following a trail when we got Yrrah's letter." Admitted James, wrapping an arm around Yrrah's shoulder and pulling him close. "Lil didn't give it any second thought and demanded we would return to England immediately. Something about a mother's intuition that told her that the children needed family around them.""They deserve a break." Nodded Sirius. "Will I see you again?""Maybe Paddy." James looked pained. "I don't know, Lily comes first and one friend already betrayed us. I would have given my life for Peter and he took Harry. I can't risk Lily's safety by trusting the wrong person again.""I… I understand." The pain was clear in the grey eyes of their professor. "But know James that I would never betray you. Never. And I'll never give up hope that my godson is somewhere out there waiting for us to find him. We'll find him Prongs.""I pray you're right paddy." After one last look turned the Potter lord around softly guiding the three children from the door.In a spur of the moment, Yrrah shook James's arm off and ran back to hug his professor. "Don't forget to practice this weekend. Maybe if you train hard enough I'll let you win next time."Sirius, was shocked but quickly recovered and wrapped his arms around the smaller boy. "Let me win?" smiled the marauder. "I'll be working on my strategy the whole weekend and will finally beat you all by myself.""Dream on." Yrrah smiled back. He quickly waved to his friends who were remaining at Hogwarts. "See you guys Monday." Before running back to the patiently waiting James.Sirius stood at the door until his three favorite students and James crossed the wards and disappeared. The Weasley twins stood with him."You get used to the magic around Y." Fred stated with a thought."Don't worry George." Said George, saying his own name on purpose. "Those three are back before you know it.""I can't help but worry." Admitted Fred. "I've seen them practice. What are they preparing for?""We'll find out when they are ready to tell us.""Until then we'll stand with them, train for whatever they need to train for.""Would you fight for someone you barely know?" questioned Sirius surprised."You wouldn't?" the twins said together."I would." Admitted Sirius. "With my dying breath.""But now on 'Sirius' business." Fred looked at his professor."Paddy? That wouldn't be Padfoot to get along with Prongs?" George looked with admiration up to his professor while presenting an old piece of parchment that looked very familiar to Sirius"Because that would mean we have a lot to discuss." Fred said."I have butterbeer in my room." Sirius offered sly leading the two boys to his office.Somewhere in the dungeons a cold chill ran through Severus and Minerva.***HP***When the portkey stopped, only Neville remained on his feet. James, while he travelled a lot with magical transportation had absolute no balance, Yrrah and Hermione weren't used to portkeys and cursed their 'friend' for not telling them how you look graceful while handling a portkey.They were in a large entrance hall, with wizard paintings decorating the walls and a high ceiling."Welcome to Potter Manor." Said Prongs from his place on the ground. At the sound of his voice a group people entered the hall.Lily was quick in picking Yrrah up and hugging him close. Hermione was pulled in an embrace by her parents and Neville rushed to his grandmother's arms.Questions were asked and Hermione again told her side of the story with Neville telling how they arrived. Yrrah was content with sitting on the couch near the fire, ignoring the looks the grown-ups send him."Shall we go to the cinema?" Lily suddenly asked, feeling the unease Yrrah was radiating. "It's not that late and if we hurry we can still catch a movie.""Movie?" Lady Longbottom frowned. "What's a movie, my dear?""It's amazing grandma." Said Neville. "It's a bit like a wizard painting but with a story. Muggles appear on a white screen and play out a tale. Some are a bit boring but most are amazing."Dan took out his phone to check the times. "There is one with one of Hermione's favorite actors, it starts in an hour.""A movie about Hogwarts a History staring our professors?" asked Yrrah, earning a slap against the back of his head. "Ow, you said it was one of your favorites." The prince said rubbing the back of his head."No, my absolute favorite actor is without doubt Robin Williams," the girl stated, "And I'm pretty sure that while he is magical, he is not a wizard. What movie is it dad?""Jumanji."***HP***The next morning when the adults entered the kitchen, the three friends had already finished their morning run around the mansion, showered and dressed an hour ago. Neville was listening to the Potter elf who was teaching the young master how to prepare waffles, the pureblood while being a disaster in potions was at his place in the kitchen. The kitchen in their quarters was often used by the Longbottom heir."Please sit." Neville grinned, he was pushed out of the kitchen by his chef because 'Young master should not be bringing foots to other masters. Young master should eat.' "Breakfast is ready in a sec."Lily was talking with Emma and Dan about being a muggleborn in Hogwarts while Lady Longbottom was speaking as a member of the board of Governors at Hogwarts about the school's opinion.James, quickly bored by the serious conversation, turned to the other two young Gryffindor's sitting at the table.Hermione and Yrrah were surrounded by books, not much of a surprise. They were discussing magical history, especially the Arthurian legends and the founders time. James was confused when he noticed a book with scribbles, unreadable lines. Looking at the cover, there was a snake on the cover with the name Slytherin engraved on it."Is that parseltongue? Where did you get these?" Lord Potter wanted to grab the book to see it better but the moment he touched it disappeared. "Where did they go?""Back to the library." stated Hermione, not really surprised as she turned the page of her 'muggle' Arthurian legends.The commotion had gotten the attention of the others, who looked curious as James frowned. "Those books did definitely not come from the Potter library. Parseltongue is dark, how did you get these books.""They didn't come from your library." Explained Neville. "They come from Yrrah's."Everyone turned to the young prince who was still bowed over the fantasy books. Yrrah merely shrugged, not looking up. "I have an enchanted suitcase that is connected with my mother's library. Otherwise known as the library of Ravenclaw."Lily and Augusta gasped. Hermione was quickly in explaining to her confused parents. "The library of Ravenclaw has been believed to be lost in time. It's actually safely hidden at Yrrah's home." The girl clarified. "The library is enchanted to get a copy of every book that has been published. That's how I get the muggle books I've been reading, I place my hand on the library symbol and think of the novel I want to read. Sometimes I just place my hand on it and think of a writer I like and every book written under his or her name will appear in the suitcase. It's wonderful.""But that didn't answer my question why two first years are looking into something so dark." James huffed, while he didn't doubt that Yrrah spoke the truth, it just added something more to the mystery surrounding the prince."Parseltongue is not a sign of a dark wizard, they actually have a very strong connection with mother magic." Yrrah finally looked up, he didn't look angry, just a little annoyed. "My uncle is a parseltongue. Salazar Slytherin was one but most of the stories I heard of him are lies.""Yrrah is the current Lord Slytherin." Neville said opening the book. "Actually, he is the lord of all the Hogwarts' houses. I've read Gryffindor's diary after Yrrah made me Gryffindor's heir. Godric and Salazar were as close as brothers. Salazar just didn't want to raise children, only teach them.""You have the founders diaries?" Lily asked with wide eyes. "that's impossible. I never heard of those existing.""Just like I believed that Magic didn't exist?" asked Hermione. "Something isn't real until it is found to be true.""There was never a reason to return to England to set the record straight surrounding my families history." Explained Yrrah. "People with believe what they want to believe, but trust me when I say that Salazar was not a muggleborn hating dark wizard. And because one dark lord can talk to snakes does not mean that all the people who talk to snakes are evil.""Are you planning on releasing those diaries to the public." Asked Lady Longbottom curious. "I know that you said that there was never a reason to return to England but you're here now and I would love to read these.""I want to speak with the goblins about it, but you may off course borrow the diaries whenever you want" Yrrah stated. "Ragnok will be expecting me for a visit soon any way. He wanted to introduce me to the man who's been going through my mail.""And uhh, after that I thought that maybe we could visit a muggle amusement park." Lily mentioned hesitantly. "I promised James that I would introduce him to rollercoasters. There is an international portkey leaving for Disneyland Paris around eleven.""DISNEY?" Hermione said excided, Yrrah and the two Longbottom's only looked confused. Hermione was quick in informing the boys on what will wait for them that afternoon. The Granger parents had to leave for their Saturday work day and Lady Longbottom excused herself. An entire day with three enthusiastic youngsters wasn't something her old bones could handle.Yrrah smiled at his enthusiastic friend who was rattling about the different rollercoasters they were going to ride. After checking the time, he noticed that he had enough time to go to the bank before leaving for disney "I'll make my business quick then.""I'll take you Yrrah." James offered. "I need to exchange some galleons for muggle currency anyway.""Thank you." Said Yrrah. "I'm ready when you are."James took the boy's hand and they apparated from out the Potter house with a quick 'we'll be back soon'. They arrived a second later at the apparition point in the leaky cauldron. James pulled the cape over his head and kneeled before Yrrah doing the same for the young prince. "Yrrah, if we don't want our visit on the front page we need to hide our faces. Just hold my hand and I'll guide you.""Okay." Yrrah said, he couldn't use magic other than his changed appearance with his weak core and he hadn't brought his sword along, since he couldn't hide it with magic. Magical exhaustion was annoying.Holding the hand of Lord Potter, Yrrah allowed himself to be dragged through the crowded street. The moment they entered the bank, Yrrah confidently walked towards Ragnok's office. James curiously followed.Yrrah knocked on the door waiting for the word to enter."My prince." Ragnok looked up from his paperwork. "And you brought a guest. Lord Potter, a pleasure to meet you.""King Ragnok." James said with a bow of his head. "The honor is all mine.""Oh, Yrrah you really pick out the politest friends." Said Ragnok. "Lord Potter, a friend of Yrrah is a friend of mine. Please lose the formalities, call me Ragnok.""Then I'll ask you to return the favor, call me James." Offered James.Yrrah had dropped on one of the chairs diving right in the meaning of his visit. "Ragnok, did you hear about the stories surrounding my family and especially my Uncle's history?""I can't say I have Yrrah." Answered the goblin king surprised. "We goblin have our own History surrounding the founders as you are well aware off. Is it different from the human history?"Yrrah was clear in explaining about the stories surrounding Salazar Slytherin and how he wanted to use the diaries to show the real truth."You might want to discuss this with your uncle before you publish these journals." Mentioned Ragnok. "They contain private family issues that they might not want public. And how will you prove that these are the true diaries? As long as you keep certain things a secret?""I will publicly announce my title if that would help." Offered Yrrah."It would but you are still a child." Ragnok smiled. "How about we find out what your family wishes before we do anything drastic." The goblin pulled out a bottle from under his desk he poured two glasses, pushing one to the Potter Lord. "Yrrah do you want me to get something for you or do you magic your own drink?""Yrrah is magical exhausted after stunning a full-grown mountain troll." Warned James, drowning his glass. "Wow this is strong.""A gift from Yrrah, too bad he's too young to enjoy it." The goblin king toasted them before taking a sip. "And did you really stun a troll young warrior? Not as impressive as the fire-wolves but your family will surely be proud, only your teacher Dominic might be slightly disappointed that you used magic instead of a sword.""The skin was too thick and Hermione was about to be smashed by it. Didn't really have the time for any planning." Yrrah said."Fire-wolves?" frowned James. "They're only a myth, aren't they? They're not real?""They have died out here but there are still a few roaming around on the island where Yrrah comes from." Explained Ragnok, "Our young prince managed to run into two when he was eight. He managed to fight one off, armed with a sword. The other wolf was defeated with magic. I believe he still wears the scars." James looked with awe to the small boy sitting next to him. Yrrah pulled up his sleeve to present the tooth prints in his right forearm. Usually he would cover them but for this occasion he decided to show them. "One other thing before you leave Yrrah. I want you to meet someone. It's a bit strange that he works for you but never met you."Ragnok jumped from his chair, leading the two Lord's to an office at the end off the hall. "Mister Lupin? Lord Pendragon is here to see you.""Moony?" James softly whispered.Thank you for mwinter1 and Ariadne Venegas for reviewing. I hope you all liked the changes I made. Only one more chapter to go over from Flora before my own writing will be published. I hope it gets the same positive response as the adopted chapters so far! ShyLily

Disclaimer; I don't own Harry Potter.I'm sorry for the ones hoping for the reveal, you'll just have to wait...Finally, the next chapterThe two man exchanged an awkward hug, both commentating on how old the other had become. It was getting close to the full moon and it showed on the werewolf and James's hair was… well James hair.Yrrah let out a little cough to get the attention from the two. "Moony, this is Yrrah Pendragon." Introduced James. "He's staying with Lily and me for the weekend with two of his friends." James introduced. "Y, this is Moony, he's one of the marauders.""I've heard about the third Marauder," stated Yrrah. "Sirius told me a lot off stories but always called Mr. Lupin, Moony. I'm sorry to say, I hadn't made the connection." Yrrah eyed the man in a new light, which wasn't necessary a good thing. This was another friend that left his professor. According to Sirius, Moony had left for France a few days after Harry's disappearance, not able to handle his pack falling apart."Lord Pendragon." Lupin made a short bow, finally noticing the eleven-year-old. "I'm sorry…""Don't worry about it." Cut Yrrah in. "And please, it's Yrrah.""Remus." Smiled the werewolf. "So how is old Padfoot doing? I heard he's teaching?"Yrrah decided to be blunt. "Sirius could do better. He misses his friends but from what I understand James can't face his best friend and you're out of the country most of the time, so I guess there is nothing that could be done for him, is there?"Both men huxng their heads. "You don't understand…""I may not understand what is going on between you three," argued the young prince. "but Sirius is my friend, just as is Lily and you are, James. So why can't you be friends with each other too? Remus, it was pleasant to meet you, keep up the excellent work. But I must go, Hermione must be anxious awaiting my return. Ragnok, I'll be in touch soon. May I use your office as exit?""I'll bring us to the meeting place." James said placing a hand on Yrrah's shoulder. "Moony, I'm glad you're okay.""Make sure Lills got my love." Remus said looking at the table deep in thought. With Ragnok's permission, James turned on his spot and appeared away, taking a clearly annoyed Yrrah along.Yrrah pulled away from James' hand when the world had stopped spinning and joined his two friends. James looked with pain filled eyes after the young boy, something that Lily noticed, and she walked up to her husband. "Did something happen at Gringotts?" questioned the red head worried as she rubbed his arm."The assistant going through his mail… It's Moony." sighed James. "And Yrrah made it clear that he's not happy with how Sirius was left behind, when Moony asked about Padfoot. I'm glad that Siri found a connection with Yrrah, and it appears that our young prince is protective of his friends. Oh, and I became on first name bases with the goblin king and according to Ragnok, Yrrah's run in with the troll is one of his less dangerous adventures. Apparently, there were fire wolves on Yrrah's island. Two of them."Lily looked over her shoulder to the eleven-year olds, who were lying in the grass with their eyes closed. "He's a mystery."Neville hand touched Yrrah's shoulder and a warming charm was mumbled. Not a spell first year learned or had the magical control for."They all are." James mumbled. "I'm curious to see if they can lay back and be kids today."***HP***While Lord and Lady Potter were talking, Yrrah showed his friends a summarized version of what happened at the bank that morning."Makes me wonder if there is another reason professor Black has been cut off from his friends." Wondered Hermione. "I mean, something else must have happened that all his friends cut contact. And even before he started drinking.""There has to be. Sirius and Lily even said that I'll understand one day." Answered Yrrah. "But until I've been told the reason I see this as one of the highest betrayals. Leaving a friend in need.""So, what do we do now?" questioned Neville. "Are we going to leave it this way?""Lily and James have been really kind to us." Said Hermione. "They deserve the chance.""Sirius doesn't mind it when I tell him about the letters and he's was actually kind of okay with us sleeping over this weekend." Mussed Yrrah, rubbing his face. "I say, we continue our friendship with Lily and James, they are still your godparents Neville. And the Potters, even with their flaws, lost their son to this Voldemort. They must have a good reason.""Agreed." Chorused the other two.In one fluent motion jumped the trio on their feet and walked towards the Potters."These portkeys are activated and will take us straight to magical entrance." Lily showed them tickets. "James managed a portkey back to Diagon Ally and a car will be waiting for us there." A small nod was given by the smiling trio before they accepted the piece of paper. "When you're ready to go, say Disney."Lily disappeared with a soft pop. "Disney." Yrrah said feeling a hook pulling his navel and he too disappeared.Only to end up in a heap on the ground."That's it." Grumbled the young prince, turning his body so he was sitting upright. "I official hate all normal wizard travel magic or whatever. It is horrible."Neville and Lily, the only ones who managed to stay upright, both grabbed an arm to pull him up. James helped Hermione stand up, after pushing himself on his feet."I never got used to it myself." The Lord Potter mumbled. "Flooing is even worse. I always wake a fool out myself.""Worse than this?" Yrrah said unbelieving as they walked around the corner. He remembered the green flames from his shopping trip when he first arrived on Earth, but he didn't think it was worse than this."Hello visitors and welcome to Disney!" a giant mouse, Yrrah recognized as Mickey Mouse from his DVDs, said. "I hope you have a magical day.""Thanks and have a nice day yourself." Said Yrrah, earning strange looks from the Potters. "What?"Hermione nudged him. "You spoke French." She send him."I've been raised being taught several languages." Yrrah explained to the grown-ups. "My mom is a Ravenclaw, so I had to learn from different books from all different languages. And French has a great magic school to consider.""Really?" Lily smiled, linking her arm with James'. "Your mother is a wise woman, speaking other languages is a great skill to have. Now let's see the attractions."James pulled out a map, "This one looks interesting." He pointed, before turning the map around. "Uh, but how do we get there? This doesn't make sense, it doesn't mark your location.""Honey this isn't really a magical park." Lily kissed his cheek and took the map. "Muggles don't have personal maps where your location is noted. Just follow me." They stopped by the first attraction which was a tower of terror. "Well go on, I'm so not going in there."James looked with wide eyes at the building but when he noticed Lily's refusal he turned to his wife. "Do you want me…""Go on honey." Smiled Lily. "Just because I'm a chicken doesn't mean you can't enjoy.""My lady." Yrrah held out his hand to Hermione. "You want to share this ride with me.""O yes my good sir." Grinned the girl before pulling Yrrah along. "But there is a height restriction on these rides. I'm not sure…"With one wave of James wand they had grown a few inches just to reach the required height. "Only for today, and don't tell Lills." After a second he added. "Don't tell anyone, I'm sure your parents won't take this with stride either Hermione, Neville.""Promise." Chorused the children.With their special passes, they could skip the line and enter the ride immediately. There was a small story before they finally went into an elevator. As soon as the bars settled, Hermione grabbed Yrrah's hand. "Don't let go." She squeaked."I'll never let you go." Promised Yrrah, giving the girl a squeeze. Turning to his left he smiled at Neville, who was holding the bar in a death grip. "Here." Yrrah offered a hand, which was gratefully accepted by Neville. "We won't be in any danger as long as we're together." The prince spoke of his power to bring them in safety if needed but the people in hearing distance didn't know that. They only saw three friends, holding onto each other.James, who was almost bouncing in his seat, turned to smile down at them. "Don't worry," comforted the Potter Lord as they rose in the air and Hermione screwed her eyes shut. "I'm sure these things are safe.""Keep them open," advised Neville in a rare moment of bravery. "We can look so far, it's beautiful."At the highest point, they were set loose and fell before rising and falling again.After the ride stopped, they all said they hadn't been afraid but all knew that even James had screamed.Lily frowned at her husband hair when they exit the attraction. "It's even worse than it is after you fly." She tutted pulling a comb from her bag. "You three are next."Yrrah grinned and fixed his hair with magic, making sure the scar was hidden behind a tuff of light brown hair. Neville combed his fingers through his hair whispering a wandless spell to make it stick that way and Hermione shrugged. "It's useless, my hair does what it wants.""That's the magic, my dear." Lily said, turning on her spot to work on the busy curls. "It gives your hair a life on its own. I have something for that. Remind me about it tomorrow."The next ride was a slow one, called Peter Pan. Yrrah, Neville and Hermione managed to get in one boat, while James and Lily shared the one behind them. The muggleborn witches explained the pureblood's the story about the boy who never wanted to grow up. As they flew over London, Neville asked Yrrah jokingly if this was the way the warrior was used to flying to which Yrrah only smiled.They continued their way through the park, changing partners on the go. Yrrah and James were seated next to each other in the mine roller-coaster, and later he shared a ride with Lily through the haunted house.Yrrah claimed that he had to pay for dinner since the Potters paid for the tickets and they went to a restaurant.After they finished their meal they went to the other attractions."You know there is a second park next to this one." James said when they walked to the exit around nine. "We could visit that one at the winter holidays if that's okay with all the parents?"Hermione, hugging a large Olaf to her chest, nodded. "My mom and dad would probably want to join so I see no problems with that." Grinned the girl."I don't think Grandma would mind." Neville said, he was holding an equally large Tigger."I'll be joining too." Said Yrrah, keeping Stitch close.He yawned, and James wrapped an arm around his shoulder. "Stay awake a little bit longer champ. We'll be at the car soon."The group made their way to the car just in time, when they left the parking lot the trio had fallen asleep on the back seat. Yrrah and Neville leaning against the doors and Hermione with her head on Yrrah's lap and her feet propped up on Neville's."They're conked out." Lily smiled, charming pillows under the children's heads. "This was a wonderful day. I never imagined I would have a day like this, they're great kids.""I thought about him a lot today." James said after a minute of silence. The man let out a sigh, running a hand through his already messy hair. "I would like to imagine that Harry would have grown up to be like these three.""He would." Said Lily, leaning against the door and closing her eyes.Arriving back to the Potter mansion, James carried first Hermione and Neville upstairs before waking up Lily and carrying Yrrah in the house. Lily changed the children into their pajamas with one wave of her wand and tucked them in, their new stuffed friends next to them.The Potters watched for a moment in the door, smiling and then went to bed.***HP***Yrrah woke up the next morning, refreshed and with his magic still a bit on the low side but away from the danger zone. Putting on some battle robes, he stretched in the back yard until Hermione and Neville joined him for a run.Under the heavy wards, the three could practice magic without any trouble for underage magic use. Therefore, there was no excuse for the three to lack their training. Yrrah took it easy as he started to teach them the Stupefying Charm."Stunning is one of the most useful spells in your arsenal. It's sort of a wizard's bread and butter, really." Yrrah said pulling out his wand. "This spell is also frequently used in duels, it's quite useful, if your opponent is unconscious and unable to continue the duel, it's a guaranteed victory for the caster. But it's a fourth-year spell so don't be embarrassed when it doesn't go right the first few attempts. It took me a week to get the charm right when I was eight."So, they started while Yrrah did single sword drills Dominic had used on him so many times. An hour later Nev and Hermione had a weak red charm what only slowed down a rolling ball slightly, but Yrrah was proud so the two were beaming."A small duel before we go in for breakfast?" Yrrah asked, sheathing his sword.Hermione looked hesitant. "Are you sure? Madame Pomfrey did say no magic for a week.""My core can handle a small duel, as long as we don't use heavy battle magic or too much of the powers, I'll be fine.""Only if you're absolut… Expeliarmus!" Neville tried to get Yrrah unguarded by using the element of suprise, but it was in vain because Yrrah had erupted his shield, anticipating the move.***HP***James woke up to an unusual sound. Laughing of children. Slipping out of bed, careful not to wake his wife, Lord Potter quickly changed and almost ran to the backyard where the three children were laughing and trying to break through Yrrah's shield while diving from the stunners and disarming spells Yrrah send back.The ease that these three did advanced magic was amazing and frightening at the same time. Yrrah didn't seem to have any trouble holding his own against the two, even though he should have been magically exhausted.Trying to send a prank spell to the young prince, James could only blink when his hex was shielded and returned. His hair felled heavier and a shacking hand went up to his head where antlers were growing. "Bloody Merlin, you have some reflexes." James smiled trying to send a finite at the deer accessories, but it didn't change a thing."I did tell you I was trained from an early age." Yrrah grinned back. "And only I can remove them so don't waste your magic. Special spells.""Well, could you…" James gestured to the top of his head"No, Yrrah is magically exhausted, he needs to rest." Smirked Neville, immediately going to Yrrah. He offered a supporting arm. "Come Y, then shall we see if breakfast is ready. Do you need someone to lean on?""Oh Neville, I'm so tired." Yrrah said dramatically holding a hand over his head. "I need to lie down and not use magic for the rest of the day.""Hehe very funny." Grumbled James, scratching around the antlers. "I get it, no more hexing in the back. Now please would you get these of me?""Yes, somewhere today," Yrrah said taking of in a run."Or tomorrow." Hermione piped up as she followed Yrrah inside.Neville brought up the rear. "Maybe Christmas?"***HP***It was a grumpy James, sitting at the breakfast table pocking his food around while touching the antlers. He looked at the three children who were going over something and discussing it silently, how annoying. "What are you talking about?"Yrrah turned the book to him. "They want to become Animagus, it's just that I don't know how to teach them, I was two when I changed for the first time.""I can teach you two," offered James. "I promised Neville to teach him when he was going into third year. However with the magic you showed this morning, we could start now. If you promise me that you remove the antlers before you back go to Hogwarts.""Off course." Grinned Yrrah. "I want to buy some muggle clothing, so I might ask Lady Potter if she would like to join me while you practice?""She would love that." Lily smiled as she entered the dining room. "James, I know you're proud of your form, but I told you before, no antlers when it's not Christmas."The children burst out laughing while James grumbled something under his breath. "James tried to hex Yrrah in the back and Yrrah reflected it. Only Yrrah can remove them." Hermione explained."You better make sure that my husband is back to normal tomorrow young man." Threatened Lily sipping her tea. "It will teach him not to hex people in the back.""You're supposed to be on my side." Complained James.Lily send him a wink and turned to Hermione. "After breakfast, shall I teach you how to do your hair magically?""Yes please." Hermione ran her fingers through the busy mess that was her hair. "At what time do my parents arrive? I want to surprise them.""Just before dinner so we can dine together." Lady Potter answered. "Now, eat so I can get shopping.""Yrrah you poor, poor child." Mumbled James, ducking just in time to evade being hit by his wife while the children chuckled.After a day of shopping in the muggle world, Yrrah wondered why James complained. He had a marvelous time. It helped that he didn't have to check if the clothing fitted him, he would just shrink or enlarge any items if they didn't fit. He also bought a muggle dress that would perfectly fit with Hermione's hazel eyes and a shirt with "kiss the cook" for Neville. They ate lunch together in a small restaurant and visit Diagon Ally for some Christmas presents.He even made a quick stop at Gringotts to apologize to Remus for his behavior the day before. Sirius was a friend, and Yrrah didn't like the way his professor had been treated in the past and the pain Sirius still held in his heart. The man understood and asked if Yrrah could pass this letter along to the old mutt.Back at the manor was James reading a book and Neville and Hermione were enthusiastically discussing something. Maybe because Neville's right arm was still covered with light brown feathers and Hermione spotted hairy pointed ears under her tamed hair."So, it's going well I see." Grinned Yrrah."Better than well." James placed his book down and moved behind his wife wrapping his arms around her waist. "They were master meditators, it took me and my friends months to find our inner animal and they did it in an hour.""I'm an owl. James think that I might fly one day. I hope it's better than me on a broom." Rattled Neville."And I'm a wolf." Said Hermione proud. "Silver grey and she's so beautiful.""That's wonderful," praised Lily. "But you better change back and fresh up. Your parents will be here any moment and Neville I believe that I hear the floo. Hermione, we bought you this fabulous dress to go with your new hair and Neville go grab a clean shirt. You have ketchup on that one. Yrrah, go put on some normal clothes without transfiguration.""Yes ma'am." The three chorused before running up the stairs.Dinner went perfectly with a lot of praise to the blushing house elf and the adults retired to the living room for a small drink while the kids went to bed. It would be an early day tomorrow.***HP***And early it was, but not for the three friends who woke up every morning at five. They decided to have a lay in today to six and let Lily wake them. The bags were packed, and the new stuffed friends were shrunken and packed too along with all the other stuff they bought.James, still wearing his antlers, took Yrrah and Neville by their arms around eight and Lily grabbed Hermione, so they could travel to Hogwarts in one go.With a loud crack, they arrived at the gates, and made the short walk to school.Sirius was pacing at the main entrance, glaring at the staring students so they ran into the great hall. Finally, the door opened, and three smiling children walked in followed by two adults."Sirius." Yrrah broke in a run to hug the professor, closely followed by the other two as they tackled the professor to the ground."Oomph." Grunted Sirius under the weight of two eleven-year olds and one twelve-year-old. "What did they feed you three?""Hey Siri." Lily's soft voice sounded through the hall, she took a hesitant step closer before smiling. "It's been a long time, I'm glad to hear you're doing so well for yourself."Pushing the trio of his chest, Sirius rose his feet. "Thank you for returning them safely. I was worried about them… why is James partly transformed?""Oh yeah, almost forgot." Yrrah waved his wand and the antlers disappeared. "Thank you for having us this weekend. We had an awesome time.""Just ask Yrrah or I'll do it." Neville said nudging Yrrah softly. James and Lily looked expectantly at the young warrior."Well, if you have the time… and if you don't have it it's also fine… and if you would like to come…""Out with it Y." James encouraged confused. "You can ask us anything.""My first quidditch match is this Saturday, and according to Ced and Fred and George, most players have a parent that comes to see them and since my parents well… are not here and Sirius has to be indifferent because he is a teacher…"Neville scoffed, mentally mentioning that Sirius being indifferent during quidditch was as likely as Dumbledore shaving his beard off."We would love to see you play." James said, looking at Lily who gave him a small nod. "I'm sure we can stay in England another week.""Awesome." Yrrah beamed."Now, go to your rooms and get your books, classes start in twenty minutes." Sirius smiled watching the kids give the Potters one last hug and thanks before disappearing up the stairs."They are an unusual group of children." Said James."They certainly are." Agreed Sirius suddenly feeling awkward without the children around them to distract them. "I better go prepare my lesson.""And we better go home." James held Lily's hand as he walked back out the door. Like Yrrah, Lily stopped at the door, removing her hand from James and walked back to embrace a surprised Sirius. "I missed you." She said before letting go and going back to James who smiled sadly at his best friend. Sirius watched as the doors closed and took the Potters from his view.***HP***The next week passed quickly, Wood yelled a bit because Yrrah missed the weekend training, Yrrah had given Sirius the letter Remus had written, homework was given and finished and before they knew it, it was Friday and the group were seated in the potion classroom."So here I was thinking you have the brains of your Slytherin uncle and then you do something reckless, proving the sorting head right." Sneered Snape after Yrrah had taken a seat, the professor laid Yrrah's potion book down. "I heard you're back to your normal dueling with Black, is your magical core healed then?""Yep, Madame Pomfrey checked it before Sirius even raised a wand to me." Smirked Yrrah. "It's not complete refilled but enough to resume classes and training. Didn't stop me from blasting professor Black on his behind though.""If you keep it up, I might start to like you Pendragon." Drawled Snape. "Black is fond of you, I'm almost pleased that that feeling is mutual but please don't stop battering his ego. Maybe we could cross wands someday.""I would like that professor." Yrrah twiddled his wand between his fingers. "Will you allow me to heal that leg wound you seem to have?" Snape raised his eyebrow in surprise. "You've been limping all week, after Halloween if my memory serves me right. Since you didn't let Madame Pomfrey take a look at it, I might do it. You have to gain a healing license before gaining your mastery remember?"The professor tried to wave it away. "It's nothing.""I can always report it to Madame Pomfrey." Smirked Yrrah, he didn't look at the older potions master. "She can decide whether it is nothing.""Slytherin move." Snape pulled the pants around his leg up, showing the bandages under the trousers. "Do you often get your way with blackmail?""Nah, I have my father's morals." Yrrah said as he carefully removed the bandages. "Quite a bite you have here. Could you use a cleaning spell at my hands after I uncork the vials?""You do know much about healing." Said Snape impressed."That almost sounded like a complement coming from you." After his hand were clean, Yrrah poured liquid on it from his stash. Using a little bit wandless healing magic, Yrrah's hand carefully rubbed over the teeth marks.Snape's black eyes opened wide when he saw his healed leg. There was some redness but it looked like there won't even be a scar. "How?""A healing potion my uncle made for me from the diary. I can't brew it as well as he can. Not yet anyway." Yrrah explained holding out his bloodied hands. "Could you?" A second later Yrrah's hands were clean again. "Thank you, I better go make my rounds."He left a speechless and thinking professor behind. "What more secrets do you hide?"***HP***It was Saturday. The day of the match and Yrrah was nervous."Yrrah, you need to eat something." Susan said pushing the plate to the boy.Hermione nodded. "Use your potion if you have to but you need to strength.""I'm not hungry." Mumbled Yrrah pushing the plate back. He felt awful, in an hour the game started, and his stomach was doing flips."You really need it Yrrah." Daphne said, the blond Slytherin was seated opposite of him decked in green colors. "Seekers are mostly the first to be kicked out of the game.""Thank you, Daphne." Grumbled Yrrah sarcastically, "That makes me feel so much better, but I'm still not hungry.""How can't you be hungry?" a cheerful voice said. "You're still growing, I was always hungry when I was your age." The looked up, staring at James and Lily for a second who had just entered."You came." Smiled Yrrah. The trio quickly rose up to face the Potters."Off course, we wouldn't miss it for the world." Lily smiled kissing the cheeks of the three. "Now introduce me to your friends, no wait, I heard so much about you that I might know, let me guess… The infamous Weasley twins, and this must be Cedric.""Lady Potter." The three third years smiled, kissing the hands of the lady and giving a small bow to Lord Potter."This redhead must be Susan, you look like your aunt Amelia. Except for the hair color" James grinned. "There was only one other boy, so you must be Terry.""Yes sir." Terry nodded while Susan stood beaming next to him."You're Padma, and then you must be Tracey." Lily smiled. "But I don't know who Hannah is and who is Daphne. Yrrah never mentioned houses.""Daphne Greengrass, Scion heir of the Ancient and Noble house of Greengrass. Heir to the Earl of Oxford. It's an honor to meet you Lord and Lady Potter." Daphne curtsied as the old custom demanded."Hannah Abbott, Scion of the Noble house Abbott." Hannah repeated Daphne's curtesy."Please call us Lily and James, Yrrah's friends are our friends." Smiled James, looking around the great hall with a smile. "It is really nice to be back.""Pendragon, Weasleys, changing room." Wood came collecting his team and Yrrah said a quick goodbye. Choruses of good luck followed them.Around eleven the whole school had emptied to come and see the game. Sirius had added himself to the group, uncomfortable taking place between James and Cedric in the Hufflepuff box. Daphne and Tracey braved the Slytherins reaction and had joined the Hufflepuff stands instead their own house, just like Neville and Hermione, Terry and Padma. Hufflepuff was neutral territory. Less chance of fighting during the game.While everyone was getting a seat Yrrah quickly changed and settled down for Wood's speech but zoned out the moment he spoke the first word. Would his family be watching him in the mirror? Would his dad be proud?Taken out by his musings by a nudge of Fred. "We know Oliver's speech by heart. We were on the team last year." Yrrah only give a forced smile.Oliver growled at the redheads. "Shut up, you two. This is the best team Gryffindor's had in years. We're going to win. I know it." The team grabbed their brooms and walked to the entrance, Yrrah walking next to Wood.The captain looked down at the first year, "Nervous?""Yeah." Stated Yrrah anxiously."That is normal. I was nervous too, at my first game." Admitted Wood with a nod."What happened?""Don't know," frowned Wood. "Got a bludger to the head in the first few minutes. Woke up a week later in the hospital wing."Yrrah swallowed but before he got the chance to really think about it the doors opened, and they pushed off.Lee Jordan's voice shouted over the field, while they were making rounds. "Welcome by the first game of the season, Gryffindor against Slytherin!"Everyone took place in a circle, Yrrah and the Slytherin seeker slightly above everyone else. Madame Hooch was waiting for the players attention. "I want a clean game." She said, Yrrah had the feeling that her eyes lingered to long on Marcus Flint, the Slytherin captain. The Snitch was released and it flew around Yrrah's head and around the Slytherin's seeker before disappearing in the sun. The bludgers were next and Hooch blew her whistle, throwing the quaffle in the air.The game had started."And the quaffle is immediately in the hands of Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor. What is that girl an excellent chaser, and nice to the eye too.""JORDAN!" McGonagall yelled."Sorry professor." Lee apologized. "There she goes, passing the quaffle to Alicia Spinnet, another wonderful found by Oliver Wood, who was reserve last year. Back to Johnson, and no Slytherin has the quaffle. Captain Marcus Flint has captured the quaffle and gains speed. He goes like an eagle on the target, he sco… no excellent tackle by Wood, the keeper of Gryffindor, who has the quaffle. Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor dives around Flint and … aww that must have hurt, a bludger against the back of her hand. Slytherin has the quaffle, no he gets hit by a bludger from Fred, or George Weasley, I don't know which one. Johnson has the quaffle she's going to the goal, dives away from the bludger, reaching the goal, come on Angelina, the keeper dives, missed and GRYFFINDOR SCORES!"Loud cheering from the Gryffindor's and booing from the Slytherins sounded through the chilly air.Yrrah made a celebration round before focusing back on his task. He saw it the same time as Lee questioned about it and speed after it.He was faster than the other seeker, he could almost see the wings of the small golden ball, pushing to go faster, almost and.BAMFlint had flown against Yrrah and he was falling through the air, barely holding onto his broom.The Slytherin captain got a chew out from Hooch but in the confusion had the golden Snitch escaped."At moment like this there should be red cards," mumbled Terry."Red cards?" Tracey asked confused."The referee can send players off if they make a dangerous offence, by giving them a red card." Explained Hermione.Lily nodded, "They should change the rules! Flint could have hit Yrrah from his broom!"Lee had trouble with keeping impartial. "Good, after that blatant and disgusting trickle cheating…""Jordan." Grumbled McGonagall."I mean after the obvious and foul offense…""Jordan I'm warning you…""Okay, okay, Flint almost killed the Gryffindor seeker, but that could happen to everybody, I guess. Spinnet takes the penalty and she scored, the game continues with Gryffindor in possession of the quaffle."Yrrah went back to searching for the tiny ball when it happened. His broom made a sudden, frightening bucking movement. For a moment, he thought he was going to fall, that wouldn't be that bad, but he was more wondering what was happening to his broom.It happened again, it was as if his broom was trying to throw him off and he had zero control over his broom."Yrrah what are you doing?" Hermione asked.Yrrah was holding on with all his might. "My broom is being hexed. Hermione try to look around with a telescope. Nev, I need to keep an eye on the Slytherin Seeker, if he goes after the Snitch warn me.""Hold on Y." Neville focused on the seeker while Hermione re-laid the information to the others.Sirius, Lily and James pulled their wands, ready to catch the boy if he fell and the others from the group were searching the crowd."Look, Snape!" yelled Padma pointing at the teachers' box."He's not blinking." Hermione noticed, "That's a sign of hexing.""Neither is Quirrell." Susan added. "What should we do?""Too late." Said Neville, "The Slytherin seeker found the Snitch." Turning to Lily, he grabbed her wand arm. Hermione did the same with James and Cedric, getting the hint, grabbed Sirius. "Don't interfere. Yrrah knows what he's doing.""Now I'll show you what I believe flying means." Yrrah grinned.Screams of fright sounded through the crowed when Yrrah jumped from his broom. With his arms against his body and legs stretched out, he dove down head first. Seconds before he reached the ground, he started to make complicated arm movements and to the crowd's amazement, he stayed still in the air for a second before going back up, following the golden Snitch."What in Merlin's name." James mumbled."I guess that's why he didn't know we fly on brooms the first flying class." Mumbled Daphne. "He could have told us, you know. We wouldn't have made fun of him.""It was actually a secret." mentioned Hermione softly."And he had all the rights to try and keep this hidden." Sirius said in awe, "I thought he used wandless magic like Neville during the fight with the troll, but elemental. The last known with that power was Slytherin himself. Where did he learn to control it like this?""He carries founders' book around from his home library, I'm sure there should be a book laying around written by Slytherin." Susan mumbled absent, "Look!"Yrrah was flying just below the Slytherin seeker, resting on his back as he stretched out to snatch the Snitch from right under the other seekers nose."PENDRAGON CAUGHT THE SNITCH! GRYFFINDOR WINS 170-60!" Lee shouted gleefully.Yrrah carefully floated down, it had been an awfully long time since he had felt the wind surround him like that, and he didn't know he had missed it so much until now.Fixing his hair, he closed his eyes for a moment of peace, the crowd around him was shouting, protesting or celebrating but he needed a moment to shut everything out. One power had been revealed but he didn't care about that, he had won his first game.His moment was interrupted when he was tackled against the ground. Small fists were hitting him and he tried to shield himself. "What are you doing?""Don't you ever do that again." Susan was yelling. "I thought you were going to die!"Yrrah pulled a face, letting himself helped up by Terry and Neville. "Don't be this dramatic. I told Hermione and Neville I had a plan!""Well next time tell me the plan." Hermione huffed, Yrrah just winked at her."That was awesome." Cedric grinned, "I can't wait till we play against each other.""Can you teach us how to fly like that?" Fred asked. The twins landed, George carrying Yrrah's broom.Flint, and other Slytherins were complaining about the unfairness of it all to Hooch, but since it never was stated in the rules that you had to use a broom, there was nothing that could be done about it. Gryffindor won fair and square.So that's it for now. Please leave a review if you have any questions and I'll always try to answer them. Thank you to Lord Halcyon (sorry, you'll have to wait a little longer) and Welcome007 (for feedbacking every chapter)ShyLily

Disclaimer; I don't own Harry Potter.This chapter is mostly bonding with the students who I have plans for in the second year. Nothing special really :)Finally, the next chapterA little later the friends from the different houses and the three adults were playing a game of soccer at the field besides the lake, while Yrrah and the twins were resting from the game. Under the warming charm Lily had set, they couldn't feel the cold from the November air making it comfortable to lay in the grass, even though it was nearing winter in Scotland.Hermione and Neville both backed out when the twins entered the game so they could have a private conversation about the game."I'm certain, it was either Quirrell or Snape." stated Hermione serious. "I recognize a curse or counter curse. Neither blinked and kept staring at you. They might not have pointed their wands at you… but they were casting."Sirius and James dropped down next to the trio, followed by Lily when they heard the girl speak. "My money is on Snivellus." Said James growling, ignoring the glare Lily send him."I don't think so." disagreed Yrrah, shaking his head sceptical. "Master Snape and I spend some time discussing potions while I'm tutoring my friends. He might not be the most pleasant person...""You can say that again." Whispered Sirius low under his breath."But Severus is smart." Continued Yrrah, ignoring the remark from the etiquette professor. "We trade potions text and he's very aware that I have books he and any other potion master would sell his soul for. If I get hurt, he won't be able to access my books… I'm pretty sure that if Snape would want me dead me, it will be after I give him access to my potion collection, which I can't until my uncle gives permission for his work to be used and published. And let's be honest, there are many, many different potions that can kill while making it look like an accident.""How bad this conversation might be, I believe Yrrah is right." Lily agreed. "However I refuse to believe that a professor would try to hurt a student.""Did you hex my broom?" asked Yrrah. "I got my broom from you guys."James bristled. "I would never do such thing.""I keep my broom in our quarters if I'm not flying." Yrrah countered. "Nobody but Neville and Hermione could have touched it without me knowing.""And we are under a magical oath." stated Neville casually."What?" chorus the three adults.Hermione shrugged. "A loyalty oath to keep Yrrah's secrets.""He never asked us for an oath." explained Neville, "We were entrusted with some sensitive information and swore that we would never, ever reveal his secrets as long as his heart is pure.""Oaths are very dangerous." Lily exclaimed. "You two shouldn't have done that.""It has been done." shrugged Neville. "And nothing can change it now. We need to focus on the problem at hand. Mainly that someone is trying to kill Yrrah.""If it wasn't the teacher, than who and why?" asked Yrrah. "Quirrell is the defence teacher, perhaps he too was using the counter hex but that would mean that someone strong enough to battle two professors was able to get close enough to see my broom.""Voldemort is strong enough according to the history books." offered Hermione. "But why would he attack Yrrah?""Voldemort?" Lily squeaked, grabbing James' arm. "You think he is back in England? Last I heard he was in Albania.""Perhaps he doesn't want anyone with that much political power to mess with his plans." offered Neville rational while the adults were recovering from the shock."He would have send one of his followers to finish the job." countered Yrrah shaking his head. "No, I don't believe that either one of the Dark Lords would come so close to Dumbledore just to make sure that an eleven year old won't get more political power than him. Unless he's here for another reason...""The third floor." Three young voices said together."But what would Dumbledore hide that makes a dark Lord take the risk to come here?" asked Hermione."Nothing." Said Sirius quickly. "Besides, it's protected. Nobody could ever get to it alive.""But there has to be…" Neville became silent when the others stopped playing and came their way. While he trusted their friends, some things shouldn't be on eleven year old minds. Which was kind of ironic since Neville and Yrrah were the youngest of the bunch."So Yrrah," Tracey drawled, falling down next to him. "So you can fly without a broom. I'm sure I missed you telling me that before."Yrrah smiled at the Slytherin, "I was sort of trying to keep it a secret. Dumbledore and Fudge are watching me enough as it is because of my heritage, never mind adding the elemental powers. It's like Neville's wandless but a little rarer. However I couldn't let Slytherin win, I rather let everyone know what I'm capable off then tell Wood we lost the game.""Then that means you can't teach me how to fly." sighed the girl sadly."Off course I can, you just need me near you." Rising up, Yrrah held out his hand. The moment Tracy's hand was in his, the wind picked up around the two of them and Tracey closed her eyes in fright. "Don't worry, you're safe with me." Yrrah comforted, as their feet let go from the ground.Picking up speed, Yrrah flew over the lake. "This is amazing!" Tracey yelled, squeezing Yrrah's arm. The young prince let go of her hands and send her of on her own. "What are you doing?!" the young witch screamed while kicking in the air."Just let go Tracey," grinned Yrrah. "Let the wind guide you."Yrrah himself spiralled through the air, diving down to land on his feet."Our turn!" the twins jumped up.Yrrah laughed and with a wave of his hand, the elemental wizard threw the duo in the air. The others stopped playing to watch the three trying to stay upright by kicking and punching in the air. Fred was ever trying to wave is arms as a bird. "I'm going to put you guys down now," Yrrah warned before the wind slowly died down and the three students landed in a heap on the ground."Tracey, your hair." Gasped Hannah, "It's a mess."Tracey was too busy to catch her breath from laughing to hard. "You guys have to try this.""Can we?" asked Terry eager."Well," Yrrah scratched the back of his head. "the most people I held in the air at one time was four, I could try but I don't know.""I'm staying down, I hate flying on brooms so I'm not going anywhere near that." Daphne stated, crossing her arms."Me too, I don't like heights." Lily said taking a step back.James and Sirius looked just as eager as the students and Yrrah closed his eyes in concentration. "Make a circle, and keep a hold of each other's hand." Yrrah said as the wind picked up again, Susan took his left and Hermione was on his right.It took more focus than he thought he possessed to lift everyone up from the ground and sweat started to drip from his forehead.But he did it. When everyone was lifted, he let go of the hands holding his and send them higher. And for a moment, the incident with the broom was forgotten.Nervous laughing could be heard all the way in the castle where an ancient wizard was running his fingers through his beard watching the group below."Maybe I should keep a closer eye on Mr. Pendragon, for the greater good." Mumbled the headmaster to himself.At the same castle, in a different world a knight was watching his son with a smile on his tired face. His hand resting on the magical mirror wishing with every fiver in his being that he could be there with his boy.The match, and Yrrah's flying, had led to the return of the whispers following the young Lord and his friends everywhere he went. It featured in the daily prophet and there had been a whole issue about the powers with the current known yielders, among them Dumbledore, the current minister of magic in America and a girl who had just joined the auror academy.It took a little over a day after the match before Yrrah was once again summoned to the Headmasters office and a smirking professor Black walked with Yrrah.It felt like the three students had become an unofficial house, with Sirius as their head of house. Off course, the points they earned still went to Gryffindor and Yrrah was part of the Gryffindor quidditch team but other than that the trio was separated from their house. Slowly their other friends became part of the same 'house', because as was said in the beginning of the year, your house is your family.The Slytherins ignored Daphne and Tracey because of their friendship with 'lions'. Padma and Terry were ignored because they were traitors. Susan and Hannah were sneered at by Ernie and his friends since the first transfiguration lesson. Only the twins and Cedric still wore their house colours with pride.Sirius got his own room added in their quarters, he usually spend the night there Saturday on Sunday. The main reason was that they were all tired after the afternoon duelling, Sirius started teaching the kids spells he used during the war and Yrrah and Black closed the training session with a restricted duel. This meant that they could use only certain spells.Yrrah lost many of these because he lost the element of surprise, the Sunday duels which held no restrictions were won by Yrrah for about 75% of the time, he used spells Sirius didn't know and illusions the man couldn't see through.One Thursday evening, after they returned from the library study session, Yrrah was playing a game of chess with Neville while Hermione was, well reading off course, when a thought came to him. "I think I'm going to the forbidden corridor tonight around midnight," he announced. "See what's up there. Knight to E4."Hermione hummed not looking up from her book. "That's a great id… wait what?""We'll be going to the third floor." Neville shrugged, immediately agreeing to go along without questioning. "Bishop to H6 Check.""But why?" Hermione cried out, "It must be forbidden for a reason.""Yes, and I think that there is a dangerous animal in there that managed to bite Snape in the leg. I'm curious as what they keep hidden there." Yrrah explained. "King to F1.""So you want to see if there is a dangerous animal hidden in the school." Hermione looked thoughtful for a second before nodding to herself. "Okay." She said turning back to her book."Okay?" Neville smiled. "That was easy.""Well it's better to know what we might be facing than suddenly being surprised by a mountain troll." Reasoned Hermione not looking up. "I'll be ready to leave at midnight. It's better if we go when everyone is asleep.""Wonderful." Grinned Yrrah.Neville nodded to himself. "Tower to A, check mate.""Damn it." Sighed Yrrah, dropping on his back to stare at the ceiling.At midnight, Yrrah jumped the trio directly to the third corridor, making sure they wouldn't get caught while wondering through the halls. It was completely empty and dust was laying over the statues."Do you hear that?" asked Hermione, holding her head tilted as if that would make the sound clearer."Growling." Said Neville but Yrrah heard differently. He could hear three voices grumbling and sussing each other that someone was near."Wait here for a second." The prince jumped to the room and pulled three large bloody steak from the fridge before jumping back.Smiling at his friends, he handed them each one steak and opened the door. "Cerberus." Gasped Hermione."Hello." Waved Yrrah, "I heard you say you were hungry.""A speaker." growled the left head."A speaker with food." The middle one said happy. "Throw me please, please, I promise I won't eat you. I'll be good, I'll be good!""Here you go." Yrrah threw his steak to the left, Neville to the middle and Hermione to the right. He kept his friends in the conversation through the mind link. "I was wondering what bit my teacher and what you're hiding.""The greasy one?" asked right. "That was me, nasty. When was the last time he washed himself?""Probably never." Grinned Neville, his Gryffindor courage showing when he took a step closer to the beast to pet his head."That's what I thought." Barked middle happy."Yes you said that before.""What is your name?" asked Hermione, rubbing the soft spot behind lefts ear."Master calls us Fluffy, so that's our name." right said enjoying the attention Yrrah gave him."Hagrid." Chorused the trio grinning at each other. There could only be one in whole Hogwarts who would call the Cerberus Fluffy.""You know master?" "We do." Said Yrrah. "Not very well, he works here at school."Yrrah climbed on the dogs back to scratch better. The other two heads saw what the little wizard was doing and lifted each one humans on their necks by the back of the shirts. Both thought for a moment that they were going to be eaten but fortunately that wasn't the case.The trio was down when it was time to leave. "Do you come back soon little humans?" asked Fluffy. "And can you bring food again?""Well the vacation is coming around soon. We'll come back before the students leave for home." Promised Hermione, cuddling in the warm neck for the moment."But Hermione, we'll be breaking the rules." Grinned Yrrah moving over so Hermione could crawl over to the middle to say that head goodbye too."Oh shut up Yrrah."It was Friday afternoon, the last day of classes before the vacation started were finished and it was time to relax. The trio declined the offer to stay at school for the holidays, however the professors didn't need to know that Yrrah was staying in the Pendragon quarters.The trio made their way to the head table, the hall was still empty since it was really early for dinner. Dumbledore looked up from his conversation with professor McGonagall to see the students waiting patiently. Leaning forward, he placed his elbows on the table. "What can I do for you three?"Yrrah stepped forward. "Sir, my family doesn't celebrate Christmas but we do have a winter celebration I would like to honour with my brother and sister in our quarters. Professor Black promised to chaperon and I would like your permission to invite some friends from other houses this Saturday evening and with permission they will be staying overnight." Yrrah said in his political voice he started to use around the headmaster."I'll need more information about this before I give my permission, Mr. Pendragon." stated Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. "What does this celebration entail?""At Winter Solstice we share a homecooked traditional meal together with friends and family." Explained Yrrah. "Then we take place around the fire and give a present to the person appointed to you by magic, something you made yourself by hand. We share stories of battles and bravery and embracement and make a wish for the upcoming year.""And professor Black shall be with you during the night to oversee this winter solstice?" McGonagall asked."He offered, well he suggested that we needed a teacher there." shrugged Yrrah."Then by all means, have your party. I'm glad you reach out to friends." The ancient wizard leaned back to his chair. "Was that all Mr. Pendragon?""That was all, thank you sir." Yrrah turned on his heals, facing the hall who was slowly filling. Neville held out a bag to Hermione who opened it in the middle of the hall. Butterflies flew from the inside, in all kinds of colours and escaped the hall to find the person they were meant to invite.McGonagall looked up surprised when a red golden butterfly landed on her hand. It glowed for a second before a thin piece of muggle parchment took its place.Dear friend,You are cordially invited to attend our Winter Solstice celebration Saturday evening. The evening will consist of Dinner and starts at five in the Pendragon quarters. There will be sharing of gifts, if you accept the invitation please touch the bottom of the page for the name of one of the other guest, you'll be asked to make a handmade gift for.Since the celebration won't end until late in the evening, there will be the opportunity to spend the night, if you rather sleep in our own bed, speak with professor Black and he'll accompany you to your common room. We hope you'll be with us, if you have any questions we'll be in the potion classroom at seven. Greetings Neville, Yrrah and Hermione.The strict teacher grinned and tapped with her wand at the bottom of the paper. She had a whole day to find a present for the boy on the paper.Cedric was working on an essay with some friends in his common room when a yellow butterfly landed on his pen. "What's that Ced?""Don't know." When the butterfly walked on his finger it changed in an invitation. He read through it before tapping it with his wand. His smile widening when he noticed the name on the paper. Putting the invitation between his books, the third year looked up innocent. "Now where were we?"Padma and Terry were walking down the stairs, discussing the potion ingredients for the tutor hour after dinner when two light blue butterflies landed on their books. After reading the invitation, they pulled their wands. "That might become interesting." Grinned Terry, reading over the name while shielding it from his best friend."You bet." Smiled Padma, nudging Terry and trying to look at the name on Terry's name.Down in the dungeons was Severus grading homework, humming in appreciation at the improved work of the terror twins. Not that he would ever say that, so he wrote an EE on the top of the papers, the highest a Gryffindor could ever earn in his class. A green silver butterfly entered his chamber and when the man tried to swat it away it turned in paper.Frowning he picked it up scanning over the letter. He grinned and accepted his ever first Christmas invitation before scowling at the name.Not far away, were Daphne and Tracey just leaving the Slytherin common room when three green silver butterflies approached. Two landed on their shoulders and one passed. The duo smiled at each other when they read through the paper.Curious they turned around to see a confused Theodore Nott tapping the paper with his wand.The three Gryffindor Chasers were trying to find an excuse to skip the latest training Oliver demanded before the vacation when red, golden butterflies landed on their arms."Ladies, I believe that we have a kitchen to visit." Angelina grinned, pulling her wand.The Weasley twins walked down the stairs, "Got an invitation too?" asked Fred waving his paper which had been a purple butterfly mere seconds ago."We did. But I might need some help with deciding what present to make for a certain person. You know them right?" asked Katie."We'll help you, if you help us." George grinned.Lee walked came through the portrait hall holding his paper. "Uh, can anyone explain why I got one of these? I barely know the other two.""You're our captain." grinned Fred swinging an arm around the boy's shoulders."And those three don't want us to forget about our other friends." Tutted George."So they invite you guys.""What is this?" Oliver came from is dormitory. "We're losing trainings time. What about my training tonight?" The quidditch players groaned.Susan and Hannah were just walking into the great hall when the butterflies flew out. With awe they looked at the different colours and didn't even blink twice when two landed on their fingers. Looking at the names, the two grinned at each other. "Together?" asked Susan."I have an idea what we can make. Let's see professor Sprout after dinner." Said Hannah excited before sitting next to Neville at the Gryffindor table, looking over Longbottom's shoulder she frowned. "And why don't you have a name yet?""Magic is still thinking for me, they want me to have the perfect person." Grinned Neville."Like me?" asked Hannah innocent.Hermione smiled as she wordlessly passed the potatoes over to Susan without the girl asking, after all the meals they shared they knew each other's preferences.Sirius eyes lit up when he saw his butterfly coming towards him. When his favourite trio had come to him with the idea, he immediately agreed.For a moment he frowned when he saw the name that appeared after he accepted the invitation. Why would they invite him? What were they planning?"Seamus, we won't pass if we continue like this." Argued Dean annoyed to his friend. "Ron is constantly goofing off and copying our homework and nobody outside our house will talk or sit with us. It's only Brown and Patil and they are almost as bad with their homework as we are.""It's Pendragon and his friends' fault." growled Seamus, "They're constantly showing off. I'm sure we have average grades compared to other years.""Well I don't care about other years!" countered Dean angry. "I don't want to be that bully I was in the beginning of the year. I'm going to apologize for my behaviour, what we did was wrong.""They're know-it-all's, and you rather hang out with them than with me?""No I want to hang out with both." Said Dean. "I don't want to be in quarrel with others, even though they hardly seem to notice we are in competition. I'm going to apologize now, with or without you."Turning around he left a furious Seamus behind, a single purple butterfly flew by and landed on his hand before turning into paper.A very confused Gryffindor turned around to grab his potion book and kit from his room, he had a feeling he could apologize in the dungeons tonight and maybe raise that Dreadful he had as potions grade."Look, there he is." Marietta Edgecombe, her best friend whispered as she nudged her. "You should just go over and talk to him."Cho Chang looked up to see Cedric enter the hall. The handsome seeker said something to his friends and walked towards the Gryffindor table where the group first years from different houses were seated. Cedric hit one of the twins on the back so the Weasley made room for him to sit down, laughing as he did. "What should I say?""Well you need to make sure he notice you." Marietta stated as if it was obvious."I can't." Cho said miserably. With a sigh she rested her chin in her hand dreamily staring at the third year. "He's a year older and a quidditch player.""We'll you're one of the smartest in our year and I'm sure you'll make the team next year after that dimwit graduates." Argued Marietta.Cho Chang blushed when she was caught staring and looked down at her plate.Unknown to her, Cedric blushed too and Hermione noticed it. "I think our Hufflepuff seeker has a crush on the Ravenclaw." Grinned Hermione. Yrrah and Neville turned around to look at the blue table."I think she likes him too." Said Neville happy.Yrrah hummed and blew through his hands. A single butterfly escaped from his fingers and made its way over to the Ravenclaw table. "Cedric, I made a slight mistake and someone had her own name, I changed it with yours." Lied Yrrah with a straight face. "Could you recheck your name? To see if it also changed on the invitation?"From the head table watched Dumbledore with narrowed eyes at the young prince. That wasn't elemental magic…Like every week, Yrrah arrived first in the potion lab to prepare the cauldrons but it didn't take long before the others showed their homework which Yrrah had returned signed of Wednesday evening and they started on their potions."Care to explain the invitation I got Pendragon?" Snape asked, taking his usual seat next to Yrrah, but unlike normal, when Yrrah was reading during the tutor class, the eleven year old was brewing himself.Yrrah smiled not looking up from the cauldron. "I believe the invitation was pretty clear Professor. I do want to remind you that this is a celebration and I don't want you and Sirius to ruin that. Sirius gave me his word that he behaves, I trust you to do the same.""As long as he behaves." Grumbled Snape. "What are you brewing, I don't recognize this combination?""Some potion you probably won't recognize because it was never published. Can you hand me my bag?" stirring five more times before the potion had to rest for five minutes, Yrrah placed his spoon next to the cauldron. "I believe I have the book where it is written down somewhere in my bag?"Snape frowned as he passed the bag over. "You said it was never published.""Handwritten journal." Yrrah put his hand in the bottomless bag and wandlessly summoned the notebook. "Here it is. I really need that back at the end of the lesson, my uncle will kill me if something happens to it. And it will not be done with mercy." Stated Yrrah and added mumbled. "No, there will be no mercy.""Salazar Slytherin's journal." Snape looked at it as if he was holding the holy grail in his hands. "May I…""You can copy as many potions as you like as long as you give credit to the person who deserves it." Shrugged Yrrah. "And I really need it back after class this is the only copy."Snape nodded, taking out a copy quill. "I wondered, did Professor McGonagoll ever return your transfiguration book?""Yes she did, the weekend after Halloween because I wanted to show it to James." Said Yrrah turning back to his potion, ignoring the angry look that crossed Snape's face at the mention of James Potter.Yrrah was putting the finishing touch at his potion when someone softly called out his name, looking up briefly he held out a finger as he spelled drops of freely given unicorn blood into the potion until it turned silver."Perfect, now what can I do for you Mr. Thomas." Grinned Yrrah."I well… I thought really hard the last few days and I'm really sorry for the way I treated you and your friends." Dean said looking at his shoes. "And I wanted to know if you really wanted me to come to your party tomorrow or if you're just trying to prank me? Because I would really like to come to make it right with you guys but I understand if you don't want me there.""The inventation wouldn't be send if we weren't sure," said Yrrah, waving his wand to bottle the potion. "It was actually Neville's idea to send it. Hermione noticed you studying alone in the library and looking when you thought that we didn't see. One thing, why are you apolozing to me when it wasn't just me you said unkind words too.""Right." Dean said, looking up at the rest of the group who was watching the conversation with intrest. "Bones, Abbott, Longbottom and Granger, I'm really sorry for everything I said and not standing up for you when the others said the same things. Greengrass, Davis, Boot and Patil, I apologize for my behaviour these past few weeks, you did nothing wrong to deserve my cold attitude.""It's okay." Said Daphne flipping her hair back, her parter Neville rolled his eyes. "Not every one is so smart to realise some things the first month.""Do you want to join us Dean?" asked Hermione. "I'm sure we have room for one more, and please call me Hermione.""I would like to." Dean hesitantly walked over to Hermione who scooted over to make place at the table."We do get homework, and you're not allowed to enter next week if you didn't do it." Started the girl to explain.Yrrah smiled and started to label the new vials with the name of the potion and the date."Pendragon! I told you I wanted a last training session before the vacation and you go potion brewing?" Wood stormed in, followed by the three smirking chasers.With a sigh placed Yrrah the quill down, he should remember to do his future brewing in his private room, to many distractions. "Hi Oliver, You know the twins and I always have potions tutoring on Friday after dinner. You're welcome to join us if you like.""But…But…""We would like to take your offer." Angelina blinked sweetly at George."But we don't have any partners." Alica pouted at Fred.The twins shared one look before rushing over to the ladies."Katie, we're close to completing the first year potions." Said Yrrah to the second year. "You can join Dean, he doesn't have a partner yet and is a little bit behind. Hermione just finished explaining how we work, I'm sure Dean can repeat it for you.""Why not, hi, I'm Katie Bell." Introduced Katie herself to the blushing Dean."Oliver? Would you like to join Cedric?""No I have to train." The captain rushed out the room."Okay." Shrugged Yrrah picking up his quill, hoping he could finally finish with his task. A soft knock pulled him out of that dilusion. Lee was standing in the door. "Join Cedric, he'll explain." Yrrah said as he waved the boy of, he would never get his potion done if they continued like this.Saturday morning after the morning training the greathall was almost empty when they entered. Except for the group at the Ravenclaw table in an heavy discussion which had started since Yrrah announced that you could work together. The twins were talking among each other on the side and Yrrah could only hope that they kept their promise of not pranking during the winter celebration."Did you make any plans?" asked Hannah, she was drawing some flowers on a piece of parchment."I finished most of it last night with a little help from Yrrah." Said Neville. "Just need something to wrap it in.""And Mione and I team up." Said Yrrah. "I think that I'll need about two more hours, and you?""The same." Said Hermione. "And then we have to prepare for dinner..."Daphne cut in. "You're going to make dinner yourself?""Traditional home dish," shrugged Yrrah. "I'm pretty sure that the House elves don't really know how to prepare it." Seeing the hesitat faces he smiled reassuring. "Don't worry, there will be plenty of side dishes you all enjoy.""It's not that I don't trust your cooking skills." Said Cedric."I'm sure you do." Chuckled Yrrah. "Please, Neville and Hermione are going to make pies and there will be snackes afterwards. We won't let you starve.""Well that's a relief." Grinned Tracey.Yrrah and his friends had dressed themselves in the official winter solstice attire with Yrrah wearing his golden wristband and shoulder pats with pride, along with the silver band around his head and the sword at his side. He had grown out his hair so it covered his ears who were slightly pointed but not enough to hide it.This was his heritage, and he would not hide it on one of the most important days of the elves."You didn't tell us to dress up." Fred said."Now look at you all fancy." Complained George."We'll change after dinner." Promised Yrrah. "It's tradition for the warriors to wear their uniform during dinner until the exchange of present where the whole village comes dressed in their sleeping attire.""Pajama's?" asked Hannah. "Wicked."Sirius, Snape and McGonagall were the last to join the small groups and Neville guided the group back up the stairs."Professor Flitwick asked me if it was possible for him to join." McGonagall said. "He's very intrested in different cultures and Professor Sprout wondered if she migh be present at the gift exchange, she worked with some of the students and wanted to see their reaction.""But off course." Hermione said. "The invitation was open to friends, but they will need to bring a present for the other. It would be sad if everyone had something to open and they didn't. The only reason we didn't invite them was because we would need to invite the other teachers too but if they just happen to drop by to check on the students in their house and hang around."McGonagall's eyes twinkled as she send out a silent patronus."Sirius could you ask them if they want to join for dinner too?" Yrrah asked. "You know the way. We'll wait for you.""Sure." Sirius grinned. The students looked in shock as the custom professor transformed in a large black dog and took of towards the green houses first.An half hour later twenty five people were seated at the enlarged table shaped like an U. The trio and Sirius levitated the dishes on the table, along with a candle on every plate. Yrrah took place at the head of the U and took one hand from Hermione on his left and Sirius on his right. "These candles are magical candles." Explained Yrrah. "They take five breaths to blow them out, which are used for whishes while you're a child but when you're older, it's a prayer. The first breath is for happiness which we call 'meren' for everyone we love, second breath is for thanks that we can spend another celebration with out friends and family 'le hannon'. Then we ask forgiveness 'Goheno', for the lives of the enimies we took and the lives we failed to safe, may they find rest in Valar. Thrust 'Estelio', that we will be here next year and that our warriors will return home with victory and the last is for a prayer. You can make your own wishes if you want, just hold the hands of the persons next to you and look at the fire. You can repeat after me if you want or make your own wish." Yrrah said closing his eyes."Im Meren." He whispered blowing softly at the candle, vaguely he heard several voices repeat after him. "Im le hannon." Another soft breath. "Goheno nin." Breath out. "Estelion." And now came the prayer, letting go from the hands holding him, Yrrah looked at his dancing flame and placed his hands on his heart. "Anor valthen, togo laugas lín nestad enin gûr hen."Hermione and Neville used the translation from Yrrah's mind and the few who prayed with him, repeated after the two in English. "You Golden Sun, may your warmth bring healing to this heart.""Ceven dhaer, anno vellas lín enin 'raw hen." Yrrah said."Great earth, may you give your strength to this body.""Suil Annui, erio thûl lín i faer hen.""Western Winds, may your breath lift this spirit." And the candle was blown out. The cup in which the candle was placed slowly resolved in golden lights going up to the seeling."Thank you." Smiled Yrrah and looked around. "Let's eat."Any fears the group had when they heard that the trio were making a home made meal disappeared when they took their hesitant first bites.The apple bread and cheesecake muffins were gone within seconds. The Lavender and Lemon Muffins following quickly. The boys seemed to like the spiced Beef while the girls seemed to prefure the stuffed Pumkin. Even the corn Casserole that Yrrah never really liked was empty.Yrrah nibbled on a small piece of Lembas bread when everyone was fished."I suggest that the students change into their sleeping attire as discussed while we do the dishes." McGonagall said."Spendid idea." Grinned Sirius. "Espescially since I get to change too." And the animagus ran into the bedroom."We're here with ten girls so the best solution is for them to change in my and Hermione's room and I and the guys change into the training room." Yrrah said, moving to the door with his name on it. "Just give me a sec to get rid of the armer.""We could wait for you in your room." Susan offered chuckling."Miss Bones." Sprout said warningly making the girl blush. For a moment she had forgotten the teachers in the room.Changed into their pajamas and with a damping cup with hot choco the students and professors sat around the table. Yrrah had gone wild with decorating and had added several pillows, beanbags and sofas so everyone could have a seat.They spinned the wand who got to choose the first present and it landed on Hannah. The first year Hufflepuff hesitantly stept forward and picked up a bulky package. "For Oliver love Angelina.""Uhm if I may." The girl said. "Everyone knows that Katie and I joined forces so maybe we could give our present together?""Sure, Katie can you get it?" said Neville, the head of houses wondered if this was the same shy nervous boy who they knew in class. Katie took another bulky present and handed it to Cedric.The boys opened it and found sweaters inside, one in the Hufflepuff collors and one in Gryffindor. "They're desighned for Quidditch." Explained Angelina."They have a waterrepelling charm and a warming charm on them." Continued Katie."And off course anti tear.""We hope it keeps the two of you warm and dry during the games." Blushed Katie looking at her hands."I'm certain it will. Thanks ladies." Smiled Cedric."I… thank you." Oliver said. "I promise I will wear it the next game.""You better." Threatened the two witches.Next was Terry's present who had designed a football for Dean with moving players on them. "My dad used to make those with me when I was a kid." The Ravenclaw shrugged.Yrrah found out that quite a few had worked together, more than he expected. The twins handed Snape a hand written book about prank potions they had invented and their antidotes and Neville got a simulair book on the spells the twin used and how to counter them. "So you can help yourself out." The twins chorused and Yrrah almost believed that he saw the professor smile.Padma, Susan and Hannah had teamed up to make wand holders for around the wrist made by flowers. It took a lot of work to make them, because you couldn't use any magic other than freezing charms. The three Gryffidor chasers immediately put them on, showing their individual designs to each other.The Slytherin girls brew several perfume potions, for Yrrah and Hannah. They could use it in their rooms or to shower with. The fresh smells reminded Yrrah from home.Cho had gone all out with a Chinese dress of Padma. "Us Asian girls need to stick together." Smiled the second year.Lee actually made tears appear in McGonagall eyes when she was handed a music box playing a softer versions of 'the lion sleeps tonight' before going over to the 'lion's roar' from the first aid kid.But it was Theodore who made the first person cry. "I didn't really know what to give a professor." Admitted the Slytherin shy. "So I asked professor Snape for help. He gave me two pictures so I hope I managed to get them both right."Curious pulled Black the paper away only to find a painting of him, ten or eleven years ago with a baby in his arms. The green eyes and messy hair told the teachers who it was. "Oh Sirius." McGonagall said when the first tear fell."Okay everyone, let's get a snack." Hermione said standing up together with Yrrah and Neville."We have pie and everyone could use a refil on the Coco and a bathroom break." offered Yrrah.From behind him he could hear a soft "Thank you Severus," from his favourite professor.It seemed that McGonagall knew about Theodore's talent and she gave him a set of transfigured brushes and new paint. Dean had the same idea as Theodore and handed Tracey a portret of herself with Daphne with 'best friends' written on the bottom.Yrrah and Hermione's gifts were met with disapproving looks from the teachers. They handed the twins either a large knife or a small sword with matching belt to sheath it in. Their names were written on them with 'Gred' and 'Forge'. "They're potion knifes and will always stay sharp." Yrrah said."They won't absorb the venom like a gobline knife but you can still easily injure someone with them, be careful." Warned Hermione."We will." Mumbled the twin's inspecting the hilt which was red and gold. "These must cost a fortune.""Made them myself." Said Yrrah proud. "I'm not a master at crafting yet but I hope to get my mastership next summer.""Wasn't crafting one of the powers?" asked Cho. "Do you have two like Dumbledore?""No." lied Yrrah. "The beginning takes a true crafter like my master, to form the crafted metal to a shape you need just takes magic and will power."Terry's gift was next and he received a potion book written by Snape himself with a deep analyses of the ingredient. "You have a rare talent. Don't wast it." Grumbled Snape."O my, that sounded like a compliment." Grinned Flitwick as he accepted seeds for tea from Sprout.Susan was given Chaser gloves by Oliver and Alicia gave Lee a roaring Gryffindor scarf.Hermione was given a present by Sirius, two-way mirror so she could talk with her parents at home. No-one except from the trio knew that they went to have tea with the Grangers and Neville's grandmother every Sunday after training.Neville gifted Daphne a decorated bottle with Yrrah's taste potion. He brew it himself under Yrrah's supervision.As last, Cho got a rose bottle with perfume from Cedric."This remembers me about my youth." McGonagall said, "We sat around the tree, exchanged presents… singing songs, just being around family.""While at Hogwarts your house is as your family." Quoted Sirius. "You said that on my sorting.""Every sorting." Admitted the blushing professor."I was so nervous." Grinned Cedric, "My father thougt it would be funny to convince me that we had to do something dangerous to prove ourself. I almost peed my pands.""We told Ronnikins…""That he had to fight a troll…""He believed us." Chorest the twins.Stories started to flow. From funny ones to sentimential ones shared by everyone. "Yrrah," Cedric turned to the young prince. "You've been quiet, you normally only talk about general things. Can you share a story about you growing up?"Yrrah blushed at the stares pointed at him. "I didn't do much except for training." Mumbled Yrrah."Just tell us something." Begged Tracey."Uhm, how about my winter before I was given my warrior status?" asked Yrrah, receiving approving reactions he scooted forward. "In our village, we live very down to earth. Since we don't have any contact with the 'outside world' we can't shop for food. The villagers hunt, work on the field and collect fruit.""Sounds medieval to me." Snorted Snape."It is, a little bit." Admitted Yrrah. "I mean look at my textbooks, most of them come from the founderstime. But it's home.""But you do have a tv?" asked Hermione."I do, Maeghen had some business at Gringotts and gave it to me for my birthday after she found a way to use magic as electricity. Don't know how but she did it." Said Yrrah. "Back to the story. I became a warrior when I was eight, so I must have been seven at the time. My mom wouldn't let me go outside because it was snowing and I went through some fase in which I hated shoes." Small chuckles lifted his selfconfidence up enough to continue. "My uncle had just thaught me how to fly, so I didn't see any reason why I couldn't go outside. When my mother was busy baking cookies and made my escape. I think I got as far as the edge of the forest when my grandfather noticed me.""Let me guess, he pulled you back by your ear." grinned Lee."Well not interetly. When I saw my grandfather, I knew mom was going to find out I went outside without shoes, so I quickly went deeper and deeper in the forrest. I was to scared to go back, knowing my mom would be angry. In the end I fell asleep in a tree.""You're parents must have been worried." Squacked Flitwick."Mom didn't know, dad had followed me into the forrest and didn't dare to return without me. He used a pointing spell to locate my sleeping form. He found me, magically put some shoes on me before taking me back. He instructed me to convince mom that I believed that I was allowed to go out with shoes on.""Why did he lie for you?" asked Daphne."Summerized version, I had bailed him out of trouble with my aunt just the day before." grinned Yrrah. "He wanted it to be even between the two of us.""That will do." Grinned Oliver.Cho moved a little closer to Cedric, "Yrrah, may I ask a question?""Fire away, you don't need to ask permission while we're among friends." Said Yrrah."In China, we have our own winter celebration but I celebrate the English version with my parents here. They're very different from each other. One thing they do have in common, they sing songs. Does your solstice have special songs?""Not specialy written for the occasion but we do sing." Nodded Yrrah. "Singing is very special in our village and not taken lightly. My aunt has on off the most beautiful voice. I love to hear her sing.""Are the songs written in the same language you prayed in?" asked Hannah and Yrrah nodded. "O please sing one song.""Better not. You don't want any hearing damage." Grinned Yrrah."Sing. Sing, sing sing." Pushed the group and Yrrah lifted his hands."Okay, but don't say I didn't warn you." He coughed one time before pulling his wand. Yrrah rose up as if he was conducting the song. From his wand the hills behind the village were shown, the dark sky and the twinkling stars. The ladies and children were dancing around, moving gracefully on the hand of their warriors. With a soft voice Yrrah started to sing one of his favourite songs.Melmë nóren sinanúra ala Eäro nurIlfirin nairelmaullumë nucuvalmëNauva i nauvaO môr henion i dhû:Ely siriar, êl síla.Ai! Aníron.Tiro! Êl eria e môr.I 'lîr en êl luitha 'úren.Ai! Aníron…The groupwatched in awe as Yrrah finished the last note. "That was beautiful." Whispered Susan. "But I didn't recognize the language.""Sindarin." Said Yrrah his cheeks reddening. "A language we speak in the village, I don't think that anyone speaks it outside the island.""What did you sing?" asked Daphne. "The translation?""Our love for this land, is deeper than the deeps, of the sea. Our regret is undying, yet we will cast all away, rather than submit. What should be shall be." Said Yrrah with a soft voice almost singing the words. "From darkness I understand the night: dreams flow, a star shines. Ah! I desire. Look! A star rises out of the darkness. The song of the star enchants my heart. Ah! I desire." Yrrah looked at the ground. "It's a very old song, from even before the founders. Apparently Merlin was the first to write it down but it had been voiced around the village for many years before Merlin came to live in our castle.""And the hills you showed?" asked Katie."Those are te mountains behind the village." Yrrah said."Oh I remember this time we went to my grandfather in China, he lives on top of a mountain." Cho said. "I had to climb them every day I wanted to visit a shop. It was a disaster.""I know how you feel." Said Dean. "Ever been to the Alps?"They watched a How the Grinch stole Christmas on the big screen followed by Home Alone before it was time to end the night. The teachers, with exception of Sirius, went to their own quarters, Oliver excused himself with 'I want to train in the morning'. The boys were devided over Neville's (first years) and Yrrah's room (the older years) while the first year girls slept in Hermione's room and the higher years in the living room.Most were asleep before the heads touched their pillowsSo that's it for now. Next chapter is Christmas break and Sirius will be one step closer to finding out the truth! I have the plot written but still have to go over it to check the plotline and most importantly the grammar (Dutch is my first language, German second and English third so it might take some time for me to go over it. If anyone has any advice or corrections on those two, don t hesitate to pm me or write it in a review. Please leave a review if you have any questions and I'll always try to answer them. Thank you to Lord Halcyon, QHLuver, Geekymom and Welcome007 for words of encouragement. With love,ShyLily

Disclaimer; I don't own Harry Potter.Wow, so many favs and followers, amazing!Here is the new chapter!Yrrah woke up at the regular time. Careful not to step on the twins, who almost barricaded the door, he slipped out of the room. He made sure that he didn't wake the girls as he sneaked passed them to enter the training room. Since Hermione and Neville weren't there yet, Yrrah started some stretches to warm up his muscles.Hermione was the next to enter with Neville only a minute behind her, both dressed in their training outfits.The swords were retrieved by Yrrah and they practiced on the slow moving dummies. Straight attack, Parry, Riposte, Parry, Counter riposte, Straight attach, Parry w/retreat and riposte. Even though swords were out of time here in England, the movements were similar to duelling with a wand and Godric had the theory that with the right sword you could shield yourself from even the unforgivables. Besides, it was a great way to exercise."Since this probably the last training before the break, shall we make use of this room?" asked Yrrah grinning widely, twirling his sword."What do you have in mind?" asked Hermione curious, sipping her water bottle to catch her breath. A ripple went through the room as it morphed into the picture from Yrrah's imagination."Awesome." Grinned Neville pulling his sword he had sheathed only minutes before.Yrrah didn't wait to climb on the giant pirate ship, instead he transformed his clothing in a Peter Pan outfit and changing Hermione and Neville in pirates with hat and all. "I'm never growing up." Grinned Yrrah, using the wind to fly into the air. "You can't make me!""Arh Pan, come down and fight like a man." Quoted Neville in the right accent and Hermione started laughing."Never codfish!" shouted Yrrah back.Sirius woke up from someone knocking on the door. "Yeah?" he called, rubbing his face in his pillow with a groan. Wasn't this his off day? He had been hoping on a nice sleep in."Professor?" Cedric opened the room. "We can't find Yrrah, Hermione or Neville and they warned us not to go into certain rooms…""Oh I'm up." Sirius sat up, his body protesting. Damn when did he get this old? "Give me a second to change.""Yes sir." The Hufflepuff said and he closed the door behind him.The custom professor was dressed in seconds and entered the living room. Everyone was up, still dressed in their PJ's and chatting among each other around the kitchen table. "I'll go get them." Promised Sirius, running his hand through his hair in an attempt to untangle it. "They're probably training. They do that every morning for some stupid reason."Dean blushed and looked at his hands remembering the time that he had laughed at the idea that those three were in the library in the morning. Sirius knocked at the training door once before carefully opening it, shield ready on his wand."No way." Chorus the twins who had sneaked up behind Sirius to peak at the training room.The room appeared to be a lake with in the middle an enormous pirate ship. Hermione was standing on the wooden mast, dressed in a pirate dress and a sword and dagger in her arm. Neville was dressed in a captain attire and had an eyepatch. The trio were engaged in a sword fight. One of the prince's hands was on his back as he battled of the other swords while flying around. The rest of the group slipped into the room to watch.Hermione was the first to lose her Sword and as the rules discussed, she was out. She let herself drop from the mast into the lake, treading water while observing the two boys. It was Neville vs Yrrah, with Yrrah having years of experience and Neville only four months it was over quickly.With a steady hand held Yrrah the sword against Neville's throat. "Say, I'm a Codfish.""I'm a codfish." Neville laughed."Guys." Hermione swam towards the edge. "We have an audience."The boys looked up and smiled at the others. Yrrah look Neville's arm an flew them to the group. Hermione pushed herself out and with a twirl of her wand she was dry. With a wave of Yrrah's wand, the trio was back into normal exercise outfits. "I'm sorry." beamed Hermione. "We've forgotten the time. We'll prepare breakfast after a quick shower.""What is that?" Lee asked, looking at the ship. "Where are we?""Hogwarts." Neville answered with a frown. "Are you feeling okay Lee? You do remember that you stayed the night with us.""No I know where we are!" snapped Lee jokingly. "I mean this room!""Oh our training room." Yrrah smirked. "Pretty awesome right? I got one just like it at home.""So this is where you disappeared to every morning?" asked Dean rubbing his neck.Neville nodded. "But we also worked on out mind defences and duelling. It's not fun and games every day. Yrrah can be a real drill master. We're only goofing off now because it's winter break. Normally we work on our endurance and strength.""I'm not that bad." Protested Yrrah, crossing his arms."We used to be exhausted before the day even started." Retorted Hermione. "I lived on Pepper-up potions for the first few weeks while training with you.""Not my fault you had such a low energy level." huffed Yrrah."Can we try?" Angelina asked excited.Alicia refaced that sentence. "Were you done with your training or can we join?"The trio shared a look. "Well not in those outfits." started Hermione hesitantly."But I guess I can go for a round or two after breakfast." Neville continued."I'll lay out the clothing for the boys." offered Yrrah with a look at the other two which the others started to recognize as silent comunication."I'll get some for the girls." Added Hermione."Breakfast." Finished Neville. And with that the group split off. Yrrah duplicated loose sitting clothing and ordered the boys to put them on so he could make them the right size with the help of shrinking charms and Sirius. The twins added colouring charms to get some difference between the sweats.Neville had prepared a large bowl of healthy oatmeal and added some potion. Yrrah was happily discussing magical theory with Hermione, cross-legged on the couch with the bowl between their legs and the others bravely followed their example.Their eyes became wide at the taste and suddenly everyone was enjoying their healthy meal.With their stomachs filled, they waited a half hour before making their way to the training room. Even Sirius was dressed in a sport outfit."Okay listen up." Yrrah stood in front of the group with Hermione and Neville at his sides, behind him was an obstacle course the trio ran at least one day a week. "What you see behind us is a course we normally run six times in one morning. This can be dangerous if you don't take it serious. Like broken bones and bruises serious. It test your endurance and your magic. There are tripping hexes, colouring hexes, tickle jinxes and others. Nothing that would actually hurt you but enough to make you fall if you don't go fast enough. You'll have to climb walls, crawl through small places, cross monkey bars, walk over a small balk and name it. Neville will be standing at the end of a cave. There is a boggart in there, a third year spell Ridiculus is the only thing that can defeat him. Don't be afraid to skip him if you don't feel ready to face it. As I said, usually it's for third years.""A boggart?" asked Terry slightly woried. "What's that?""A boggart is an amortal shape-shifting non-being that takes on the form of the viewer's worst fear." Explained Hermione in her teachers voice. "You can fight him of by making your fear into something laughable. An example, if your biggest fear is a mummy, unravel it, give it a makeover, just make it none scary. Picture this while speaking loud and clear ridiculous.""This teaches you to work while you're scared." Continued Yrrah. "Another challenge you will face is an Sphinx. Hermione will be stationed there. Don't worry, the Sphinx won't hurt you. She'll give you a riddle and you have to answer her. She gives you two chances before she comes after you, if you guess wrong the first time Hermione will answer and you'll be able to pass.""What if Hermione doesn't know the answer?" asked Daphne, Hermione send a small glare at her. "Not that I don't trust you.""Hermione has the riddle book. She can look it up." shrugged Yrrah. "The Sphinx will test your ability to think logically while under stress. I'll be at the end to tend to any injury you might get on the way and if you need any help, send up red sparks. Any questions?"Theo held up his hand. "Why were we doing this again?""Angelina and Alicia wanted to join our training session." Shrugged Neville. "Why not give you your own? You don't have to do anything you don't want.""Can we run it together?" asked the twins."Maybe it's better to run it in groups." Mused Hermione. "To help each other on the way?""Sure, I'll go first and see you guys at the end." Grinned Yrrah, he ran towards the monkey bars. Jumping on he swung easily to the other side, ending with a somersault. He walked over the river rocks upside down with his hands on the rocks."Now he's just showing of." Chuckled Neville jogging right after him, going over the bars with the same ease as Yrrah.Hermione shook her head, softly laughing. "We'll see you at the other side." She said following the boys."Sometimes I really hate those kids." Mumbled Sirius, feeling to old for this crap. "Really, really hate them."The train ride back to London was a quiet one. Yrrah, Hermione and Neville had their own compartment and started on their holiday homework.Lady Longbottom and the Grangers were waiting for them at the station."I will see you guy's at Yule ball." smilled Yrrah as he hugged his friends. "Three days.""It's going to be a long three days." Hermione bit her lip. "I'm going to miss you guys.""Tomorrow it's Christmas Eve and then the first day of Christmas." Emma said. "I'm sure you three are too busy with opening presents to miss each other.""We always have this option." Send Neville. "We won't actually have to miss each other.""Are you sure you'll be all right on your own, Yrrah?" asked Augusta, pulling the boy in a worried hug. "You can always stay with us. We have the room""I will be fine." Reassured Yrrah. "I'm at school and I'll be brewing most of the day. Maybe I'll go spend some time with Siri. I will see you all before at the ball or at Disney. Go celebrate your Christmas with your families. I'll be fine.""If you're sure." Dan clasped his shoulder. "Have a nice uhm… Christmas or Yule.""Thank you sir." Yrrah smiled. "And enjoy your holidays." With that he moved to the shadows and jumped back to his room. It was quiet without his friends, so he put on a Disney movie and dropped down on the couch.The day of Christmas eve was spend in the potions lab, brewing healing potions and taste potions to refill his stock which had been getting low after the training session with their friends. He send the remaining potions to Severus to check and send to the hospital wing. The potions master had been grumbling about Dumbledore's order off restocking the hospital wing during the vacation. Since he had nothing to do, Yrrah hoped that this would at least make the man less cranky during the holidays. By the time he was done, it was an hour before dinner. Looking around for something to do, Yrrah let out a groan. It was going to be a long three days.The next morning, Yrrah was surprised at the presents at the end of his bed. Even Sirius and Potters send him a Christmas gift. He thanked his lucky stars that he send small bottles with taste potions to his friends. Mainly because they all complained that they were going miss the Hogwarts kitchen, but it could easily be a Christmas present.After a few hours of training, Yrrah spend the afternoon brewing with the intent to invent something new and spend the rest of the evening with cookies, milk and movies.The second night was harder than the first and since Yrrah was getting restless in the closing walls. So when he was sure that nobody was up, he snuck out of the room.Yrrah made sure to put on a disillusiment spell, as he roamed through the halls. After a half hour of wandering, the prince decided to visit his mother's quarters, which were near the library when he heard footsteps in the hall.Quickly he dove in the nearest classroom, closing the door behind him.The classroom was abandoned, with chairs and desks pushed against the walls. In the middle of the room stood a ancient mirror. It has clawed feet and a gold frame inscribed with the phrase 'Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi', Yrrah let his finger trace the letters.When he looked into the mirror, he didn't see himself in the empty classroom. He was in the field, holding a sword, laughing and dueling with Neville and Hermione. James and Sirius were laughing with his dad and uncle Sal while grandfather Merlin stood there with a bright purple beard scowling at the prankers. Lily was seated on the ground with his mother and aunt Helga. The sun was shining and when he saw his forehead, there was no lightning bolt scar, which meant no prophecy or abandonment."I show not you face but your heart's desire." Said a voice behind him startling Yrrah. Sirius folded a piece of paper and walked over the eleven year old. "What do you see when you look in it?""My home." Whispered Yrrah, his fingers tracing over his father's face. "My mom and dad with my aunt and uncles. My grandfather. My friends." It wasn't really a surprise to see Neville and Hermione there, they had become closer than siblings these past few months. He was a little surprised to see Sirius and the Potters there. They must have mean more to him than he thought.Sirius nodded and kept the silence linger for a few seconds before asking. "I thought you went home for the holidays?"Yrrah moved his hand until it was flat on the mirror. "I can't go home." Yrrah stated miserably. "At least not until the summer.""Why not?" asked Sirius, both curious and surprised."It takes a lot of magic to travel back home." Explained Yrrah. "I would be forced to stay there until after the start of the new semester, missing the first few days off class and I would miss the Yule ball. I'll miss the theme park, I won't be able to speak with Neville and Hermione… Not even with our mind link. I miss my parents and family but it will take a while before I can go home. They understand it, I understand it but I still miss them.""I'm sorry." Sirius softly said staying silent for a heartbeat. "Wouldn't you have the same problems when you go home for the summer?""I will probably start a new master in the summer, enough work to keep me busy." Shrugged Yrrah. "And I'll return in time to recover from the trip. Might even take Neville and Hermione along for a month… I will see when the times comes.""You know, it's at times like this when I wonder how old you are." Sirius looked down at the boy."What do you mean?" asked Yrrah guarded. Even though Yrrah knew no-one could possibly know, it still made him tense up."The way you talk." Explained the professor, oblivious to the extra years Yrrah had due to the difference in time flow. "The way you accept you won't be able to return home. Even the way that you take care of yourself. It's that I know you can handle yourself but with exception of you, Neville and Hermione, I wouldn't let an eleven year old alone. Aren't your parents worried?""A bit." Admitted Yrrah before chuckling. "If my mother knew that I could stay with anyone else but refused… she would twist my ear right off. Lady Longbottom and the Grangers weren't happy about either but accepted that I knew what I was doing.""And Lily and James?""Didn't tell them." Confessed the prince. "They would offer me to spend Christmas with them… Christmas is a time for family.""I can understand that." Mumbled Sirius. "Why are you awake?""My room, our quarters." Started Yrrah. "It's silent. I've never slept alone before. My dad, he was always in the room next to me unless I was staying with a teacher but then I would share a room with my teacher, master Dimitri.""You could stay with me tonight." Offered the professor. "I don't have any family to celebrate with, it's just me and the sofa.""I don't know." Hesitated Yrrah, looking between the Sirius in the mirror and the real Sirius."It would make me feel better." Added Sirius, looking with pleading eyes. "It's just one night, you can see my quarters for once.""All right." They started to walk to the door when Yrrah turned around one more time. "Sirius, what do you see when you look in the mirror?""The same as you." Sirius placed an arm around the boy. "My family." For some reason Yrrah didn't think that the man meant his biological family, but neither did Yrrah.Sirius quarters were definitely Gryffindor. Red and gold everywhere, from the walls to the furniture. "The bathroom is through there and you can sleep on the couch." Sirius waved his wand and a pillow and a blanket were conjured. "What do you think?"Yrrah walked around grinning. "Shouldn't teachers be indifferent for the house system?""Nah." Waved the professor. "Secretly they know that Gryffindor is the best and they don't want to put the other houses down the moment teachers realizes that. But in our private quarters we are allowed to show off out true colors."Yrrah walked around for a little bit until he noticed a wax seal on the desk near a sealed envelope. "Why do you have the seal of Lord Black?" he asked, turning back to face Sirius."Because I am Lord Black." Sirius shrugged. "You didn't know?""This changes things." Mumbled Yrrah, twirling his invisible Lord ring around his finger. "I wonder if Ragnok knows…""Why does it change things?" frowned Sirius confused.Yrrah looked at his professor. "You remember that I have a guardian here in Britain just in case something happens?""Yeah…""Well, I kinda never told him he's my guardian because Ragnok said that the family is a dark one. Add that I was blood adopted before my family saved me…" the prince made sure to keep eye contact to see Sirius reaction"Please don't say it." Lord Black took a step back. "Don't you say it! I am not ready to take care of a kid. I can't even take care of myself!""I'm emancipated, you're just my next of kin." Reassured Yrrah. "It's just in case I want to vote at the Wizengamot or that I'm laying unconscious in the hospital wing which won't happen. I can take care of my own.""But… but how?" Sirius started pacing, Yrrah dropped on the couch watching in amusement. "Narcissa? No you would be appointed to Lucius. Andromeda would have taken you in, there is no reason for her to lose guardianship either. Bellatrix, possibility with her and her husband both in Azkaban. That would mean that your parents had to be very high up in the inner circle, which is not good. Bellatrix would not take anyone as her godson, unless your blood is as pure as hers. Regulus that makes the most sense, he would… do anything to make my mother happy. Other than Harry I never gave my blood for anyone. It must have been Regulus.""Relax Siri." The prince smiled. "I promise you won't even notice it. I've been here for almost four months and you never noticed it. We can continue that way.""And have Lily find out and hex my bits of." Sirius shook his head. "I may have done some stupid things in the past but I'm not that stupid. O no, you… you'll be staying here for the rest of the night and if you want to go to your quarters, you'll inform me. No secret visits to the village or something, you'll tell me when you go somewhere, and you'll have a bed time and eat your vegies…""I've been going to bed the same time for years and have a very healthy diet." comforted Yrrah, inwardly laughing at the panicked look at his guardian's face. "Besides, I'm emancipated, you can't tell me that I can't go somewhere. If you want I can tell you when I leave the castle but legally you can't do anything to stop me. Relax Sirius, nothing changed.""O yes, it changed." Lord Black threw himself next to him in the couch. "O Merlin, Lily is going to hex me…" Suddenly everything was quiet. "You know, there was one moment, just a silly thought went through my head." Sirius said. "You were scarified at Halloween, like Harry and blood adopted by a Black, like Harry.""But I'm not…" Yrrah looked apologizing at his professor. "My biological parents tried to kill me, my Grandfather saw the man talk to the Dark Lord while offering me. Besides, I'm disowned. I speak with James and Lily almost every week by owl post and they are still looking for Harry. They would never give up on their child, never. My biological parents threw me out their family.""They were idiots." Sirius stated.Yrrah snorted. "Tell me something I don't know.""Really, really stupid." Continued Sirius pulling the eleven year old to his side. "You're a great kid Y, don't you forget it."Augusta continued to fuss over Yrrah's dress robes while they were waiting for the others. The young prince had picked Hermione up from her home and they jumped together to Longbottom manor where Neville and his grandmother were waiting. They would floo to the Malfoy Mansion where the annual yule ball was held for prominent families. Off course Neville forgot something and ran up to grab it last minute."Sirius?" asked Hermione, "He's your guardian? How?""He thinks that his brother Regulus is my godfather." Yrrah shrugged. "That or my parents were pure enough for Bellatrix to be my godmother. Both were death eaters so it makes sense with my biological parents.""Bellatrix Lestrange?" Augusta asked, tensing up."Yes, she's in Azkaban, that may have been the reason she can't be my guardian." Explained Yrrah. "I'm glad she is far away from me… did I say something wrong?" Yrrah asked when Neville's grandmother left the room."You didn't." explained Neville through their mindlink as he walked down the stairs. "Bellatrix is the reason I live with my grandmother, she's the reason Gran doesn't have a son and I don't have parents.""I am so sorry Neville." Yrrah apologized while he and Hermione hugged the boy. "I didn't know… I would never brought her up if I had known she killed your parents.""They aren't death." Neville said accepting the comfort. "They were too long under the cruciatus. Their minds snapped. The healers can't do a thing."Yrrah stilled for a moment, but it was enough to get Neville's interest."What's wrong?" enquired Neville curious."My grandfather, aunt and uncle, they treated someone who had been tortured for too long, long enough for extensive nerve damage and the victim had closed himself of to his mind. They used a combination of their specialties to put him back on his feet. It took months, and the man never completely recovered but at least he could talk, walk and live a relatively normal life." Yrrah looked in Neville's eyes before speaking out loud. "I can't promise a thing, but I can try to heal them.""Can't your family…""They can't come to England." Yrrah interrupted. "I'm sorry Neville.""But they are my parents, I thought we were friends!" shouted Neville angry."And we are." Assured Yrrah, his hand on Neville's arm, squeezing the bicep. "And if I can't help them, I'll go find a way to bring them to my home. My family can't come to here, but we can take your parents to them if needed. Again, I don't know if it would change anything. I don't know if I can heal your parents, I can't promise you anything.""Please try." Lady Longbottom stood on the stairs, her hat with a stuffed vulture on her head. "Any hope is better than none. Try, and if it doesn't work out, take them to your families island. But please… try.""I will try." Promised Yrrah."We should go, or we'll miss the entry." Hermione said carefully, trying not to be insensible."Just one thing before we go." Yrrah pulled out a shrunken bag from his pocket. "It's customary to carry your house crest on a jewellery of some sort." Augusta put out her chest to show of the Longbottom neckless and Neville twisted his leather bracelet around his right wrist. "So I hoped you would be wearing the crest of the Ancient and most Noble house of Ravenclaw Hermione, and you Neville the Gryffindor and the Pendragon crest." Yrrah handed Neville another Leather bracelet with the Gryffindor crest and Hermione a neckless with the Ravenclaw crest."Yrrah, shouldn't you wear the Pendragon crest as well?" Augusta asked, looking at him."I have something else." Yrrah pulled a golden band from the bag. "It has the Pendragon crest on it but I wondered if it was too much."Lady Longbottom carefully took the golden band. "The crown jewels of Pendragon. They have been lost for centuries. Are they authentic?""I think they are." Yrrah pulled another one from the bag. "My grandfather said that Arthur wore this silver one when he was the prince and there were no official business. Would you want to wear this Neville?""I couldn't." mumbled a wide eyed Neville, blushing."It's just playing dress up." Shrugged Yrrah placing the silver one on Neville's head by standing on his tiptoes. "This is the first social gathering we have since the daily prophet announced you as my heir.""My grandson…" Augusta mumbled, dipping her eyes. "Wearing the Pendragon crest. If your parents saw you… they would be so proud.""Hermione, according to my family records, Morgana lived in castle as King Uther's foster child. She didn't wear the crest since she was not an official part of the Pendragon family. She did have a diadem to show that she was under Uther's protection. If I and Neville have to wear a band, you'll have too." Yrrah placed a silver diadem on his friend head. "There will be a lot of people staring tonight. This will give you some protection.""Thank you." Hermione smiled dreamingly. "If you told me a year ago that I would be going to a ball, in a dress topped of with a diadem and a prince I met at a school where I learned magic and friendship… I would have declared you insane. And yet, here I am, in this beautiful blue dress, with my hair tamed and ready to go to a ball with friends."Yrrah kissed her hand. "Let's go my lady."Augusta went first with Hermione who had never Floo-ed before."Shall we go my Lord?" Yrrah asked with a mocking bow."Together Your Highness." Said Neville bowing back. Luckily was Neville able to hold Yrrah on his feet when they exited the floo. "All that training and you still can't do something simple as a floo." Laughed Neville silently."At least I can…""Boys!" warned Hemione before Yrrah could finish his sentence. "Behave.""Come on Children." Lady Longbottom called. "We'll be announced soon.""Lady Augusta Longbottom, head of the Ancient and Noble house of Longbottom." A voice called out. "Prince Neville Frank Longbottom Gryffindor, scion heir to the ancient and noble house of Longbottom. Scion to the ancient and most noble house Gryffindor and heir to the most ancient and most noble house Pendragon." Neville smiled at his friends before hurrying over to his grandmother to give her an arm. Mumbled voices reached them in the entrance hall. "Lady Hermione Jane Granger Ravenclaw, scion to the ancient and most noble house Ravenclaw.""Walk with me Yrrah?" asked Hermione."Always.""Grand Prince Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon, Head to the most Ancient and most Noble house of Pendragon, Heir to the throne of magic."Yrrah made sure that he had a good grip on Hermione's arm as they walked to the entrance balcony. The room was huge, with a stairway leading to the dance floor. A giant chandelier hang from the ceiling making it look like the ballroom from Disney's Beauty and the Beast.Both friends agreed with that comparison."Prince Pendragon, Lady Ravenclaw." Lucius Malfoy waited at the bottom of the stairs with his wife to welcome his guests. "We're delighted that you graced us with your presence.""Lord and Lady Malfoy." Yrrah made a small bow of the head while Hermione curtsied the way Daphne taught her. "We thank you for your kind invitation.""Off course, how could we not invite Draco's friends." Narcissa said, curtsying in return."I beg your pardon?" asked the prince confused."Draco writes about your study sessions and the games you play." Lucius stated proud. "We're very glad he made friends at school. Draco has been a very lonely child.""Lord Malfoy, I'm a bit confused." Admitted Yrrah. "I haven't exchanged a word with your son for months. In the first few weeks he was too busy insulting me to even recognize my status. We do have study sessions in the library who are open to every student but Draco never attended them. If I may very frank my Lord. Your son has to learn to watch before he speaks. He called me a mudblood, but I'm the heir of several houses. He called Lord Longbottom who had trouble focussing magic through his wand a squib but it was just his wandless ability that hindered him in his focussing. Both times could have ended in hostility between houses. He's my age so I understand, but he should make sure that when he insults someone, that he has the facts straight.""I will have a talk with him my Lord." Lucius said stiffly. "May I apologize for my son's behaviour?""We're just children." waved Yrrah off. "I don't blame you or him.""Thank you my Lord." Narcissa bowed again. "Please, don't let this ruin your evening. There are refreshments served at the table.""Lord Malfoy, Lady Malfoy." After another bow Yrrah guided Hermione away from their hosts and towards Neville."You know," started Hermione. "It's really easy to forget that you were raised as royalty.""That talk was all Neville." chuckled Yrrah softly. "My family left England for the island centuries ago remember? If I had followed my dad's example, Draco would have been called out in a duel the first time he insulted a Lady in my present. It would have ended in a freud between Malfoy and Pendragon with Draco's head on a stick.""Sometimes I miss the old ways." Sighed Augusta making the kids look up to her surprised and slightly scared."Right." Mumbled Neville, "Hermione, would you care for a dance?"Hermione beamed as she gave her hand to Neville."And Lady Longbottom, may I have the pleasure as well?" Yrrah asked holding out his hand."I would be delighted." The two moved gracefully over the dancefloor. "You are a very good dancer, who taught you?""Neville and Daphne." Yrrah said. "They've been teaching us the old ways, including dancing.""They taught you well." She complemented, she watched Neville and Hermione swept over the floor with ease. "I have said it many times before but you and Miss Granger brought the best out of my grandson.""Neville is a great and loyal friend." Yrrah said. "We didn't do anything, we just accepted each other. Like he accepted me and Hermione. We all come from three different places and have very different childhoods. I am forever grateful for the way they accepted me."Neville and Yrrah switched partners after one song. Yrrah and Hermione were partners during the dancing lessons so they were graceful in their steps.A finger tapped his shoulder. "May I cut in?""James!" both children jumped in an embrace with the man."I better get one of those too." Lily said with a smile."I thought you wouldn't come back to England until tomorrow morning." Hermione grinned.Yrrah looked accusing. "You didn't tell me you came earlier in your letter.""We wanted to surprise you three." Lily said looking around uncomfortable. "So here we are on a ball at Malfoy Manor. Surrounded by pureblood fanatics.""Well, we better make the most of it." Yrrah grinned taking Lily's hand. James took Hermione to the dancefloor.They danced a lot that night. The friends whose parents were either important members in the ministry or purebloods community were present that night and while they normally danced in the weekends as practice this was different. More official.Sirius had arrived. He and James had looked confused at each other, pointed at a oblivious Yrrah before shrugging and nodding with a smile. It took a while before Yrrah noticed how his guardian and the Potters steered the guests away from the children. Not just the three friends but the other children too.Yrrah was glad to hand Daphne's hand over to Theodore and quickly moved to the side before someone else pulled him back on the dancefloor. His feet were killing him. He found a seat next to window and leaned against the glass.James materialised next to him. "Enjoying yourself?" he asked with a smirk. "I had no idea you and Neville were so loved with the ladies, even Slytherin.""I'm eleven." Yrrah said as he playfully shoved the man. "We're just study together. Every day after class we come together in the library to do our homework, I wrote you about it, didn't I?""You did." James grinned. "I'm just teasing you. So, I was wondering… would you mind if… uhm… if Padfoot came with us tomorrow? If you don't want to I understand with him being your professor and all. But you know, I thought he would like it. He has never been to an amusement park so I wanted…""Off course," shrugged Yrrah, he took two buttlebeer from the house-elf and passed one to James. "Hermione's parents and Neville's gran is coming along too, why shouldn't my guardian be allowed?"James spit out his butter beer. "Guardian?""Yeah, I did tell you that my guardian came from a dark family. Lord Black is my guardian, funny how things go. You should have seen the panic on his face when I told him." The prince chuckled."I imagine." James laughed. "And maybe I'm pushing my boundries a little bit but Moony? It would be nice to have the old gang together.""It's not my decision, you know that right?" Yrrah said. "You can take along whoever you want.""You're his boss, if you're uncomfortable with it…" James voice died out."I only met him once." Shrugged the boy. "I don't have any problems him but run it pass Sirius first.""I will." promised James.A girl walks up to them, giving him a polite curtsy. "My Lord… Your highness, I.. I am Ast… Lady Astoria Greengrass, Scion of the Ancient and Noble house of Greengrass.""You're Daphne's sister," Yrrah said, bowing back in accordance to his own customs with a hand on his heart. "Well met my Lady, I am Yrrah.""Astoria." The girl smiled back shy. "My big sister told me a lot about you, she told me you're blessed by magic. Is this true?"James snorted when he saw Yrrah's blush. "Now, I have a wife who is looking very lonely on the dance floor, I better swoop in so the two of you can talk.""Betrayer." Grumbled Yrrah before he turned to the nine year old. "Your sister told you I have elemental abilities?" Yrrah asked, and the girl's eyes widened. "She did not." Concluded the prince."No, she told me you're a very strong wizard." Astoria said. "You're an elemental?""Astoria." Daphne strode over. "What did I tell you about bothering Yrrah?""Not to." Mumbled the girl, tears gathering in her eyes. "I'm sorry.""Doesn't matter, you want to dance?" Yrrah asked extracting his hand.Astoria blushed and took the offered hand. "I would really like too." Yrrah lead as best as he could but the girl was still young and had much to learn about moving gracefully.When the song ended, Yrrah bowed and kissed her hand. "Have a pleasant evening my Lady."The only response he got was nervous giggling before Daphne's sister ran off to her parents. "You probably made her Christmas." Drawled Daphne. "That was very nice of you.""It was no problem." said Yrrah. "This was actually a nice evening but my feet are killing me.""Shall we go?" asked Neville as he walked up to the Gryffindor and Slytherin. "We have a long day of walking tomorrow.""What are you going to do tomorrow?" asked Daphne curious, pushing her hair back over her shoulder."Muggle amusement park." said Neville with a grin. "We've been there when we had the weekend of after Halloween but we only saw parts of the park so we decided to go back after Christmas.""Muggle." Sneered Daphne and suddenly Yrrah saw the pureblood witch shining through. "Well, I hope you have a nice time." She started to walk back to her family but changed her mind and turned around. "Y, Nev, I love the headwear."They rescued Hermione from Sirius and said goodbye to the Potters. The trio would stay at Longbottom manor for the night, Hermione's parents had left to spend today and the night in Paris together and would meet the group at Disneyland. James and Lily promised to floo over in the morning with Sirius and Remus.After saying their goodbyes and thanks to their hosts, they took the floo home. Neville guided his two friends to the guest rooms prepared by the house-elf. Yrrah barely had time to remove his dress robes and his family crests before he dropped on his bed in a deep sleep.A tongue wiped his face, efficiently waking Yrrah up. "Yuck, gross." He complained swiping the salavia from his face.The tongue belonged to a huge black dog who changed into his custom professor."That was so uncalled for." Complained Yrrah while wondering how he didn't waken up when Sirius entered but then remembered that he hadn't set any wards around his room. Silently he prayed that none of his family had been checking up at him otherwise there would be hell to pay."This is the first time I manage to surprise you, let me have my fun too." Pouted Sirius. "Hermione and Neville are getting ready. Breakfast will be served in a few minutes."By the time Yrrah made his way down, there was a tense silence at the table. Remus sat next to Sirius with the two Potter's across of them, none of them talking or even looking at each other. Neville and Hermione were mentally discussing which ride they wanted to go on first."I don't care which ride we go on first," said Yrrah out loud. "but I claim a seat next to my guardian in the tower of terror.""I want to go with dad!" grinned Hermione."I would like to go with gran but I don't see that happening." Neville stated with a shy look at his grandmother who shook her head. She had heard enough from Neville to never step in one of those muggle rides. But that doesn't mean she wouldn't want to spend the day with her grandson and his friends. "We can place the adult around us.""O no, I'm taking that ride together with old Moony here." Said James. "Sirius? How are you on thrill rides?"The professor got a determent look on his face. "Bring. Them. On.""That will leave you and me to sit and watch." Said Lily to Augusta."If I believe Neville stories, the looks of this Disney park at itself should be enjoyment enough." Said Augusta. "I can't wait to get a photograph with these magic muggle figures. I believe everyone has finished his breakfast, shall we depart?""Great idea." James said, he pulled out a long robe. "If everyone wants to get a hold of this." Everyone gathered around the Potter Lord. "Disney."It didn't take long before a hyper Sirius and a nervous Remus were strapped in on either side of Yrrah. James was seated on the other side of Remus with Neville next to him. Hermione was seated between her parents who had waited at the entrance for the magicals to arrive.They were the first to enter the park so two of the three remaining marauders had no idea what the ride was. "It's fine Moony," assured James. "We're just going up so you can over see the whole park.""O, that will be handy for when we walk around." Said Remus looking around eagerly.Sirius however, noticed the excided look in Yrrah's eyes. He looked down at the smirking Lily. "Uh, why would be secured by a belt if we're just going up?""We're slowly going up." Grinned Neville."But nobody ever said how we're going down." Added Yrrah and at that moment they fell down. The three kids, James and the Grangers screamed but with a laugh. Sirius and Remus screamed with fear, their hands grasping the bars. Yrrah reached out, placing his hand on Sirius one and felt more than saw the marauder take it.They stumbled out the ride, all laughing and chatting about the upcoming rides and Yrrah knew that whatever happened between the marauders, this day was a big step in mending the broken friendship.So that's it for now. Next chapter Yrrah will finally find out the truth! I know some of you have been asking me when but I promise, next chapter Yrrah will find out. Once again I have the plot written but still have to go over it to check the plotline and most importantly the grammar. If anyone is intrested in proofreading or helping me, please send me a pm. I've been asked if it is going to be a H/Hr story, to be honest I don't know yet. The forth member of the prophecy is going to be a girl aswel, a certain blond Ravenclaw. I am planning on pairing within the prophecy. So if you have a preference, let me know and why. I promise I will take it into account. Please leave a review if you have any questions and I'll always try to answer them in the author's note. Thank you to Hericus C, QHLuver, Geekymom, WhiteEagle1985, Wrighting'GIRL3000, lilashannah, DarkRavie and Welcome007 for words of encouragement.With love,ShyLily

Disclaimer; I don't own Harry Potter.Wow, so many favs and followers, amazing!Here is the new chapter!Sirius was holding a sleeping Yrrah in his arms as he made his way up to his private chambers in the castle.It had been Remus' idea to bring the children home instead of spending the night at Potter manor. The werewolf had noticed the grieving face Lily had when she saw James running after the three children and how her hand was almost breaking the locket she wore around her neck because she was holding it too tightly. The locket had a piece of Harry's hair and a baby picture in it, telling Remus what was bothering his friend. When he asked Lily if they wanted the night for themselves she had nodded but hadn't said a word.Remus had carried Neville to Longbottom Manor and Dan took Hermione, leaving Sirius to take care of Yrrah."I don't want to prank uncle Sal again." grumbled Yrrah moving slightly in Sirius' arms. "He's going to use me as potion ingredients dad."Sirius chuckled. "Don't worry, I won't let anyone turn you into potion ingredients.""Hmm." Yrrah nuzzled his cheek into Sirius' chest.The teacher looked around in his chambers. He didn't want Yrrah to sleep on the couch again so he went to his office. He rarely used it since he spend most of his time in the Pendragon chambers with the three kids.With a few waves of his wand and transfiguration spells, the room was now holding a bed, closet and a nightstand. Picking Yrrah up from the couch, he placed the small boy in the bed. He slipped of Yrrah's shoes and debated if he should change the boy into pajama's but he remembered the hidden knives the prince carried on him and the spells protecting his armory under his normal clothing so Sirius decided to let him be and only tuck the boy in in.Brushing the light brown hairs from the child eyes, Sirius frowned when he noticed the lightning bold scar. The constant reminder of what the death eater parents had done to Yrrah. "Sweet dreams." He whispered before walking away from the bed. The marauder stood in the door opening for a few minutes, watching his charge sleep and wondering if the warm feeling in his heart would be similar as he would have felt if he had the chance to have sleep overs with Harry. Sirius closed the door behind him, suddenly understanding what Lily felt today.Neville nervously guided Yrrah and Hermione through St. Mungo's, his gran following behind. School would start the day after tomorrow so they were cutting it a little close but the rest of the vacation had gone by so quickly.After the ball at the Malfoy's and Disney, there had only be a week left and Neville and Hermione spend the first few days visiting family before celebrating New Year at the Grangers."This is it." Sighed Neville stopping before the door. Hermione moved over to take his hand, feeling the unease through the shared mind link. She squeezed, trying to comfort him."I could go in alone if you want to." Offered Yrrah, not really sure how to proceed."No, I can do this." Neville pushed the door open and walked in, still holding Hermione's hand. Yrrah moved slowly towards the bed, erupting privacy wards to make sure he wouldn't be interrupted. The young warrior then placed his hand on Neville's mother Alice's arm and pulled up one eyelid to see the brown eye. The same warm brown as Yrrah's brother. A white light flared up where Yrrah's hand touched Alice and stayed while Yrrah stared unblinking in the opened eye.Augusta looked worried but kept her silence.A few minutes passed by and Yrrah never moved until the light dimmed. The prince fell backwards only to be caught by Neville."Yrrah!" exclaimed the two friends worried"I'm okay." Mumbled Yrrah rubbing his prickling eyes and straightening up. "I'm fine.""What happened?" asked Augusta.Yrrah smiled. "I spoke with your daughter in law." He explained. "She's still in there, alive and sane, but scared and weak." His smiled dimmed. "I don't think I can get her out by myself, I never done it before. I need help from my grandfather and aunt, and possibly my mom.""But she's… she can be…" Neville stuttered, looking from his mother to his grandmother to Yrrah and back."With time and the right help, yes I think she will be conscious." Nodded Yrrah, squeezing Neville's shoulder. He then realized he had to make some things clear to his friend. "However, it's not a wonder cure. She'll have to work hard on her recovery and even then, she'll always have certain limits. She asked about you."Neville blinked a few times. "Me?""She asked me if I knew what happened to her baby." Yrrah confided. "I told her he grew up strong and powerful, with help from his grandmother."Neville hugged Yrrah fiercely, hiding his face in the crook of the warrior's neck. Yrrah could feel the wetness of the tears."Thank you." Augusta whispered, wiping her own eyes."But how do we get Neville's parents to your island?" asked Hermione carefully. "Are you going to wait until the summer?""I think I might get them there sooner but I'll need to contact my grandfather." Mussed Yrrah, thinking. "But that might be more difficult that we think.""What do you mean?" Augusta asked, already preparing to get her son and daughter in law out the hospital.Yrrah released Neville and turned to the Lady Longbottom. "There are only two ways to contact my family. The first is leaving a message at Gringotts and hoping that someone from the island needs something from the main land, but a year could go by and they probably wait until they have to get me before travelling to England. Or we might be lucky enough that they are watching me in the mirror right now and send someone.""It there no other way?" asked Neville."You know that my home is an exact copy from Hogwarts?" reminded Yrrah, he waited until the two first year nodded. "There is one object that could send a message to my grandfather and for sure get an immediate response. The sorting hat. But I… we'll need to be alone into the headmaster's office without him asking any questions.""Leave that to me." Ordered Augusta, her eyes calculating. "I will get you in that office the first night back but I might need some help from the Grangers, and perhaps the Potters.""I bet Sirius would be willing to help too." Hermione said looking sideways to Yrrah who nodded."I will leave the planning to you guys during dinner tonight, I'll cook." Offered Yrrah. "I don't care how you make it happen. As long as I have five minutes alone with the sorting hat.""Don't you worry about it." Augusta said. "I would even go as far as stealing that hat if it gives me back my Frank and Alice."The three children agreed that Lady Longbottom probably would and Neville moved to the bed to kiss his mother's cheek. "It's going to be okay mom. You're going to be okay."Later at night, Augusta was speaking softly with Lord and Lady Potter, Lord Black and the Grangers. Sirius had been surprised by the dinner invitation but had accepted without hesitation. Namely because he heard that the trio would be behind the stove. Or Neville would be behind the stove and Yrrah and Hermione would take orders from the timid Gryffindor.According to Yrrah, the recipe had come from an old dwarf who his grandfather had met when he visited a kingdom many miles away from the castle. Valin's spiced Beef had been one of the many meals the village shared when it turned winter in Myth, served with veggies, noodles and rice.Desert was a simple yoghurt with a few drops of Yrrah's potion which some of the adults didn't have the pleasure tasting before.Even though the kids went to bed early, the preparations for their return and more important speaking with the sorting head went deep into the night.To keep up the illusion that the train was the only way to and from Hogwarts for the students, the trio took the train.At the Platform, they weren't surprised to see James and Lily had come to wave them off. The group gathered attraction from the old families, but fortunately they weren't bothered by nosey questions."We're are you going next?" asked Yrrah looking at the Potters."Albania." Answered James. "There are rumors about a wrath living in the forest. We believe it might have a connection to Voldemort.""But we'll be back before the next quidditch match." Said Lily, leaning against her husband."We wouldn't miss it for the world." Added James. "And please write us the moment you get the message from your grandfather. Alice is Harry's godmother, she's Lily's best friend, a good friend. If there is anything we can do…""I will." Promised Yrrah. Hugs were passed around and the kids joined their friends into an enlarged compartment, complements to Cedric.The group could see that something in Neville had changed during the break and naturally it was Tracey who breached the subject."I got some good news that has to be kept silent for a little while until we're absolutely sure it will work." Grinned Neville. "We'll tell you when we get news.""If there is anything we can do mate." Offered Terry but Neville shook his head."Thanks but my gran has a fail proof plan." stated the Longbottom heir. "So anyone willing to bet if the castle survived the twins this Christmas?""Losers bet." Drawled Daphne. "I'm more curious about this muggle amusement park you went to. What was it like?"Hermione pulled out a picture book from her bottomless bag. Augusta and Lily had taken enough pictures during the children's stay both Halloween and Christmas to fill it up. "This was the first time we visited and in the back of the album the second time."The album was passed around and the purebloods from the group asked all kind of questions about the different rides the pictures showed.In the end it was Susan who asked the question Yrrah had been expecting but maybe not from a student. She pointed at a picture of James and Sirius, both laughing and eating a hotdog. "You three got Lord Potter and Professor Black together. How did you do that?""Well since grandma is a little to old, Lily and James came with me as my godparents." Neville explained. "I guess you heard the howler Dumbledore got from her after the troll incident. And I think that Yrrah can explain best how Sirius came involved.""Well, Lily took us to the park after Halloween," Yrrah continued. "She had been planning on visiting for a long time but they never found the time. The park was too big to see it all in one day so we agreed to return during the Christmas break this time with Hermione's parents and Neville's gran. My parents could, obviously, not go with us and I had yet to inform my guardian of his new status. Then I accidently found out that since my first guardian is probably death or in prison, we're still unclear on that, the guardianship automatically goes to…" he looked at Daphne."The head of house." Filled the girl in."Professor Black failed to mention that he had a second title, namely Lord Black." Grinned Yrrah. "After finding out, I stayed with him before the yule ball and James invited him along since Mione's and Nev's guardians came along too.""And who is that?" asked Hannah pointing at a picture of the three marauders."Well, he's the man I employed to go through the mail." mentioned the young prince. "Apparently he was the third member of James and Sirius group of prankers. Small world.""Yeah." Mumbled Padma. "Real small.""We should go at the end of the summer vacation." Suggested Yrrah. "To the park I mean. I return to England a week or two before we have to return to Hogwarts.""My father would never allow me to mingle with muggles." Daphne said but Yrrah was certain there was a little bit regret in her voice. Tracey and Padma both nodded."Even if it's a joined belated birthday celebration of Prince Neville Frank Longbottom Gryffindor, scion heir to the ancient and noble house of Longbottom, scion to the ancient and most noble house Gryffindor and heir to the most ancient and most noble house Pendragon and His Royal Highness, Grand Prince Yrrah Myrddin Arthur Pendragon Gryffindor Ravenclaw, Head of the most ancient and most noble house Pendragon, Grand Duke of England, Head of the ancient and most noble house Gryffindor, Duke of Hogwarts North, Head of the ancient and most noble house Ravenclaw, Duke of Hogwarts South, Heir to the throne of magic." Asked Neville knowing fully well how Daphne's father thought. "I heard it will be the event of the year, Lord Black, Lord Potter and the Scion heir to the Ancient and Noble house Diggory are just a few names of those on the very exclusive invitation list.""Well if you put it like that." Daphne smirked. "I taught you well.""You sure did." Said Cedric sarcastic. "But since when is Yrrah Lord Gryffindor and Ravenclaw?""Where did you think we got our titles from?" asked Hermione. "Yrrah put us under his house protection so we could stay in the private quarters.""It's actually from one blood line." Yrrah semi-lied. "According to our family history, Arthur adopted Godric and helped him with his magic. When Godric in return adopted a child, named Yrrah, that child was brought into the castle and saw Rowena as his mother. A few years later, Rowena made it official by magical adoption. I'm a descended from this family.""Wow." Mumbled Terry. "Why did this never come up in class?""All this happened after the founders disappeared." Explained Yrrah. "The founders left Hogwarts and started a new live on the same lands I grew up on.""So much knowledge, hidden away." Sighed Hermione. "I hope you can take me to your home next summer, if your parents allow it.""We'll see." Mussed Yrrah as the train slowed down.Neville kept glancing at the head table during dinner, wondering when his grandmother would come into action and whether it would be today or the next. The group sat at the Gryffindor table where they listened to the twins telling all about the Christmas pranks they pulled. To many surprises, Dean and Theodore joined them for dessert. Cedric rose and collected up Cho from the Ravenclaw table to join them too."Guys." Parvati, Padma's twin, and Lavender sat down too. "I, well we, wanted to apologize for our behavior at the beginning of school." Said Parvati. "Especially to you Hermione. It wasn't fair to treat you that way."Yrrah looked at Hermione and telepathically asked if it was okay. A tiny nod was the answer and Yrrah handed Hermione a vial most people started to recognize, several cups were held out in front of Hermione and she gave a drip to everyone."A peace offering." Hermione said raising her cup of water with a drip of the taste potion. "For the courage of a Gryffindor to admit your mistakes.""The wisdom of a Ravenclaw to realize you were wrong." Added Terry holding his cup up."The cunningness of a Slytherin to realize what a good ally can do for you." Tracey said also lifting hers."And the friendship of a Hufflepuff we hope to give you in return." Offered Susan.Hermione smiled, knowing that most of the great hall was watching the growing group. "You can always join us in the library if you want and even if you don't, you are always welcome to sit with us with dinner or hang out with us on the weekends. When you deside not to, we will not hold it against you Miss Brown and Miss Patil. As long as you know, you're welcome."The two girls were overwhelmed as they sipped their drinks, their wide eyes only getting wider. "Chocolate!" "Mom's lemonade!""They will taste the same as the drink you desire the most." Explained Neville. "To friendship.""To friendship."Sirius watched from the head table, raising his cup slightly and smiling to himself.Later that night, the trio had a promise to fulfill. Armed with raw meat, Yrrah jumped to the third floor, bringing his friends along for the ride.They immediately started to scratch behind Fluffy's ears. Hermione laid down on her stomach on the large neck, making sure to scratch the good spots."Did you get enough to eat during Christmas?" asked Neville worried, looking at the empty food and water bowl. "I knew we should have come back sooner.""Aw Neville do you really have so little faith in me?" asked Yrrah, sending a pout at his friend."Little human brought us food." The middle head said happily.The left nodded. "He's been very kind, but he doesn't scratch as good as you little human 'Mione.""I do my best." Smiled the girl, crawling to the shoulder for an extra good spot. "So did you have a nice Christmas? Did Hagrid bring you a gift?""Master did not visit but little humans did. Almost ate them." The right growled.That peaked the trio's interest. "Do you know which color their ties were?" asked Yrrah carefully."We do not see colors." The middle said with a clear 'duh' in his voice."But I know they're after what Master wants us to hide." Left said with a little growl in his voive."He wants us to protect yet he has betrayed us by speaking about our weakness." Whined the right sadly."And the old one." The left complained. "I do not trust the old one. He smells too sweet. He's used the weakness to get past us.""Do you want us to take what you protect away? Keep it safe from the old one?" offered Yrrah.There was a silence before the Cerberus stepped aside to show a trapping door. "As long as you keep bringing us food little humans." Whined the middle head."I'll go first." Yrrah offered but before he could move, Neville had already jumped down. Closely followed by Hermione. "Figures."Yrrah let himself drop and was caught by something soft. Almost immediately after Yrrah dropped, Neville and Hermione produced flames and the underground slithered away. "Devil's snare." answered Neville in response to an unanswered question and Yrrah nodded.The whole 'obstacle course' was a joke. Yrrah simply used the air to fly up to catch the key, Hermione gladly blew up the king of the chess pieces, Neville then knocked out the already sleeping troll with its own club and Yrrah simply bended the flames so they could pass."The mirror." Yrrah whispered. He had told his friends about the mirror he discovered during Christmas, but when he returned to the room to show it to his friends, the mirror was gone."I see myself, standing with all our friends." Hermione said softly. "We're laughing, having fun."She stepped aside and pulled Neville to her spot. Neville blinked, his eyes wide. "My mom is hugging me from behind." Neville whispered and he moved his fingers to his shoulder. "My dad squeezes my shoulder, he looks so proud. Next to me… my godbrother, Harry, he looks so much like James, we found him, he's okay."Hermione pulled her friend in a hug and Yrrah stepped in front of the mirror. He saw the same as before, his family but this time he held up a stone and put it in his pocket.Yrrah grinned. "I think I got it, let's leave." Taking Neville's and Hermione's hand, they went back to Fluffy before returning to their room.The next morning, the trio went to breakfast as normal but their morning was disrupted by raised voices. Augusta and Lily were both standing with their arms crossed over their chest clearly cross with Dumbledore for some reason."It is clear that our letters have had no use so we came to Hogwarts ourselves." Lily said with an angry undertone. "At first the troll, then the cursed broom and now I hear from our children that the third corridor is closed for those not wishing to die a painful death?""Did you even think of informing the parents and guardians that you're keeping something hidden here at Hogwarts?" asked Augusta challenging. "Who in his right mind tells a child not to do something? I bet that most of them see it as a challenge.""Ladies, there is no reason to worry." Pacified Dumbledore. "But first let us continue this conversation in my office.""I want my grandson to be present." Argued Augusta. "Knowing our children, they already visited the corridor."Yrrah, Neville and Hermione at least had the dignity to look ashamed and pretended to turn around to walk away.'Unfortunately', Lily had noticed them. "Boys, Hermione," she called out and the trio halted in their steps. Slowly they turned around to face a grinning Lady Potter. "Follow us to the Headmaster's office. Sirius, you too."The animagus had just entered the room for breakfast and blinked confused. "Wait, what did I do?""Black, Headmasters office now." Ordered Lily.Sirius nodded. "Yes Ma'am, I'll be right… wait, I'm not a student anymore… and you're not a teacher, I am. You can't tell me what to do."Lily held up three fingers. "I count to three and you better be on your way. One… Two...""Come children." Sirius placed a hand on Hermione's and Neville's shoulders. "I do not want to know what happens when she gets to three and we're not moving."Yrrah fell in step next to Lily and her arm immediately wrapped around Yrrah's shoulder, pulling they boy close.The group entered the headmasters office. "Now, what can I do for you?" asked Dumbledore as he sat down behind his desk with his trademarked grandfather smile and twinkling eyes."I want to know what life threatening thing you have hidden on the third floor." demanded Lily."Fluffy isn't dangerous." argued Hermione. "He just wants a little attention.""Who is this Fluffy?" asked Augusta."Fluffy is a three headed dog grandma." explained Neville, he immediately regretted the words when he noticed the two ladies pale. Apparently they hadn't know that the trio had met the Cerberus. "He wouldn't hurt a fly. You always taught me to never judge something on the outside.""The Cerberus is one of Hagrid's pets." stated Dumbledore. "And like Mr. Longbottom said he is harmless.""Then I want to see that for myself." decided Lily, crossing her arms. "Dumbledore, you are bringing us to the third floor to see this 'pet' for ourselves."The trio shared looks and Hermione nodded. "I'll come with you." offered Hermione, moving over to Lily and Augusta.Sirius let out a dramatic sigh. "Again with those stairs." he mumbled. "I will wait here with Yrrah and Neville. I'm not doing all those stairs again.""Follow me ladies." the headmaster stood up. Hermione took Yrrah's backpack in which he quickly conjured a few steaks for their hairy friend.The moment the door closed, Yrrah snapped his fingers and the paintings froze. He then turned to the sorting hat. "Young prince." greeted the hat. "What can I do for you?""We need to talk." announced Yrrah before biting his lip. He did trust Sirius and Neville but he wanted to talk to his grandfather. "In private." Yrrah carefully lifted the ancient object and put it on his head, smiling one last time at Neville before the hat covered his eyes."Yrrah, how are you?" asked Merlin's voice now they had privacy."I miss home but other than that I'm doing fine." promised the boy. "How are things at home?""Quiet since you left." admitted the ancient wizard. "Most days are spend around or at least near the mirror. We approve of your chosen friends and are impressed with the way you united the houses. Your mother wanted me to give you an earful about the Troll but since time is short, we will just tell her I did it. There is only one thing I need to know, are you ready for your friend to know? This will mean that by the time summer comes around, Neville would want to come to see his parents.""I trust them." answered Yrrah with confidence. "I was thinking of bringing them to visit anyway in the summer.""I will send Onur with maybe another warrior to collect you." decided Merlin. "Most likely it's going to be just Onur since you can bring them back without Onur needing to recover. You'll have to recover in Myth time and when you return I want you to take an extra three days resting in your rooms before you return to classes. Agreed?""Okay." nodded Yrrah. "I guess I see you in a few days?""We'll be waiting." promised Merlin.Yrrah quickly said his goodbyes and removed the hat. Neville was looking at him with pleading eyes. "My uncle will start the brewing of the potions tomorrow morning. In a few days, when the potions are done, one of my former teachers will come and get me. He'll figure out an excuse to take me out of school. Together we'll bring your parents to my home where I'll spend a few days assisting my aunt, getting your parents settled. When I come back I probably need a few days of rest before I can get back to school. Hopefully by the time I return home for the summer, we'll see an improvement.""Thank you." chocked Neville, embracing his friend tightly. "You have no idea what this means."Sirius unfroze the paintings and kept a silent vigil while Neville and Yrrah communicated silently.When the headmaster arrived and asked why Mr. Longbottom looked distraught, Sirius claimed that he gave the boys a stern talking too about visiting the third floor. Nobody noticed Lady Longbottom drying her eyes when Neville gave her the thumbs up.The next few days was Neville a nervous wreck. Augusta had taken her son and daughter-in-law from the hospital for 'an experimental treatment on the mainland' and it was now a waiting game.On Thursday at breakfast, Onur entered the Great Hall. "My Prince." he took a knee before Yrrah, which immediately silenced the hall and made the tables turn. "Your father has requested for you to return home, your grandfather has fallen ill.""Thank you Onur, I will come with you right away." Yrrah made the official greeting, fist on his heart and a bow before he walked up to the head table. "I have been summoned home due to my grandfather's illness. I will return when I'm certain of his recovery.""Mr. Pendragon, you're not a healer, I don't see any benefit of you returning home." Protested Dumbledore."He is head of my mother's house." Said Yrrah cold. "It is a paternal house and my mother is an only child, if he were to die I'll have to take his place as Lord of his house. That means I have to be there to make arrangements in case the worse happens."Having said that, Yrrah turned around and left the great hall, only stopping to pat Neville on the shoulder and sharing a nod with Hermione.Onur grabbed Yrrah's hands and Yrrah jumped the moment they were out of view.Augusta didn't say much when Yrrah arrived at the Longbottom mansion. She said her goodbyes to her son and daughter-in-law and tearfully asked Yrrah to take care of them."I will." Promised Yrrah. "I'll return in a few days, I will know more then." Yrrah holds Alice, charming her to be featherlight, while Onur shouldered Frank and touched Yrrah's shoulder.A flash later, Lady Longbottom was alone.Yrrah was propped up against his father's side in the hospital wing, watching the rest of the family work on Neville's parents. Godric kept running his arm over his son's shoulder. "I'm so proud of you." He whispered into Yrrah's hair."I missed you." Admitted Yrrah, soaking up the love his father gave him. Godric pressed his lips against the top of Yrrah's head and tightened his grip.Yrrah had spent quality time with each member of family and paid a visit to the village. He also went horse riding, played with Éowyn and exploring in the forest. To Yrrah, this was the vacation he had missed during the winter break.Sadly, their time was short and a week flew past. The morning that Yrrah would return to earth, he visited Neville's parents."They are aware but their muscle function is still poor." Explained Helga. "They understand what we're saying but aren't able to talk back. They blink once for yes and twice for no."Yrrah nodded that he understood. "Could you give me a minute with them?" asked the child, his aunt's answer was a kiss on his forehead and she left the room, closing the door behind her. Yrrah sat down on Alice's bed and took her hand. "Hello, my name is Yrrah, Neville is my best friend. I want you to know that he's very brave and smart. I'll go back to Hogwarts and the next time I get back, I'll bring him with me, okay?"The woman teared up and blinked once. Yrrah felt the hand he was holding squeeze him gently. He asked a few questions, which were answered by blinking.This time, the goodbyes were a little easier. Yrrah knew what lay ahead and since it was February, it was only four months until he returned home, to Myth."Stay safe." Whispered Rowena while her arms held her son tight. "And keep your friends close. They are good for you, you glow."Godric held his hand on Yrrah's shoulder until it was time to leave. The moment Yrrah felt the warm hand disappear he made the jump to Earth.Yrrah ended up in the living room of their quarters.Hermione was reading and dropped the book on the floor when she noticed him. "Yrrah!" she screamed surprised. "Neville! Yrrah is back."The young warrior let himself fall on the couch, exhausted from the trip. He looked up to meet Neville's hopeful eyes. "When I left, your parents were able to answer yes and no questions by blinking once or twice." Reported Yrrah. "My mother, grandfather and aunt are using a combination of muggle and magical healing. They completely shut down all muscle functions for a few seconds, allowing the brain to kick in. Your parents have to learn to use all those muscles again, right now they can't swallow, talk or move and magic is keeping them alive. But they are aware of where they are and one of our best legilimenses has been able to talk with them in their minds. It's going to be a long recovery, we're talking about months, maybe years. However, my aunt believes that by the time summer vacation comes around, they will hopefully be able to eat, drink and speak a few words."Neville didn't say a word, he just moved across the room and embraced his friend tightly. Yrrah made sure to hold him just as tight. After a few minutes, Neville's voice broke the silence. "Thank you." He whispered."You're my brother." Was Yrrah's answer.Hermione broke the embrace by mentioning that it was late and Yrrah would probably be exhausted from his travel, as he had explained he would be.They said their goodnights and all went to their own rooms. Yrrah and Hermione fell asleep quickly but Neville stayed awake, writing a letter to his Grandmother and Lily. He might have to wait a few months, but he was going to have his parents back. Neville decided that he could wait until the summer.Sirius was counting off the hours until his weekend started. His second class, the third years Slytherin and Hufflepuff, were a real pain in his arse. And his last class of the day contained Malfoy Junior who continued to interrupt the lesson with what his father taught him. The first year Ravenclaw and Gryffindors weren't that bad, but Yrrah wasn't there which meant that his favorite students were quiet and subdued.Oh Yrrah, he missed the kid. Since discovering that he was guardian over the boy while at Hogwarts, Sirius made it his duty to talk at least once every other day with the eleven year old to find out how he was doing and if he needed help with homework, etc.Sirius spend the last few days wondering about things he never questioned before. Were his parents kind to him? Was Yrrah treated right? Were there dangerous creatures on that island of him? And the biggest question, would Yrrah return soon now that he was finally able to see his parents?Yrrah had promised that he would return before Monday, but never stated a time. So the marauder couldn't wait for the day to be over. The sooner the day ended, the sooner it was weekend and the sooner Yrrah would be back at Hogwarts.Until he saw Longbottom's face. The boy was beaming and he practically skipped into the classroom.Sirius kneeled at his table, "Is Yrrah back?" he whispered."Last night." answered Hermione. "He's still asleep, we didn't want to wake him up. Besides, his grandfather wanted Yrrah to rest before getting back to classes.""Good." Nodded Sirius. "And your parents?""Yrrah believes they will be able to talk by the time summer comes around." Beamed Neville. "They can answer questions by blinking once or twice. Grandma would be so happy.""I can imagine you would be too." Smiled Sirius. "How about I write you two a note to excuse you from classes today. I bet you three have a lot of catching up to do when Yrrah wakes up. And I bet neither of you will be able to concentrate on us boring teachers. I'll inform professor Flitwick and McGonagall that you two got a stomach bug and are using the potions from Yrrah. I'll drop by after last class to check up on you guys.""Thank you!" Neville forgot for a second that the man was his teacher and hugged Sirius before taking Hermione's hand and pulling her out of the classroom, just as the other first years started to arrive.Suddenly the day didn't look that bad anymore. Sirius was already wondering what Longbottom would prepare for Yrrah's welcome home dinner and how he was going to convince the golden trio to invite him to stay for dinner.Yrrah was telling Hermione and Neville about the prank his uncle played on Yrrah's father when Sirius knocked on the door. Hermione allowed him entrance and the professor confidently entered the room."Sirius!" greeted the young wizard from the couch. "You're just in time, could you help me extract a few memories? I would do it myself but I'm a bit tired and when I put a wand at my head I want to have a clear mind.""Off course." Sirius dropped on the sofa across of Yrrah. "You got a pensieve?""Neville, would you mind grabbing the stone bowl from my room?" Asked Yrrah, taking advantage of the fact that he was still rather tired from the trip and his friends were happy to help him.Neville placed the bowl on the coffee table and Sirius pulled out the memories that Yrrah had placed on the forefront of his mind."I added some memories about the village and forest." Admitted Yrrah. "Since Hermione was curious.""Does this mean we finally find out who your parents are?" asked Hermione excited.Yrrah let out a laugh. "No, not yet.""Why won't you tell who your father is?" asked Neville."You wouldn't believe me if I told you." Countered Yrrah, falling back in the familiar argument."Try me." Dared Hermione."One day." Smiled Yrrah, "If you guys are good, you might be able to visit during the summer. Now, go see Neville's parents."Yrrah went into the memory with the others, standing slightly on the side in the hospital room. Neville went to stand next to the memory-Yrrah who was talking with Alice.Sirius was looking around curiously. "This is so weird." Stated the marauder. "It's the hospital wing but different.""My aunt doesn't have that many patients at the time with only the six of us living in the castle." Answered Yrrah softly. "If we get ill, auntie usually treats us in our own room and if someone from the village is injured so badly that they need my aunt, she goes to them and treats them there. My uncle makes sure there are a few potions in stock here but he keeps his most important potions in his own lab. This room is mostly for stocking and guests. One time, there was a storm coming, so the village stayed in the castle for a few days, we used the hospital wing. My dad told me that I was brought to this room by my grandfather and my dad decided to take me as his son right here."Sirius squeezed Yrrah's shoulder before turning to Neville. Hermione was holding Neville's hand while the boy took in his parents and listened to memory-Yrrah's one-sided conversation.Memory-Yrrah stood up. "I better go back to Hogwarts." He announced. "Neville will be excited to hear that his parents are going to be okay. Don't worry, Hermione and I will look after him."The memory started to fade and the group appeared in the great hall.In Myth, there is only one table, the head table. The other tables were pushed together which Merlin, the founders and Yrrah sometimes used as a dueling platform.Memory-Yrrah was seated behind the head table, in the window seat the Earthly Hogwarts didn't have. The window was in both castles, but only in Myth, there were pillows for seating and was the mirror magical.The memory version of Yrrah used the mirror to find out about the homework he was missing."It's kind of creepy that you were watching us while we didn't know." Joked Hermione. "However, I'm glad we don't have to bring you up to speed with homework."Yrrah only smiled at his friend and refrained from responding."Na vedui!" memory-Dominque entered the great hall. "I hope you worked as hard on my lessons as you do on your magical lessons." He said approvingly.Hermione eagerly stepped forward to study the man. "Is this your father?" asked the girl excited."No, he's one of my teacher from the village." Answered Yrrah, just as the memory version moved to hug the man. "Dominique is a master in sword and battle. He taught me almost everything I know about fighting without using my magic.""He's not human, is he?" asked Sirius with a frown."Dominique is an Eldar," answered Yrrah. "The whole village is Eldar.""That can't be." Mumbled Neville. "My grandmother told me, the elves left Earth decennia's ago.""Eldar as in Elves?" asked Hermione. "As in the immortal perfect beings?""Yes exactly like that." Nodded Yrrah. "They used to live all over Earth but now they only have a few villages in my home. I've only been to the village near us.""I'm so glad you have returned to us Aran Arvellas." Stated memory-Dominique as he released memory-Yrrah from the embrace. "Elandorr has organized a feast in your honor tonight. Your father told us about your first battle with a troll."Memory-Yrrah hang his head. "I did not win that battle with honor, master." He confessed. "I fought a creature of no magic with powers he did not possess. I didn't give him a chance to surrender.""Warrior Aran, you know that Trolls do not possess the brain to think." Counted the memory-Dominique. "You saved a young lady and protected a school filled with children. Troll hide is too thick to penetrate with our swords in one strike, you did well and made our people proud. Agoreg vae." 'You did well.'"Have you visited the infirmary yet?" asked Memory-Yrrah.Dominique nodded. "I have spoken with your aunt and our village healer. They fully believe that within the next earth year, we'll have them ready to walk and train. Our healer will be working with your aunt to work out a schedule. With the knowledge of humans and Eldar combined, we'll have your friend's parents as well as they could possibly get. It will be hard work for them, young warrior. The female is slightly better than the male, by the time the harvest festival comes she will hopefully be able to bear mind speaking. The male might take until your return before he'll be able to speak. Nevertheless, we are certain a recovery is possible, Aran.""Why does he call you Aran?" asked Hermione curious."Aran Arvellas is my warrior name." explained Yrrah, "If an elf or an elvish-kin fights with honor and for the protection of the people, they can be awarded a warrior status. I was a student of one of the warriors when there was an attack on the village. I can show you that memory later, if you want. When you become an warrior, there is a ritual in which you get an armor and a new name. I was given the name Aran Arvellas.""I've read about the ancient ritual," mussed Sirius, "I think I have a book in the Black Library but they haven't been used since Merlin's time. I found those very interesting when I was a kid. The warrior names are given by the teacher and have a special meaning, don't they?""Yes, the leader of the village gives you the first name and the teacher your last. My name means King with noble strength."The memory had faded again and they ended up in the village. Memory-Yrrah was training with a platoon of elves, Dominique was drilling them by shouting orders. "Parry! Left! Right! Shield!"The group moved as one and it was really impressive to the three 'earthlings'. "Aran! Faelyn! Cross swords, no magic, no shields, no powers."Memory-Yrrah let his golden armor appear on him while two other elves helped to secure an armor on Faelyn, an older soldier. Both got their left arm bound to their backs, to make sure only their swords are used."The crossing of sword is an old tradition." Explained Yrrah. "It's a way to inspire the troops. Gives them something to cheer for."Wages were set and the elves started to cheer for their favorite, surrounding the two duelist in a circle."This is so awesome." Mumbled Sirius.Neville looked wide eyed as the duelist twirled their swords, eyeing each other up. "I really need to train more."The memory started to fade and the clings of metal died out before they returned to their room. Without saying a word, Yrrah removed the memory of the fire wolves and allowed the others to enter, but stayed behind this time. He was tired, even after a whole day of resting.With a wave of his hand, the table began to set itself and the dinner Neville prepared began to heat up. By the time the others came from the pensieve Yrrah had finished and they could immediately start dinner, a wonderful homemade lasagna."Just a few seconds more and we would have seen your father." Groaned Hermione. "It's not fair to call out 'dad' and just cut the memory."Yrrah chuckled. "Just be patient until the summer. I promise you'll meet him then.""You were so young." Mumbled Sirius. "So small. And the phoenix?""Éowyn, she's my familiar." Yrrah looked grim. "I miss her terribly, but it's not safe for her to be here until I've showed an act of maturity, she's mortal."Sirius nodded absentmindly and he began to eat. During dinner, Neville continued to ask questions about his parents, which he had been doing ever since Yrrah woke up from his afternoon nap. Yrrah continued to answer these questions patiently ."I better go back to bed." Admitted Yrrah with a yawn, just as he finished dinner. "I'll write to the Potter's in the morning. Goodnight everyone.""Goodnight Y."A week after Yrrah's return, everything had gone back to normal. While both Neville and the friends from the other houses still had lots of questions about his trip home, and over time they slowly started to die out. Around Wednesday the conversations started to change to the quidditch match.Cedric and Yrrah would be rivals in the Gryffindor-Hufflepuff match. The morning of the match, Susan and Hannah were supporting their yellow nesting house. Hermione and Neville were naturally dressed in red.What was unusually, was that both teams (with exception of Oliver Wood and the Hufflepuff captain who were on the field) were seated at the badgers table. They were joking and bragging about their skills, putting wages on the game and trying to intimidate the other, all in good fun.When it was time to move to the pitch, the parents of the players arrived. Sirius was jumping around Lily and James, talking about the match and the Longbottom's. Hermione and Neville choose to hang out with the adults, which was followed by most of the gang.On their way to the said adults, they were interrupted by an unwelcome voice."Are you ready to see Pendragon die this time?" sneered a voice from behind Neville and Hermione. "Now his little secret is out, they will be smarter this time."The duo rolled their eyes and turned around. "Malfoy, shouldn't you be kind to us? I mean, your parents believe that we are friends." Sighed Hermione."Shut up mudblood." Scoffed Draco. "You should know not to talk to your superiors.""Watch what you're saying Malfoy." Tracey appeared on Hemione's side. "Granger is first in line to inherited the title as Lady of the Ancient and Most Noble house Ravenclaw. She will be a Duchess, while you'll be a mere Baron. Who is the superior now?""You better watch out Greengrass." Threatened Malfoy. "I have a lot of support in our house.""Little boy is trying to play a game he isn't able to reach." Mocked Daphne. "You may have the support of our housemates, but I have the support of Lord Slytherin himself." When she saw Draco pale, the ice queen smirked. "Didn't you know? The return of house Pendragon to the British elite has made the Ancient and most Noble houses come out to play too. The Wizengamot has received noticed from the goblins that the ancient vaults are active again. House Pendragon named Yrrah their Lord, House Ravenclaw already took Hermione as their heir, Neville was named heir Gryffindor. Do you see a pattern? Those close to the crown-prince are slowly taking over the houses. Lord Slytherin is able to cast you out of his Hogwarts house. What would your father say if you were forced to transfer to the Badger's nest or the Lion's den? I would watch who you threaten, before you know it you might have ruined your fathers business."Draco opened his mouth to retort but thought better of it and closed. With a huff he turned around and walked away.While the group resumed their way, Hermione held Daphne back. "What do you know about Lord Slytherin?" she demanded to know."Please, I might not be the heir of Ravenclaw but I'm not stupid." Daphne stated offended. "Yrrah told us his uncle was a Slytherin, he has handwritten books from all founders. And while it might be possible that you are from a squib line originated from Ravenclaw, the Longbottom family were never a part of the Gryffindor line and Neville's mother became Lady Longbottom which requires a ritual, they would have announced it then if she was an heir. Yrrah is in contact with the founder's heirs and for some reason made you scions of the founders, which can only with permission of the current lord. Tell me, that I'm correct and he knows all the current Founder Lords."Hermione snorted a laugh. "They are closer than you think, but I can't tell you. It's not my secret to share.""I will wait for Yrrah to trust us." Daphne smirked. "Or until he slips up. Whichever comes first." She hooked her arm through Hermione's and entered the pitch.They didn't even had the chance to get comfortable before Yrrah caught the snitch in record time. Yrrah flew over to Cedric, "Party at my quarters? Your team is invited."Cedric, a little bumped out from the short game, shrugged. "Why not?"Later that evening, in the midst of the party, Daphne took Yrrah to the side. "Malfoy is making trouble for Tracey and me in Slytherin." She confessed coolly. "And while he doesn't have a platform this year, I fear that in a few months that might change."Yrrah's eyes hardened. "What do you propose that I do? I'm not a teacher. And there is no honor in dueling a spoiled little boy.""I have been going through the school decrees." Admitted blond Slytherin. "I overheard some whispers that you're friends with the sorting hat or something like that?""Something like that." chuckled Yrrah. "You wish to change houses?""Read this over." Daphne pulled a folder from her schoolbag. "Tell me what you think. If you agree, I'll find a way to get you near the sorting hat. It has no rush, since it will only work during the sorting ceremony at the beginning of the year. I know I'm asking a lot, but it would really help Tracey and me, and maybe the others too. While there is no real bullying going on but there are issues.""There is no harm in reading this over." Decided Yrrah, "I will get back to you as soon as I made a decision.""Thanks Yrrah." Daphne kissed his cheek and joined the party. Yrrah looked at the papers and frowned. His parents never told him about this, his father should have known. He would have to talk this over with his family.Weeks slowly went by. Yrrah, Hermione and Neville continued to excel in classes, continued their training (their friends and Sirius joined them in the weekends), visited Hermione's parents and Neville's grandmother every other week and most important of all, they had fun together.There was a point where Yrrah felt a dragon egg enter the castle wards, but without any difficulties he made an copy of the egg after Hermione looked up what kind of dragon it was. After that he jumped the real egg in a dragon reserve where it could be with his kind.The exams were getting close and to Yrrah's surprise Hermione wasn't as stressed about them as he thought she would be."Thanks to the gift, I literally have a library in my mind." Stated Hermione, not even looking up from her book. "I read every book and if I don't know the answer in an exam, I could just close my eyes, go to the right book, open it and find it within seconds. And I practiced the spells until I got them down perfectly. The only one who really has to study is Neville."Neville looked from the fridge where he was gathering the ingredients for the cupcake topping. "Wait, what?""You don't have the gift of memory." Explained Hermione. "You might be able to breeze though the practical parts of the test because it doesn't matter if you do the wand movement right, you might want to study to get the theoretical parts down.""We share a mind." Protested Neville. "I have access to your memory-library.""Not during the exams." Hermione stated, "That's cheating."Yrrah smiled at his male best friend. "Don't worry Nev, my mind is always open for you as long as we're both in the same country.""Thank you Y." Neville swirled the topping on top of a cupcake and made it levitate over to the young warrior. "Here you go."Hermione finally looked up from her book. "Is that a strawberry/chocolate cupcake with mascarpone topping?""It is, but you'll have to bake something yourself." Neville put a ward over his cupcakes, only keying Yrrah and himself to it. "Otherwise it would be cheating."They very maturely stuck their tongues out to each other.Study sessions were held in the pendragon quarters, and their first year friends were familiar faces. The weekend before the exams ended with sleep overs and Sirius was always willing to drop by answer any questions the group may have.Exams came and Yrrah was pleased to learn that Neville made the test mostly by himself, only wondering out loud and solving the question with only a few clues. Hermione and Neville got all the spells right. However Hermione's snuffle box was aquamarine instead of the celeste she was aiming for ("McGonagall doesn't know you were going for celeste, you said blue, it's blue"), Neville made a spelling mistake ("How could I misspell 'Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus'. It's the school motto!" "Neville, it's Latin, it's impressive enough you recreate the logo perfectly.") and Yrrah's spells were a little over powered ("my egg tap-danced/jumped from the table over the walls!"). Overall, everyone in the group believed they passed.They were enjoying the sun in the grass field, discussing their summer plans when Susan asked the question. "Yrrah, if you go back home, is there a way to contact you to invite you over or you know just write?"Yrrah looked at the redhead. "Ni I'm sorry, the island is completely protected against outside communication. We have ten weeks of vacation right? For the first five weeks I will be unreachable, then I'll be here for a week to celebrate Neville's and my birthdays and the next three and half weeks we'll be at the island. You're all invited to the birthday celebration off course so we'll see each other there but other than that… I'm afraid that we won't see or speak much the next few weeks.""That's a shame." Pouted Hannah. "I'll miss you guys. We should hang out more during the week you're here.""I would like that." Nodded Yrrah. "We'll keep each other posted.""So, now we just spend two weeks waiting until the professors finished grading?" wondered Neville. "I mean, the lessons are done, right?""There is still one Quidditch game." Added George."That's only one day." Countered Neville."We still have to do our assignments." Mumbled Fred.Hermione sighed. "Done that.""Well not everybody is that far." Groaned Tracey. "Besides, it's called summer work because we have until September to complete it.""It's just that you would think that parents would like their children back as soon as possible…" mussed Yrrah. "I bet my dad is complaining about it right now.""However some of us wish to enjoy these lesson AND parent free weeks before I return to perfect pureblood princess lessons." Daphne sighed. "Because I know I'll have classes the whole summer. The only time I get off the next few weeks is for the official 'royal celebration' or when my mother wants to go shopping."The group laughed and enjoyed the rest of the day.Later that night the trio had invited Sirius for a games night. They were in the midst of an intense game of clue when Yrrah felt it. "Something dark just entered the castle, just 30 minutes after the headmaster left.""That can't be a coincidence." Mumbled Hermione. Neville didn't even say anything, just waved his hand over his uniform, changing it for the protective armor."Wait a minute." Sputtered Sirius. "What are you guys going to do?""Stop whatever it is." answered Yrrah. "Before it can hurt a student. It's moving towards the third floor. Sirius, you should warn the teachers, we're going to stall him.""I'm coming with you." The teacher sends a Patronus to McGonagall and hurried after the trio. Yrrah grabbed Sirius' shirt while the other two grabbed the prince's arm. In a flash they were on the third floor. "What just happened?""I brought us to the third floor." Stated Yrrah while Hermione pushed open the door."But… you can't apparate in Hogwarts." Objected Sirius."No, you can't." agreed Neville. The trio felt worried when they noticed that the Cerberus unconscious but after a moment Yrrah reassured them that their friend was just asleep.Since they knew what was coming, it wasn't hard and Sirius quickly concluded that the first year Gryffindors had been through the obstacle course before. Something the trio didn't even bother to deny."The darkness is in the next room." mumbled Yrrah, looking at the flames that separated them from the room the stone used to be. It was now safely in Yrrah's trunk, only accessible by the young prince. "Most likely by the mirror."Hermione and Neville both raised their wands, knowing what Yrrah wanted them to do when Yrrah removed the flames. Before the being could even react to their presence, three stunners hit it and it crumbled to the floor."It's professor Quirrell." Stated Hermione surprised."No, it's not." Yrrah bound the unconscious wizard with a cover of stone, letting only his face free. "This thing has two minds.""Possession?" questioned Neville. "Are we talking about voluntary or forced?"Yrrah closed his eyes to concentrate better. "Both minds are clear. If this was forced, Quirrell would have done something to alert the other teachers, or one mind would be subdued.""By who?" asked Sirius."One way to find out." Neville handed Yrrah his wand and stepped towards the bound professor but was grasped by Sirius who pulled the eleven year old back by his robes."You foolish child." Snapped Sirius. "What if he's pretending to be unconscious? Never walk to your enemy.""I have back up." Bit Neville back, pulling himself free from Sirius' grasp while nodding his head to Yrrah and Hermione who both had their wands out and where in an defensive stance. "Since I am the one who uses magic without a wand, he can't steal my wand away to use it for himself and I am the one with the smallest spell arsenal, I was the best option to step up. We know what we're doing.""You might but as long as you are under seventeen you are my responsibility." Growled Sirius and he pushed the children behind him. Yrrah mumbled a summoning charm, taking away the professor Quirrell's wand.When Sirius cancelled the stunner, Quirrell carefully rose. "Quirinus, what is going on? They say you are hosting another soul…""Let me speak to them… face-to-face..." Ordered a high voice from an unknown source. Yrrah assumed it was the possessor.Quirrell looked surprised. "Master, you are not strong enough!""I have strength enough… for this…" assured the voice.Yrrah felt as if the Devil's snare was wrapping around his chest. He felt the fear in Neville and Hermione, as they watched as their professor reached up and began to unwrap his turban. As the turban fell away, Yrrah couldn't help but notice that Quirrell's head looked strangely small without it. As he turned around, Hermione grabbed Yrrah's arm, all the while not wavering her wand.Where there should have been the back of Quirrell's head, there was a face. It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake."Potter…" it whispered."Voldemort." Growled Sirius, pushing the children further behind him, shielding their students from the abnodation. "Don't you dare speak that name!""You are blind, Black." Sneered the face. "A true Gryffindor, unable to think for yourself without someone spelling it out for you. There was only one baby, one ritual. Wormtail loved the mudblood Evans. I wondered what charm that witch has, two of my followers begged me to spare her life. That is why I asked Wormtail to bring the child to me. All mumbling about how sorry he is… that he was doing it to save his mother."Yrrah blanched. "You are lying." Accused the young boy."Why would I lie?" Voldemort sneered. "No I know who you are, you are Harry Potter and tonight I'm going to finish what I started on Halloween ten years ago."So that's it for now. Next chapter will be the last of year one! If anyone is intrested in proofreading or helping me, please send me a pm. I've been asked (just as last chapter) if it is going to be a H/Hr story, to be honest I don't know yet. I ve been getting reviews and collecting the votes: so farHarry/Hermione and Neville/Luna: 6Harry/Luna and Neville/Hermione: 2Dont use Luna as the fourth member: 2Please leave a review if you have any questions and I'll always try to answer them. Thank you to DarkRavie, Lord Halcyon, Child of Dreams, skyesmommy, MarvelGirl2005, WhiteEagle1985, LadyAirbender, Welcome007, Jarno, Axel Alex, Blue Luver5000, Edge Maverick, QHLuver, HP Fan 36, Home World Security, ARWilliams, Iannee and sahil032406 for words of encouragement.With love,ShyLily
