Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http//onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 1. Break-upDella broke up.She's in third grade at Hogwarts this year, Gryffindor. Her ex-boyfriend was Fred of Weasleys.———————————————Everyone at the breakfast table was concentrating on the plates. No one dared to talk, nor looked at Della.The youngest Hannah secretly glanced at Della, who was in dark face and had breakfast without combing her hair. In a low, but audible voice, she said, "Della must be very angry."Della's face was getting worse.Hans, the oldest boy, cleared his throat and said annoyingly, "I didn't think he's good for a long time. If you want to date with a Weasley, you may better choose Percy. The twins…" He shook his head, "I can't tell them apart." He took a suspicious look at Della, "can you?" He said hesitatedly and awkwardly, "I mean, did they play a trick on you like on anyone else? You know, George pretends to be Fred, and Fred pretends to be George. You always say Fred is in love with you, what if he is George?" It's getting lively that even their parents, Jack and Lucy, began to argue whether or not Della could distinguish the twins.Dad, Jack Bush said, "Even their parents cannot tell them apart. Last time we met in Diagon Alley, Arthur recognized George as Fred. I would say, they are exactly the same to me, just like two same toothbrushes."Mother, Lucy shook her head, "you always can't recognize your toothbrush." She turned to Della and asked, "honey, I believe you can recognize your boyfriend. So why did you break up this time?"Della threw the knife and fork into the plate and raised her head, "I'm done!" Then, with heavy steps, she dashed back to the room and slammed the door.With a bang, all the pepper bottles on the table sprang up in fright.Dick, the second Bush boy, immediately said: "Guess why they broke up this time?"Mother Lucy gave him a disapprobative glare, "Don't make fun of it. You'll goad Della. If she turns you into a baldy this time, I won't turn you back."Dick shivered with fear and said mutinously, "I don't think it's bad to be bald now." But later, he concentrated on his cocoa milk.The other people who were not so fear of Della went on the topic.The eldest son, Hans said, "I have no idea. They split too many times, but they always make peace the next day."Mother, Lucy shook her head, "I have no idea, neither. I mean, after so many things, I can't image anything else to separate them."The youngest daughter, Hannah nodded innocently, "yes, they have been parted from each other so many times."Father, Jack echoed and ruffled the head of his little girl Hannah. "I think so. In my opinion, we don't need to worry about it. They will make up soon."Second son, Dick looked at everyone, wanted to say something, but held back.He's probably the only one in the family who knew why Della broke up.If the break-up really came true, he would announce it on Christmas Day! Then he must be the cleverest and most awesome person in the family! Everyone would praise him!Thinking of that, Dick decided to keep the secret for a while.But he was wondering that if Della did break up. If they made up again, then, it's disappointing.———————————————Lucy found out that Dick, the naughtiest boy in the family, had become a good boy today. He didn't scream under the kitchen window, chase chicken in the yard, nor fall down from the hillside pretending to be a hit hero, which nearly broke his thin neck several times before.He sat on the sofa in the living room, watching her do the housework, holding a picture book that he had been bored reading.Lucy was so happy and told him to play with her little sister Hannah instead of accompanying with his mother.Dick rolled his eyes, "no, mom. I'm reading here." He won't play with a runny kid!Lucy went to kitchen to brought him a plate of cake leftover. When she turned around, someone appeared in the fireplace.It's Molly from the Weasleys, and she asked, "dear, is Della here?"Lucy quickly shoved the cake into Dick and hurried him upstairs to his room.Two moms were going to exchange information.Dick went out obediently but came back at once, hiding outside to eavesdrop.He heard his mother in the room saying, "yes, Della is angry. I have no idea what happened to them…"The voice from the fireplace was a little muffled, "It must be Fred! I told him stop playing those tricks! His clothes are full of burnt holes!"Mom said, "He must be playing the Exploding Snap. I always think it's too dangerous, but boys like it. It blasted holes on the clothes. Dick just received a new set at Christmas, and his new sweater got two big holes that night."The woman in the fireplace said, "he's not playing with the bomb… I hope they're ok…""I hope so." Mom said, "but this time seems a little different. It's been a week that Della has not been talking to Fred nor writing a letter. It's unusual!"Della Bush, the second elder daughter of the Bush family, fell in love with Fred Weasley on the day she entered Hogwarts. She pursued him for a long time, nearly two years before they started dating, but within half a year, they broke up six times.It seemed that they were not suitable for each other, but two mothers thought they would be a bicker. Because they were soon reconciled after their previous break-up. Although every quarrel was earthshaking, every time made up, they would be as good as before."It's true this time." Della told herself as she combed her hair in the mirror. "It's time to break up. Idols can only be admired rather than getting along." Her hair was tangled in a mess that she couldn't comb it. She really missed the black, long, straight hair! This damn curly hair!Lucy heard something thrown on the ground above her head in the living room. She hurried to say goodbye to Molly and wanted to go upstairs to have a look, but kicked Dick on the ground at the door."Dick! You're not a child anymore! Don't crawl on the ground! You'll get your clothes dirty!" Lucy shouted. Dick ran away in her roar, nimble as a little mouse.Lucy went upstairs and knocked gingerly on Della's door. "Della, dear?"The door opened.Della's hair was tied in the back of her head as an explosion ball- she was lazy again. She hated her hair because it couldn't be combed. She had tried to cut it shorter before, then for two years, her nickname was "Prickly", since her hair became explosive like a prickled ball. Considering that, she kept long hair, but it still didn't work. Then she just combed her hair on the overhead but tied the split end into a messy ponytail.Lucy looked at the messy hair of her lovely daughter, "do you want me to comb it for you?" She stroked her wand, "just a spell."Della took a look at her wand and shook her head. "No, I can do it at home when I am 17. What do you want me for, mom?"—Did you get angry in the room just now?Lucy was afraid of hurting her sensitive heart, so she said, "I'm making lunch. Would you like to help me? You can peel the beans for me."Della wrinkled her nose in disgust.She · hated · beans!On the long table in the kitchen, she sat opposite to Lucy. In front of her was big a bowl of beans. All parents in the world liked to force their children to eat noxious food, which called "they have nutrition".What nutrition did green beans have? If she needed chlorophyll, she would eat vegetables. If she needed plant protein, she would have tofu!While here was no tofu, nor even soymilk.She peeled the pods and squeezed the plump bean into the big bowl. Her brother Dick was grovelling on the ground as if looking for bugs in the fissure of the floor. Boys, liked bugs.Mother Lucy, a young mother, loved family and children. It's admitted that even if she had a hundred complaints about the world, she would not have any about her family.Although they had all kinds of faults, they were all lovely.Lucy had been peeping at her, but Della kept evading her sight. Maybe Della's "quiet" gave her an illusion. She thought it was the time to talk, so she also came to peel pods with her and summoned up courage, "so, feel better now?"Della, with a sullen face, cut the pods hard, "good."Crawling on the ground, Dick sneaked a look at them, kept on dawdling on the floor. His clothes must be done: the kitchen floor was not clean.Lucy looked at her expectantly. "Want to talk to me?""Nothing to say," Della replied coldly.Lucy bit her lips. Her eyes made Della guilty."We broke up. That's it." Della explained.Dick whistled.Della looked down at her little brother.Dick ran out alertly but grovelled on the floor at the kitchen door.—Was he eavesdropping?Lucy didn't care about her little son. She asked eagerly, "but you were so good!"Della took a deep breath, looked up and said, "we were not good! We just… It's only me…" She suddenly stood up and spoke out everything: "It's only me who want to date with him! He doesn't! At least not like me! Now I don't think I love him, neither. So we are done! That's it!"Then she rushed out of the kitchen like a whirlwind. At the door, she threatened her little brother who failed to run away: "If you dare to bug again, I would shave your hair! Mark my words!"Lucy came quickly to save her little son, "Della, let go of your brother."Dick hid behind Lucy's skirt, when Della launched herself upstairs.———————————————At night, of course, Della didn't go downstairs for dinner. The atmosphere at the table was much better. Everyone was enthusiastically discussing the stuttered relationship."Molly met me today." Lucy divided the boiled peas equally to everyone. Every child, including her husband, wrinkled nose.The youngest daughter Hannah, was not willing to have a look at her plate, as if the green stuff would be inexistent without seeing that. "Della didn't come…"Dick continued at once, "It's not fair! Della didn't come down! You gave us her portion!" It's really unfair, everyone protested. Lucy had to scoop another piece from everyone's plate and put it together, so that no one ate much.Father Jack, covered the peas under his favourite mashed potatoes, as if they don't exist without seeing them. He used a big spoon to scoop them into his mouth and swallowed them all."What did Molly say?" He asked."She doesn't know why." Lucy replied.The eldest son Hans asked, "but we're going to start school soon! Do you think they will make up before that?"Lucy replied blankly, "I don't know, honey."Dick gloated and said to his brother: "Now everyone will come to ask you!"Hans glared at his brother. He was depressed. He didn't like to be asked such things by everyone, but he wasn't like Della. Della was a Gryffindor, she was always strong, as if she wasn't afraid of anything. He was just a Hufflepuff.He hated to be in the spotlight."I don't think it's a big deal," Jack said, "It's usual for young people. No one feel strange for their breakup and makeup."He turned to ask his wife for the gravy, but to find her wiping tears. "Honey!" He shouted, "What's the matter?" Lucy forced a smile and said in disguise, "I'm just… so sad, they were so closed. I always thought Della would be the first child to get married. Hans hasn't got a girlfriend yet. Dick is so dirty that no girl will like him. Oh, I'm so worried!"At the first half sentence, several children on the table wrinkled their noses grossly. When came to back, Hans blushed. He couldn't make a sound with his mouth opened, like a goldfish. Dick was laughing at his brother when he heard his mother talking about him. Now, Hannah, the youngest sister, began to tease him. The child in dirty was the worst.Jack hugged his wife. "Oh, lovely Lucy. You don't have to worry about the children. They'll all be fine. Della, Hans, Dick and your little angel Hannah, they'll get married early and have lots of children around your skirt."Dick couldn't help himself. He cleared his throat and stood up on the chair.Lucy wiped her tears and raised her head from Jack's arms. "Dick, come down. You can't stand on the chair."Hans stretched out his hand to drive his little brother down."I know why they broke up." Dick said.Hans was stunned. He turned to look at his father and mother, who both turned their eyes to Dick in surprise. Everyone was looking at him.Dick puffed out his chest and said with great pride, "I know. I saw it. I was catching Doxys in the broomstick cupboard. They were right in front of me, talking under the big rocks. Della wanted to kiss Fred but he pushed her away. She sat on the ground. Then Fred said something I didn't hear it clearly before Della ran away."He saw all the people don't scream nor do anything else. They were still looking at him.He shrugged. "Then she told us that night she was through with Fred."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 2. An encounter at the ice cream shopAfter Dick announced the secret which he wanted to keep until Christmas, he jumped down of the chair and noticed that Della standing near the door.He let out a scream like a little puppy, not civilized at all: "Shit!"Lucy conditioned: "No smut, Dick!"People at the table froze. They looked at Della and waited for her explosion.But she didn't.Although her sight seemed like she was going to bake her little brother in the oven, she didn't really do it.Dick hid under the table.Jack soon felt Dick under his robe. He dodged, "Hey son, don't pull dad's leg hair."He caught all the sights in the kitchen."It hurts." He explained.Lucy immediately said in enthusiasm, "Della, want to have dinner?" She looked at her daughter and found she look great: She combed her hair, wore one of her favourite skirt, washed her face neatly and shaved her forehead."Are, are you going out?" She asked and looked out from the kitchen window, "but it's dark now. If you want to talk to Fred, what about tomorrow? You can go out for a whole day tomorrow. There's nothing for you to do at home."Della politely refused. "No, mom. I don't need to go out, thank you. I don't need dinner, neither. I'm not hungry. I'm just here to tell you all that I'm good.""Of course!" said people at the table."Honey, of course you're fine!" Jack said."Obviously!" Hans nodded cautiously. He didn't want to annoy his sister.The youngest Hannah didn't understand, but nodded.Della smiled politely, ferociously stiff. No one dared to show up that she was bearly holding it together. She turned herself and went out.Hearing her footsteps disappear on the stairs, Jack took a sigh of relief and lifted his little son out of his robe. "Dick, you've saved your hair."Hans added, "but you'd better not to meet Della tomorrow." He thought a while, "you'd better hide from her before school starts."———————————————Everyone in Bush family was waiting for their lovely eldest daughter, intimidating sister, and frightening sister to recover from the lovelorn. They were full of love, patience, and restraint of their curiosities.It's not easy for a family of Hufflepuff.Lucy cried several times behind Della. She said to Jack that she couldn't image any boy who would refuse a kiss from his love. No wonder Della wanted to break up. It's not her fault."She must have suffered a lot," she said, "you never turned me down."Jack flared his nostrils: "That's a bad boy! I've seen it for a long time! Red hair, hum! Vulgar people, they're right."They all stood behind Della for her breakup.Lucy even wanted Hans to give Fred a lesson. He and Fred were in the same grade. What's more, he's a brother."If you meet him at school, you're better beat him up." Lucy clenched her fists at the breakfast table and punched in the air powerfully, which seemed nice.Jack agreed, "sometimes it's not bad to have a little force. Although I always taught you not to fight, but here you need to use your fists."Hans choked on his milk.Dick knew his brother well: "He can't. he can't beat Fred, he's a head taller than him.""And he's a beater." Hans whispered."And he has a twin brother!" Dick said in glee, "Hans will be given to mash!"Hans taught his little brother a lesson with his fists, although Dick quickly gave him back. It's hard to say who won in the end, because Lucy was exasperated and refused to wash the dirty clothes for them. At last, they had to wash their clothes and pants in the yard in the last leisure time before the end of holidays.In the kitchen, Della said she's willing to go shopping with Lucy. "I can help you with your basket, you may need to buy a lot of things. It must be heavy."Lucy was touched. She hugged her favourite eldest daughter and promised she would buy her a nice hat and a beautiful hair band. "I'll dress you beautifully!"The two brothers in the courtyard watched them in envy as Della and Hannah hand in hand followed Lucy from the fireplace to Diagon Alley."She can go out and have fun, but we have to do the laundering here." Dick complained."Mother sympathizes with her and wants to console her. Don't be jealous." Hans exhorted his little brother.———————————————Diagon Alley was still bustling. It's almost the beginning of school. It's swarming with people and some Muggles.Della saw a Muggle girl in jeans. She wanted a pair of jeans, for a long time.Lucy was looking at her list. "We need to buy cheese, olive oil, some peppers and a few pounds of bacon," she put the list away, beamed to Della and said, "of course, we'll buy you a hat."Della cleared her throat, "may I change hat into jeans?""Come again?" Lucy asked blankly."A lot of people have it," Della said quickly, "it's very popular at school… it's the clothes in Muggles." She asked in great hope, "ok?"Lucy replied at once, "sure! We'll buy you this!"But when saw Della wearing that kind of pants, she regretted. She didn't know… Oh, Muggle women wore this kind of clothes, which was closely attached to Della's legs, like the second layer of skin. The witch selling clothes praised Della for her good looks: "It makes her hip round and cute, her legs straight and slender. Boys will be crazy for you, girl!"Lucy paid at once.She also bought a blouse called T or something. It had no sleeve, a huge neckline, no button, short front and long back, showing her white belly and navel.It's also said to be popular.At least Della was thrilled! She refused to take the dress off.Lucy sighed, "well, Muggles…" She shook her head, paid for it, and handed her little daughter Hannah, to Della. "You take her, I'll go shopping for something else.""I can buy cheese and olive oil —the two are next to each other — and take Hannah to have ice cream when I finish shopping. We'll wait for you in the ice cream shop." Della said."Ok, I'll come to you when I have done." Lucy replied.———————————————Della bought a whole cheese and a big cake of olive oil. The owner gave them a handful of milk candy. Hannah asked indistinctly with candy in her mouth, "shall we go to have ice cream?""Of course." Della couldn't hand Hannah anymore for her full hands, so she had to let her go. "You walk in front of me, slowly." She followed Hannah, watched her skipping along to the ice cream shop, which was Hannah's favourite shop in Diagon Alley, and the road was also the most familiar and clearly remembered way to her. Lucy once taught her to come to the ice cream shop if she was lost in Diagon Alley.Hannah rushed to the counter of the shop, eagerly looking at the ice cream on tiptoe. She turned around and asked her sister, "can I have a chocolate giant?""Sure." said Della. She couldn't finish it before home anyway and Lucy would not allow her keep eating at home.Hannah then got a chocolate giant.The owner recognized Della. "Oh, Della. You look like a Muggle! What kind do you want? Double Rum again?"Della looked worse. This was her favourite one when she came with Fred."No, strawberry for me." She said.The owner's eyes suddenly lit up. He stretched out his hand and waved, "hey, he's behind you!" He shouted, "strawberry…" Then he's suddenly dumb and said to Della awkwardly, "strawberry? I'll get it for you right away."Then he gave her a full cup, piled like a mountain.It was even larger than a giant.And he sprinkled it with thick strawberry jam. It looked like an erupting strawberry volcano.The children in front of the counter all stared at the super ice cream.At this time, a boy with glasses came up in embarrassed, he deliberately averted his gaze from Della. "I'd like three chocolate butter ice creams, the largest one, please.""I may not be able to pile that high." Said the owner."Whatever." Said the boy.Della took a look at the boy. She didn't talk to him since he was avoiding the eye contact with her, but nodded to the girl who was also avoiding her gaze.The girl, Hermione Granger greeted her with a deliberate cheerfulness: "Hi, Della! Is this your sister? How lovely she is! Oh, we didn't notice you just now. You look nice in this way!""Her name is Hannah," said Della.Hannah held the ice cream which higher than her head, licked it happily and said to Hermione, "hello.""Hello." Hermione squatted down to talk to her. Harry Potter behind her was even more embarrassed. He had two ice creams in his hands and one still in the owner's.Obviously, there was one person who didn't come in.He sighed Hermione on foot: "Yours." Then he quickly took over the one in hand of the owner and hurried to say goodbye to Della. He left "see you at school" and ran away.It seemed that their breakup would spread before going back to school.———————————————Harry and Hermione came out for a long time before finding Ron at the intersection."Yours." Harry passed Ron another ice cream and turned to the mouse in his hand."Does it work?" "I bought the medicine and I hope so." Said Ron."You should have come. It's more embarrassed when you didn't," Hermione said, "—So, do they really break up?" Ron rolled his eyes, nodded. Then the three walked slowly down the street."Mom wants to know why, she thinks it's fault of Fred. I agree." Ron can't wait to tell his friends about the biggest accident of the twin's in the last days of summer vacation."He stayed in the room all the time. It was George who came out and brought him the meals. He said Fred was crying in the room — I don't believe it. Mom doesn't, neither. No one at home believe it." Ron said, "but if it wasn't his fault, he would have been loudened out."Harry and Hermione thought of Fred and nodded together. They could not image he crying, nor willingly be wronged."No wonder he ran away just now." Hermione said."Was he in the ice cream shop?" asked Harry."Before we arrived," Hermione said, "he glided very fast, likes a rabbit sees a fox."———————————————George found Fred, "Here you are", passed him a large cup of ice juice."Why not ice cream?" Fred took a big drink. George looked at him in silence.Fred: "Della is in the shop."George nodded.Fred twisted uneasily like a cat with full of fleas. "Did she see you?"George shook his head: "No, I ran away as soon as I saw her. She was wearing a pair of jeans, like a Muggles, very charming. All the boys in the shop were looking at her."Fred hid his face in hands and squatted down in agony. "You will be teased forever by all the boys in the school." George asserted.—If the reason of their breakup was known.Fred drank up all the ice juice in a breath."When are you going to explain to her?" George asked.Fred sucked the ice cube in silence."You have to explain that you didn't mean it."Fred finished the juice, flattened the paper cup, and said, "how can I explain it? —I'm sorry, I was inventing Skiving Snackbox, finding the way to make it work effectively and quickly, so I didn't have time to date with you. Then I let my brother go. You wanted to kiss him, he pushed you down in fright. Could you please forgive me?"He finished and looked at George."She will hate me forever.""She will hate you forever."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 3. The way to ask forgiveness to girlfriendIt's always a mess before school started.The Bush family had three children going to Hogwarts this year.The eldest son Hans, was in Hufflepuff; the eldest daughter Della, was the only Gryffindor in the Bush family; the second son Dick, just received an owl letter last week, and his family was keen to guess which house he would belong to.The living room and dining room were filled with the stuff they needed to bring to school, such as books, school robes, cauldrons, scales, etc. —Some of them were as new as when they were bought.On sofa, there lay three stacks of books.———————————————"Gryffindor, of course, Gryffindor." Hans said, "he's not like a Hufflepuff. He's too troublesome.""I agree with you," said Lucy. She gazed at her little son in the way she judging a pumpkin was perfect or not, "he really looks like a Gryffindor."As the father of the family, the symbol of authority, Jack, a patrimonial Hufflepuff, was recalling whether there was any Gryffindor in his family tree. "I remember, one of my aunts married a Gryffindor…"Lucy: "but it has nothing to do with you, honey. The child of your aunt is not Bush. I think it's all blame to Della."All of them looked at their eldest daughter, eldest sister and eldest sister.She was the first Gryffindor in the family, then Dick, who was born behind her, also looked like Gryffindor."Don't worry, mom." Della mollified her worried mother, "Gryffindor are easy to get along with. They're informal, they won't complain even Dick hasn't change socks for a month.""God…" Lucy held her heart. She felt more worried.After supper, Della and Lucy cleaned the table together. Lucy said, "honey, don't help me, go and pick your luggage. The living room is full."Della had to come out, and saw Jack sitting with Hannah in his arms on the sofa in full of stuff. The wizard radio in front of him was singing. Actually, after listening for a long time, she conceded the music was brilliant and the lyrics were very interesting.In the package of the living room, Della found her new books, new school robes, new parchment, new ink and new quills. Jack saw her arms full of things and said: "I'll take them for you. What about your brothers? They should also come and pick these things up.""I don't know, but I don't think you have to worry about it," Della replied, "they won't clean up until the morning of departure.""It's better to have a girl, neat." Jack sighed.Della was ashamed to agree with him.Her room was at the end of the corridor. There were her room, Hans's and Dick's upstairs. Hannah was too young, still lived with Jack and Lucy. When she was ready to Hogwarts, there would be another room for her.Jack took the stuff to the door of her room, while Della held the door from him. "Dad, here we are. I can take them by myself."Jack understood the shyness of the girl. He put the things on the floor. "Ok, here you are, my lovely little princess."Della raised her face to get a kiss on her cheek. When Jack went down, she pushed the door. The light went on with a bang, illuminated the room clearly.She kicked in the new books on the ground, glanced at the table and bed where there were no space, then put all the stuff on the ground.Let's packing.Firstly, she needed to drag the suitcase out of the bed. This one was bought in the summer of the first year to Hogwarts. It's very large and beautiful. It's bronze leather, and said to be dragon-hide from the seller, but it must be fake. Dragon-hide should be more expensive. On the top, it's decorated with copper nails, belts, as well as dragon's tooth shaped clasps. It was specially chose by her, which looked like a treasure chest of pirates!It's nothing bad except a little heavy.She pulled it out from under the bed, opened it, and found that there were books and notes from last year, unused ink and quills, as well as a hair clip she thought had been left in school, which was used to clip her unruly curls, effectively making her hair carefully combed.She took out the ink bottle first, surprised to find it didn't dry nor spill. Quills also looked new. It has not been written many times, and didn't ink much on the tip of the pen. The feather was still white. It can completely pretend to be a new pen.She put those two things next to the newly bought ink and quills, then planned to take them back to school together.She picked up the hair clip, turned over the corners of the suitcase, and make sure that they were all found. Then she put them in the old sock with only one left. This pair of socks were lovely, but the other one can not be found. After washing, she thought it was a pity to throw it away. Now it's good to temporarily keep the hair clip, in this way she's not afraid to lose it.she took out the old books, threw the useless ones on the ground, and put back the ones she needed.After that, she put the new textbook and stationery in. The opening of the ink bottle was wrapped by magic tape to avoid leakage. The quills were also put into the pen bag.Then come to her notebook. She bought a new one this time to take notes at school. It was a lovely one.Finished above, she put in the fruit gummy, Chocolate Frogs and Bettie Bott's Every Flavour Beans, which were the most important spiritual food after she went to school! Although Hogwarts had a great cafeteria, there was no snack except at the table. She's in fourth grade this year and started from last year she can go to Hogsmeade on weekends, but it's still far from now. Besides, it depended to her pin money when she got there.Finally, came to her new dress!Her school robes were a little short. She was kind of embarrassed when she wore them last year, but considering to wear new ones at the beginning of school, she refused Lucy to buy her new robes at Christmas.The previous robes were washed-out, while the new ones were so smooth and glossy. She put her school robe on her shoulder and turned around in front of the mirror, when the door was knocked."Who?" she asked. "It's me." It's Hans.She threw the school robe on the bed and went to open the door, but tightly held it, went out with only a head space and tiptoed to prevent Hans from peeping into her room."What's up?" She asked warily, "all my pin money is used up. I can't lend you."Hans rolled his eyes. "I'm not here to borrow money from you, I just want to ask you…" He whispered, "will you and Fred make up?" "No." Della replied firmly.He let out a disappointed sound and asked again, "well, what should I say when they ask me?""You don't need to reply!" Della glared.Hans too. He couldn't do it like that. When people asked him, he always answered. He just wanted to ask Della what she wanted him to reply then.Della knew his brother well. She took a deep breath: "you can reply them you don't know."Hans: "I… I don't know?" Would it work?"Say you don't know, you don't know anything!" She said heavily, then slammed the door.Hans didn't dare to knock the door anymore. Actually, he also wanted to ask if Della had any quills. He didn't know where did he put them since he can't find a single one now.———————————————Soon it came the day of departure, but Della couldn't find her new ten pairs of socks! She scrounged around on her bed, desk, but found nothing. She also went to sofa in the living room but found a new quill. She took it and went on looking around. She even asked the family if they saw a small paper bag, "It's my new socks inside." She didn't want to wear the old ones again. In the new semester, everything should be new.Hans shook his head and said, "No. Do you have the 'One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi'? I can't find mine."Della also shook her head. "No. My books have been packed for a long time. Does this quill belong to you?" "Yes, finally!" Hans was ecstatic to find it at last! "Where did you find it? I bought three, but none of them are found!"Della: "on the sofa."Then Hans went to find his quills on the sofa.Jack had changed his clothes, but his favourite earthy yellow bow tie was gone. He turned it out in the laundry basket, it was crumpled. He was looking into the mirror and trying to pull it flat, when he saw Dick running up and down stairs, he asked, "Dick, have you packed your suitcase?"Dick had rushed into the kitchen, left the voice behind, "Almost!"Lucy made sandwiches for them, packed cookies and tucked them into the coat pockets of Della and Hans. "We're leaving. It's half past ten! Are you all ready?" "I'm ready." Della replied. "But I can't find my new socks. Mom, if you find them, could you send them to me?"Lucy: "ok, honey.""Mom, I have two books missing," Hans added, "if you see them anywhere, please send them to me as well."Lucy: "of course, what books are they? You'd better write down the names, or I can't remember."Then Hans went to the kitchen counter to write the titles of his books. He couldn't find a pen nor paper, so he wrote it on a jam bottle. "So that mom won't forget it.""Good idea." Della approved.At this time, Jack clutched Dick and his large suitcase and said, "you're going to be late — mind you, I won't let you put the broomstick in!"Lucy: "Broomstick? Did you just want to take the broomstick? But you said you left your whistle in the broomstick cupboard!"Obviously, it's not a whistle.Lucy had no time to give her little son a talking-to: They were going to be late.They lined up in front of the fireplace, dusted the Floo powder one by one, and flew to London Railway Station.———————————————London Railway Station was full of people every day and every moment. Everyone was hectic, and in a hurry, with heavy luggage to catch the train.The Bush family pushed the cart, Lucy and Hannah followed. Dick was still complaining: He didn't bring the sandwich and biscuit Lucy made for them. He felt he had suffered a loss."You're going to give me something. We should all have it." He said to Della and Hans.As Della raised her palm, he turned to pester Hans.Hans shook his head, "no. If I give some to you, it's not enough for me. You can buy snacks on the train. I remember you have pin money."In Lucy's arms, Hannah ask curiously, "are the snacks on the train delicious?""It's not bad," Della replied. "They have homemade Cauldron Cakes. It's very large and good tastes."Hannah turned to Lucy: "I'd like the Cauldron Cake, too."Lucy replied, "I'll cook it for you when I get home. I'll make a large one."They walked across the Platform 9 and to the wizard railway station and saw the Hogwarts Express. There were more than one train a day. It's said that some trains can cross the ocean, but Della never took them. She hoped she could take the train cross the ocean one day.Today, here were all Hogwarts students in school robes and their parents accompanying.Dick saw boys around his age, some of them had toads on their hat. He remembered that he didn't have a pet. "I don't have a pet. You didn't buy me one. Everyone has a pet."Della: "I don't."Hans: "Neither do I."Both were happy to be against with their little brother.Jack lovingly ruffled Dick's little head. "You want that?" He pointed to the toad, "It's gross."For the little boy, the gross things were the good things — that was, what others didn't dare to have, but they did — that was what heroes did.Dick took the chance, "I've seen it in the pet shop. It can grow even bigger than the largest pot at home!"Della let out a disgusting sound, "Er…"Hans gave a whoop but didn't sound repelling.Della eyed Hans. She never thought his taste was the same.Hans turned to Della and whispered, "I used to want one to raise it.""Then why didn't?" Della asked him in a low voice. Hans: "I was too excited that time to go shopping in Diagon Alley, so I forgot about it." Year by year, he didn't fancy a toad anymore. It's mainly because he's an elder boy. It's babyish to have a toad covered mucus as a little boy liked. He should prefer something match his age, such as Quidditch — but he was not a big fan of Quidditch. He can't play it, nor did well in riding broomstick.They began to say goodbye. Lucy kissed each child one by one as Jack hugged each child. Della and Hans kissed their little sister.Della clutched Dick, who wanted to run away, and asked him to say goodbye to Hannah. "Say you'll miss her and bring her a Christmas present, and ask her what she wants."Being escorted by Della, Dick stood on tiptoe in front of Hannah and repeated the above words.Hannah said: "I fancy stars. I heard there are stars on the ceiling of Hogwarts!" "That's all fake! Only a little fool like you will believe it… Ouch, well, ok. I'll bring one to you, so remain an anticipant to Christmas." Dick replied.When Della let him go, he slipped aside and rubbed his neck. He tattled to Jack: "She pinched me!"His father consoled him, "yes, women's nails are extremely sharp, you'll get used to it."———————————————Finally, they had to get on the train.Dick cheered and pulled his luggage rocketed upward first. It was so light that Della suspected it was empty.Hans insisted her sister to get up to the train first, he came later to say goodbye to parents.Della followed as his wish. After the last goodbye kiss to them, she climbed into the train with her luggage and began to find an empty carriage. Dick had already going nowhere.She firstly met Hermione Granger. "Hi, Della. Girls are all over there.""All right, thank you." Della thanked her then dragged her suitcase on. All the people in the passing carriages and walked up to her pointed at her when she passed by.At first Della greeted to them, "Hi, Ginny.""Hi, Dean.""Hi, Parvati."At last, she stopped saying hello, dragged her suitcase forward, dashed to the front in a breath. There were empty carriages and nobody's here. She got into an empty one, put her luggage above her head, took a breath, sat down and waited for the train moving.The train shook. It looked like a giant had to make effort as he's ready to stand up.Then it started to move, slowly drove out of the platform and began to speed up. The view outside the window also changed, from the spire in the distance to the green mountains and bule sky.After the movement of the train, students began to go out of the carriage and look for friends.Della shared a dormitory with three other girls at school. They were usually very close, but she didn't want to face them so quickly — they must have heard about the breakup, and they would definitely ask her.But she didn't want to reply, nor explain.She hoped no one would come to bother her.Yet it backfired.Fred passed the carriage, looked inside and saw her, he bent down — he was too tall —put his face on the window, chortled at her, looked around before opened the door."Hi, you're here. I've been looking for you for a long time. I have something special for you!" his hand hid in his pocket, mysteriously.Della — in fact, didn't meet Fred after what happened that day. She just threw the words to his brother, "To tell Fred we're done", and ran away.After that, she thought it's not necessary to repeat the declaration of separation to the proper person. Wasn't it good to just go through? They all should be calm about the breakup.That's mature.However, since she didn't officially break up, when Fred came to her like usually he did before and showed her his new tricks, she couldn't bring herself to refuse him.So she kept silence against his passion — he should have understood they had broken up.That's why she's so indifferent.Fred took a handful colourful toffee from his pocket. He blinked at her, took one out, peeled off the sweet wrapper, then put inside his mouth and grinned at her, made faces and winked.Della: "Are you showing me how to eat candy?" Fred spat the candy to his palm. "It must be something wrong with it." Then he rubbed the candy with his tongue: "It should have worked."Afterwards, he felt the swelling of his tongue. It's coming out of his mouth! He pointed at his tongue excitedly, which had promptly reached to his knees, "Woohoo!"See? He made it!Della: "…"Her previous taste… may have problem.Fred, with his long tongue sticking out, was in high spirits. This was the most successful snacks they had invented — although its success rate was low — but the formula would be determined soon! Once it was done, they could mass produce it!His eyes were light and bright with excited, while his tongue had grown to his feet as his saliva streamed to everywhere.Della: "How do you take it back? Do you want to drag it out of the train? You may need a cardboard to tell others what you want to say in this way, or no one can understand."Fred gestured an "OK" to her, rolled the wrapper and tucked it into his mouth, which had been blocked by his thick and long tongue. After a while, his tongue slowly retracked back.He rubbed his uncomfortable chin, took out his handkerchief to wipe the saliva off, then he took out the toffee and put them on the small table. "You can take these to trick others, they would be fooled." He pushed the sweet forward Della.Della: "I don't hate people that much." She thought a while and added, "except you."———————————————George was waiting for his brother in the carriage. When he saw Fred come back, he immediately asked: "How's it going? Have you made up? Does she like toffee?" Fred was not sure: "I don't know. She likes it. She took all the sweet."George: "Then why are you so upset?" Fred: "Well… I may have to be careful to any food Della put into my mouth afterwards.""Wow!" George's eyes widened.Fred: "Besides, she asked me what if accidentally threw the sweet wrapper.""Wow!" George's eyes widened even much bigger,Fred: "I think we need to change the formula to prevent people from throwing away the wrapper by accident, so they have no antidote."George nodded cautiously. "It makes sense." He thought about it and went on, "I have an idea, our potential customers could be lovelorn boys and girls. What do you think? We need to develop some products in this field. It would be popular!"Fred gave a high five: "Good idea!"

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 4. I had a fun for youAt lunchtime, Della's carriage was swarming with people.—They're all Gryffindor, with strong curiosities.They gossiped around two topics. One was Della broke up with Fred again."Fred came to our carriage to find you just now. Did he finally see you? Have you made up?" asked by Angelina, a tall and bonny Quidditch girl."…Probably, he thought we made up." Della was eating the sandwiches made by Lucy and sharing her snacks with others.Angelina shrugged. "Boys.""I think Fred is very handsome, he's so tall." Said Lavender, holding her heart. She was a very poetic girl, easily touched by love.Hermione rolled her eyes and said to Della: "you should let him know, or he would keep pestering you.""No way!" Lavender retorted immediately, "Fred is very popular — although few people can tell him from George — but I dare to say he can find the next girlfriend promptly as long as Della break up with him, while Della may not be so lucky."Angelina trod on her as she finished. Hermione cleared her throat and hasten to say: "Let's change a topic."The second subject was Harry Potter inflated his aunt.Little wizards often made a bit of problems. "I curled my dad's beard when I was young." said Lavender. Because she thought dad's beard was too scratchy."I don't like my uncle," Angelina said, "he always likes to hold me and throw up. Then one day he came to hold me, I threw him into the sky with head down."Hermione didn't do much when she was a child. She raised her chin and said, "I just want to keep reading, so my mom can't turn off the light in my room." They called electricians several times but found nothing, only she knew it was done by herself.Everyone shared something about the childhood, Della couldn't bring herself to nothing, so she said: "I don't like mashed potatoes. I vanished it once my mom made it." She didn't like all the mashed food.———————————————After that, they went to another carriage, Hermione stayed in and comforted her. "Don't worry about what Lavender said. Everyone knows you're much better than Fred."Della was a bit upset. She knew Fred was really charming by girls — of course, she was sure that no one could stand him, except her — but after the break-up, it was her who was pitied.She would be regarded as a "deserted woman".She was a little regret when thinking of this.But the getting along with Fred made her much firm.Fred was not bad. Although he had a tall stature, he didn't know what love was. He didn't know how to date with girl.She said to Hermione: "Sometimes I feel that Fred is a kid, I am elder than him."Hermione nodded, "I can't agree more. Boys experience delayed maturity than girls. If you knew what Ron and Harry had done, you would think they were less than three years old."She petted the cat in her arms and went on, "can you believe it? Ron asked me to keep him in a cage because his mouse is afraid of my cat. But how can I do? It's cruelty to keep a cat in a cage all day."That's why she brought Crookshanks out, so Ron didn't have to say that his mouse was "quaking with fear" or "pathetic".He was a boy, not a little girl! It's so contemptuous.Della stroke the big head of Crookshanks. It was a cat with a large contour. "He's beautiful," she said."Crookshanks is very clever!" Hermione liked her cat very much. "He could understand me. From the first day he came to my house, he didn't scratch the sofa nor sneak food outside."After that, they groomed the cat, rubbed his chin and petted him until the train stopped.Hearing the whistle of the train, Hermione was startled, quickly picked up her cat and said, "oh, here we are! I'm going back to change my clothes. See you later, Della!""See you later." Replied Della."Your brother is in first-year this year, isn't he?" Hermione asked."Yes, he would be a Gryffindor," said Della.Hermione grinned and said, "that's great.""Yeah, that's great…" Della closed the door and sighed.She put on her school robe, packed her luggage, put everything in and threw the rubbish to the bin.Then the whistle sounded again. All students came out of the carriage and got off the train.———————————————"Firs' years! Firs' years over here!"A giant as tall as a telegraph pole stood by the locomotive with a kerosene lamp in his hand, surrounded by a crowd of children who were less than his knees.Della couldn't find Dick. "Della? Let's go." Ginny reminded her beside.Then Della and Ginny joined the flow of senior students. Some of them knew that there was a first-year child in the Bush family this year, and all came to ask Della about it."Is he your young brother?" "Yes, my little brother," Della replied."And what house will he be?" "Will he come to Gryffindor?" Neville asked."I don't think so," said Dean. "The Bushes are all Hufflepuff.""Ahem." Della coughed, she suggested Dean to look at her.Dean made a sound, "well, maybe the Bush family has gone bad since Della."Della raised her wand, grapevine, unicorn-hair. As soon as she did, Dean slipped off.She was very curious about the magic spell when she first entered the school. She learned and practiced it in disorder. Everyone around her was hit by accident, Dean was twice hit. Once his nose turned into a radish, once his ear turned into a cactus, which pricked him scream.She always thought it might be this that finally moved Fred.Otherwise, he rejected many times, "I won't fall in love with a kid."He called her little girl.In fact, she was only one year younger than him.When she stepped on the Hogwarts Express for the first time and walked into the magic world, she really hoped she could have more eyes and was about to walk on air. At this moment, Fred was running around on the train, like a large-size Dick.He pointed at the person with his wand, with a pool of oil came out as a result. The person slipped and knocked him over. He got up and muttered, "why not glue?" as he picked up the fallen person. Noticing her staring, he made a face at her.She thought the boy was much cute than Dick.—She was blind at that time.When the first time she learned magic spells, she felt it was amazing. She even practiced spells as she walked. Her magic spells worked from time to time. Once when on the table, a stream of water suddenly came out from the head of her wand and poured on Fred's head.She found out it was the boy on the train, who was a year elder than her. She hastened to apologized when Fred and people behind in fits. "That's what my mom did to me when I didn't wash my face in the morning," he said.People around laughed louder.Another time was when she practiced turning matches to needles. The magic word was too difficult to succeed. Once she swished her wand and spoke out the spell loudly, a white light flashed and a box of matches on the teapot turned into needles.Fred, who was talking to people in front of the fireplace, gave a whoop and clapped for her: "Good jobs!"Her heart suddenly burned at that moment.Maybe it's all about the filter. She knew by then that Fred was the twin she had always loved and was the one died in the end. She thought he was not only forthy and generous, but also heroic and humorous. In a word, she couldn't help loving him even he got up in the morning with his face unwashed and dirty remained on his eyes.She had leukemia in primary school and died before finishing senior school. Before leaving that world, she hoped her parents would not grieve for her, have another child and raise him well.When she came to the world of Harry Potter, she had new parents and a new family. She was determined to have a wonderful life: to work hard, to experience wonderful days, which would live up to this new life.Therefore, after found out her affection, she couldn't wait for a minute and went to Fred at Christmas.She told him she had a crash on him.Fred grinned with perfunctory, "okay, okay. Had a bet with someone? Lost a game? Need to stand in the hallway and say you like him to the person who comes? Wow, I should have come later. Just now I saw Professor Snape walking toward this way. You're really lucky!"Della: "… I'm truly fancy you."Fred patted her head: "Ok, but I won't fall in love with a kid."Della thought it's just a matter of age, but age wouldn't always be a problem. She chased after Fred, wrote her homework with him — although it would be "taught" by him into a mess — sat next to him at dinner, gave him gifts on Valentine's Day, Birthday and Christmas. She also wrote confession letters.All in all, after a year of her persistence, Fred finally believed that she was not joking, but truly sought after him.He was terrified.He fled from her for a year. She could see his clothes disappear in the crowd several times.There were many people in Gryffindor who stood for her pursuit. They thought it's funny.Whenever she ran after Fred, someone would tell her, "com' on! He just passed by!"Della dropped a thanks and ran after him.Finally, at last Christmas, he accepted her. They had their first kiss in the arcade under the owlery.Thought of the past, her heart suffered with somewhat sweet.Although after a month they split up for the first time because of a very stupid thing.———————————————"Here, Della." Angelina beckoned her.She quickly climbed into the carriage, Fred reached out and pulled her up. She sat as it moved. The carriage walked briskly along the boulevard to the castle. The ground reflected silvery white under the moonlight, the drizzle and fog pervaded in the air, as though the world was covered a layer of cold gauze.George and Angelina sat together. Since she got in, the two had started an "intense conversation" to leave room to their newly reconciled couple.Fred leaned up to her and asked, "hey, aren't you angry?" Della didn't look at him.He craned his head under her face and made a face at her.Della couldn't help bringing a grin. It's funny and stupid to have cockfighting eyes plus white eyes plus tongue against the tip of nose.Everyone in the carriage chuckled and the atmosphere turned more relaxing. Angelina stopped the conversation with George and asked, "what's your brother's name?""Dick Bush." Della replied. "He's a naughty guy, always bullies Hannah at home.""Sounds like a good boy." Fred said.Della: "I beat him three times a day."George and Angelina both burst into laughter.Fred made a face at her brother, then leaned toward her ear and said, "I have something fun for you."Della suddenly let out a smile, took out a toffee from her pocket, peeled off the wrapper, threw it away in the frightened sight of George and Fred, then she turned her head and took the sweet to Fred's mouth. "Come on, have one.""No, no, no!" Fred pushed her delicate hand. The space was narrow in the carriage. He didn't dare to be hard, so he couldn't get away.Angelina was surprised: "It's just a piece of sweet. You can take it."George looked on his brother in danger and said with an evil grin, "yes, that's from Della, go and eat it."Fred had no choice but to hide his mouth with hand and refuse to have it. The wrapper was thrown away, he would drag his long tongue into Hogwarts if he really took it.Della snorted and put the toffee in her mouth."No, no, no!" Fred rushed to grab her: "Spit it out!"George immediately took out a toffee and peeled it off. "Com' on, let her eat it."Angelina looked at them suspiciously, "you let her eat the wrapper?"Della chewed up the toffee against Fred's panicked face, then stuck out her tongue to show him, "I bought it from home."Fred and George took a big breath of relief at once.Angelina understood, holding her arms and smiled grimly: "I remember, you used to invite me to have a sweet." But she wanted to lose weight, so she didn't take it."Remember, Angelina, don't take any biscuit from their hands." Said Della."That's not good." Fred said."Yes, Della. It's his fault. Why count me in?" objected by George.Fred turned around. "But bro, we're twins."George put out his hand, "no way, bro. You let me go."Fred moved his hand around his neck, as Della snorted heavily."So I thought I didn't have to be hated by Della with you." George said.Angelina was interested: "So why did you break up this time?"Della and Fred exchanged a sight and shook their heads together. "Nothing.""It's not a big deal."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 5. A traveller who forgot the key cluesIt was always happy to go back to Hogwarts.Della supposed there's no one in the world would not like it.It's a routine that came across ghosts while walking through the hallway.The ghost of Gryffindor, Nearly Headless Nick, greeted Della fervidly, "Hi, Della. I heard you broke up again?"He took a look at Fred, who came in after Della, was whispering to his twin brother George.And he held Della's hand. Although neither of them looked at each other, no one would doubt that they were not a couple.He shook his head and said to the Fat Friar next to him, "I knew they would not separate."The Fat Friar said to Della, "if you can make it up tomorrow, we can finish our bet."Della shook off Fred's hand. "Ok. We're still in break-up."Then she jostled through the crowd and walked into the dining room.Fred was dumped and found that Della disappeared. He looked up blankly, "what happened?" He looked around. Angelina rolled her eyes, pointed to the door of cafeteria. Fred dropped a line "see you later, bro", and rushed through the crowd.As soon as Della sat down, Neville whispered to her, "they're betting on you.""As though I don't know yet." Della whispered.She already knew.She thought they had lost interest in the betting. What really attracted people was the certain number for this break-up of Della and Fred. But she still remembered the last betting title was how many times they would break up before graduation.Some people swore that they would break up and never contacted each other.But some said they would get married as soon as they graduated, as the cases as the other Gryffindor's couples. No one would get away with the magic of getting married as soon as their graduation — if they were couples at school.A girl around her — senior — seemed to want to ask her about Fred. She didn't want to repeat the story about whether they broke up or not, so she turned her head away. As Fred sat down next to her, the girl jerked her head back and said to the people around her, "see, I said they wouldn't break up.""Damn! I had chip in."———————————————————"Hi." A humid greeting came to her ears. His hand reached out with impertinently tucking a thing in her palm. "I said I would give you a fun."A fluey, moving, warm thing."What's this?" She looked down. A ball of fluff, pink, which was a little bigger than an orange, was lying in her palm. It was trembling slightly as if fear."Oh," she let out a slight breath and touched its fluff. It was soft and warm!"What's this?" The break-up had already gone to nowhere in her brain.She leaned toward him as he did, with their cheeks against each other."A Puffskein." Fred stretched out a finger to touch it."It's pink!" She exclaimed, "did you dye it?""We made a small change." With a little bit arrogant, he said, "but we want to make more colours and smaller, this one is still big.""May I have it?" She grinned and asked.It's one of their successful subjects at this stage. It must be very, extremely important.He and George treated their experiments more important than their little brother Ron. Ron once wanted to sneak into their room and make out what they were doing, but was given a good lashing by the twins.Fred threatened Ron if he dared to peek at their experiment again or tell their mother, he would throw his underpants on the tower of Gryffindor.It paled Ron's freckles in fright."Of course." Fred shrugged, although a slightly grudge could be seen from his eyes, he still looked into her eyes and went on, "here you are. It's a little noisy. You don't need to feed it, but to put it in the closet, it will eat spiders or other small insects."He had a long time explaining about how to raise the improved version of this kind of magic small animals between harmful and beneficial.However, her eyes were concentrated on his and his opening lips. She leaned in.It's a mess around. Everyone was talking and no one would notice them.His eyes seemed to be attached by her, and he lowered his head —"Welcome back to Hogwarts." A voice from Professor McGonagall suddenly louder up serval times and reverberated in the dining room. "Please keep quiet, we're going to start the sorting. Everyone take your seat, please. I don't want to call his name."But her sight was already catching on Della and Fred.They had to bent straight and turn their heads in the opposite direction.People on both sides of the long table were looking at them and laughing.Della tucked the Puffskein into her robe, which made it happily jump in her robe when it came to a dark place. She held it tightly and felt it didn't have any weight, like a light fluff.The sorting began.It soon drew the attentions of people. It's also customary every year to guess which house a new student would go to.Professor McGonagall began to call their names. The first-year stood at the bottom, were nervous and excited.She saw Dick."We all thought you were going to be a Hufflepuff that year," Fred came up to her again and said, "I remembered you're dumbstruck by me on the train."Her foot moved menacingly on his.Fred was not stepped on, but he scented the pain. He warily moved the toe away from Della's foot.One by one, as the name called, unsophisticated children stepped onto the stool.Fred began to feel bored. He made sounds by messing the toffee in his pocket and pulled out one of it to ask Neville friendly, "want one?" Her foot found his under the table and trod on heavily!"Ouch!"A shrill scream came from the dining table of Gryffindor, which grabbed all the sights from those who were attracted by sorting.Fred stood on one foot in front of the table.His twin brother George, two people apart him, was guffawing badly with arms on his stomach.The professors and the headmaster also looked over.Professor McGonagall: "Thank you for dubbing for us, Mr. Weasley."Fred gasped, reacted quickly. "Nice, brilliant, excellent." He clapped and looked around.Everyone laughed and some of them gave him thumbs up.Della lowed her head and sniggered. Sometimes she really fancied Fred for that."Now sit down, please, Mr. Weasley." said Professor McGonagall, "please don't bother us anymore.""Of course, professor. Never again." Fred sat down quickly.Then he stared at Della fumingly. Neville realized there might be a big war, he gave them a wide berth nervously."You can invent a small gadget that allows people to experience the feeling of being trod on the toe when they are punished." Della whispered.Fred's eyes brightened, he promptly had a few spells in his brain, which calmed down his anger a lot. When he remembered he was still in rage, he was no longer angry."You know, you can't always do that to me," he said in grievance, "you trod me too hard."Della: "You can't play your prank at this time!""It's the proper time that makes it more effective." Fred replied formally."It can't be Neville either! He's so timid. You should look for someone who's bold."Fred shook his head: "You girls always take good care of weak as mothers. But I think that's what Neville needs! You know, prank can quickly close the gap between people, that's what it does. If Neville comes in a few times, he'll soon become popular."Della: "No! It could only make him fear school! He would fear the normal communication between classmates! You'll turn him into a laughingstock, or an apple of party. Everyone is keen to make fun of him instead of caring if he can bear it."People around watched the couple quarrel again.They nearly drew the attention of Professor McGonagall.Angelina said, "Della, your brother finished the sorting!""Sorry?" Della suddenly pulled herself together and saw Dick had come to Gryffindor. "I knew…" before she could give him a smile, Dick ran over her, spat at her and sat down at the end of the long table.Della: "…" if it wasn't in sorting, she would have caught the boy and taught him keep his tongue in his mouth.Fred showed her a toffee. "Does your brother like sweets?"She looked at the toffee: "I think he likes it."After the sorting, the food came out on the long table. At dinner time, a news spread on the long table, accompanied by a Daily Prophet."So you can't deny this little thing is very useful occasionally." Fred proudly took out the toffee and put it in a small bowl. He fed all the Mints humbugs in the bowl to Puffskein, which made it smelled like mints. Its body looked like a stomach and began to wriggle slowly. The sound of chewing hard candy could be heard."I admit it's good for revenge, or making merry occasion on the party, also not bad for punitive games." She said, holding Puffskein and looking at it, "will it grow bigger?""No," Fred said, "it will forever like it."He carefully hid the crystal bowl with toffee behind the big plate.She glared at him, but the people around her — Angelina and Neville — both found that the sweets had something wrong — so even if someone was curious, no one really took it.Fred was a little disappointed."You can take one by yourself. Maybe someone will like the effect." She suggested he come first.Fred shook his head. "George and I had taken turns experiencing, but we need more samples."She immediately said: "If you dare to cheat me to eat it, I'll really break up with you. Mark my words."Fred sighed in disappointment.At this moment, a newspaper clipping passed from other table, Fred cast a glance and threw it away."Wait, what's it? I haven't seen it yet." She stooped to pick it up. He stopped her and said, "nothing. Dad told us, it's about a fugitive. But he'll be caught soon.""A fugitive…" Della gasped, unhappily.She still had no idea about how to deal with one of the big challenges of Fred, that's his inevitable death. The meant she needed to kill Voldemort first.…It's too hard for her.She once thought about writing to Headmaster Dumbledore, but the Muggle postmen in her place didn't come. Besides, she didn't know how to address him through the Muggle postmen.It's feasible to write with an owl, but she didn't remember the exactly places of the Horcruxes were. The only clue she remembered was the locket, after all, this clue was written through a whole book. Although it was still a fake one, she was very impressed. She omitted all the other contents of Horcruxes finder, since she was only interested in the affection between Harry Potter and Hermione — yes, until the end of the seventh book, she had always believed Harry and Hermione would be a couple in the end, especially after Ron fell behind and they fled together, she thought the couple would be Harry and Hermione finally!…As a result, well, she was disappointed.Therefore, she really couldn't remember how Harry triumphed the Dark Lord.She looked at Fred, the boy with light in his eyes. Although he made her annoyed, he did not mean it — it was the most irritating thing.She would do her best to save him. Even if they would truly break up in the future.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 6. The best boyfriendThe first morning back to Hogwarts was accompanied by a drizzle.Della looked out of the window and put a scarf in her bag. She squatted there, looked at her suitcase for a while, then she quickly put another big one into her bag.She picked up her schoolbag, tucked the rolling Puffskein from the pillow into her pocket and ran down the tower.On the way to the cafeteria, she met Hermione, only herself, passed by with long strides angrily.She wanted to greet her, but Hermione didn't see her.Well, the trio squabbled again.She strode into the dining room and glanced at the long table without seeing the Weasley twins. Either they had left or they had not come.It seemed unlikely to see him this morning. She moved her heavy schoolbag over her shoulder, with a little irritation. Then she saw Dick. This guy seemed very popular: He was surrounded by a group of people, and he was bending over on the table, talking something mysteriously. Beside him was his unfinished porridge.She went over and wanted to remind her dearly little brother to have a good breakfast even if her mother wasn't there.—————————————————Dick said in a low voice, excitedly, "listen, I only tell you, I was beside them when Della and Fred broke up!"There came an excited exclamation around."They didn't see me, but I did see them," Dick shrugged proudly, "I saw it all!"Everyone came around him.Dick said lively, "at the time…"All of them suddenly scattered.A familiar light exploded over his head, like a powerful slap on his head. After that, the familiarly brown curly hair fell down, like a suddenly snow, which covered the dining table in front of him and his shirt."Whoa!""My god!"Dick touched his head, bald.He let out a shrill scream comparable to Hannah's: "Shit!"Professor McGonagall, who was having breakfast at the head of the table, heard the bad words, was keen to find out the tumult at Gryffindor table — increasing people were congregating, in the middle of which was a little boy sitting in front of the table, stared widely around and squealed, with his hair all gone.Dick shrieked.Della stood behind him. "I've warned you," said his sister.Professor McGonagall came quickly and looked at the curly hair on the ground. It was obvious that they could not grow back to the boy's head, so she waved her wand and disappeared the curly hair.Dick was still swearing, went on with dozens of "shit"."No curse, Mr. Bush!"She didn't have to say anything, just glanced around, all the students who watched them avidly fled quickly."Miss Bush, what did you do?" asked Professor McGonagall calmly."Say hello to my first-day-in-school brother." She looked down and said in well-behaved, "mother asked me to look after him."Professor McGonagall's eyes told her she didn't believe it at all, but she was not very angry. "I don't think your mother ask you to look after your brother in this way. Now, either sit down for breakfast or go to class."Then she turned to look at Dick's head. He even lost his eyebrows, but he did not hurt. She frowned: "What charms did you use?" It's not a transfiguration spell, it's a charm.Della: "It's the Quick Depilation Charm. I changed the emphasis, so it will be gentle. It's convenient to depilate peaches without hurting the skin." It's also convenient to shave head for her brother.Professor McGonagall shot her a look and said to Dick: "Mr. Bush, this charm seems to be complete, but they will grow again. Before you grow your hair, you can wear a hat. If you want your hair grow faster, you can go to the hospital wing to find Madam Pomfrey after class. She will give you a glass of potion. Now, you can go on with your breakfast, or go to class. I think your sister has already greeted you." She looked at Della.Della said of course she would go to have breakfast and never mess with her brother again, while, before that, she took out a letter, spread it in front of Dick, and put a quill to him: "Write it."Dick muttered he didn't fancy taking any potion and threw dark look at Della. As soon as she turned to him, he bowed his head obediently, gripped his quill and complained, "I can write home myself."Della: "Ok, as long as you can write 300 words," she didn't care. "First, greet to mom and dad, as well as Hannah. Then say you were marked in Gryffindor…"Dick was awkward for a while before he began to write. He did write less than 300 words. If he wasn't caught by Della, he might have forgotten to write home.Professor McGonagall saw the harmonious contact between the siblings and left with satisfaction.Dick relaxed a little bit. He was feared as soon as he saw Professor McGonagall: She's too stern to be a hard-core person at the first sight, like aunt Andy."…Write down what you had for breakfast, then kiss dad, mom and Hannah again. Say you will go home at Christmas. Well, that's all." Della stared at him till finished. She ignored his misspelled, put the parchment away, looked at her brother's new hairstyle and said, "you'll have a loud nickname, like Fred said, that will help you fit in."Dick began to spit.Della threatened to point at him with her wand: "I'll stick your lips. You want to try?" Dick took back the tip of his tongue and began to make faces."Listen, as long as you're not nasty to me, I won't restrain you. We have a deal?" Della didn't want a brother who would talk about her love story, she had no choice but to compromise.Dick rolled his eyes at her: "Really? No back out?"Della turned her white eyes back, "do you think I want to take care of you?"Dick happily reached out his hand: "Deal."Della patted him on the palm of his hand, "deal." She turned to go but thought of something, then added, "don't eat toffee recently. If you do, I'll tell mom."Dick began to spit at her with his tongue out.As she raised up her wand, Dick grabbed his bag and bounded away.She snorted heavily, turned around, and ran into Fred's arms.He was covered in mud and water, wet and breathless. Behind him were the other Quidditch players, all of them were the same.Della: "Did you just finish training?"Fred put the broomstick on the floor and sat down. She sat down next to him, watched him take sandwiches, then she poured milk for him. "From what time?" he had dark circles under his eyes.Fred swallowed two sandwiches before turning to her, "five o'clock. Wood pulled us to the court at five.""Oh." She ladled herself with a bowl of porridge in sympathy.Fred swilled down the milk after sandwiches, packed another several ones in a hurry and left. They had to go upstairs to take a bath, change clothes and go to classroom."Wait!" she wanted to give him the scarf, which made by herself. But he's so dirty now… she was torn to choose between gave him the first time since she finished or soiled the present.She stopped him, but did nothing in ambivalent.Fred looked back seeing her without a word, then he left. As he walked backwards, he gave her a thumb up: "I saw Dick's new hairstyle. It's cool!" He almost tripped over the stool, fortunately, George gave him a hand, "watch out, bro!" He also waved hand to Della. Then they ran out of the dining room and back to the tower.Although they didn't talk much, they met at least.It could be considered a quiet full morning in her opinion. Della went to class after breakfast. Their first class was Care of the Magical Creatures.When she got out of the castle, she put on her scarf, which was very wise: Since she arrived to the hut beside the edge of the forest, everyone around her was huddled and shivering. The drizzle enveloped the forest as fog, couldn't be seen, but fell on people's heads and bodies, trembling them with cold.She began to regret that she should give the scarf to Fred.The former master of the Care of the Magical Creatures was Professor Kettlebum, who had been to many places and met many magical creatures. Della liked his class very much. It seemed like reading adventure stories when listening to his class.Started from this year, they changed a professor, the former gamekeeper of the Forbidden Forest, Rubeus Hagrid.He was a half-giant, taller than the Christmas tree in the Bush's living room at Christmas.It was Slytherin with them in class. Slytherins, of course, were evil. She used to like them — in the books — but when she really saw them, she doubted if anyone in the world would like them.Who would like a guy always looked at people with his nose in the air?She always wanted to poke something into their nostrils. If she gave Fred some suggestions, maybe he could invent a funny toy.She missed the introduction of Professor Hagrid because of her out of mind. Now he led them to the Forbidden Forest.Katie Bell was running from the castle. Della waved her hands to her. She was also a Quidditch player."Hi, Della, what are we going to do?" asked Katie."I don't know. Go to see the magical creatures." Della replied. "How's the training?"Katie complained, "disaster."Then she started grumbling about the training plan of Wood."He's crazy. He's about to graduate, but we had bad luck last year. He wants to win back this time…""Of course I want to beat Slytherin, but we can't start training at five every day…"When they stopped, Professor Hagrid began to talk, Katie and she finally took out the textbooks, which were both tied.Katie used an old belt and Della used the magic hair lace, which was very strong and elastic. She once thought it was a convenient and easy-to-use hair band, which could tie her hair for a day without loose. However, she found it was a good tool for losing hair, which could tie her hair tightly as if it's going to pull her hair up.As a result, she had to develop another application of it.Professor Hagrid told them how to open the book. Oh, that's a splendid move! Della wrote it down and was going to tell Fred later, so his prank toy could use that trick.Katie nearly got snapped by the book when she untied the belt. This Monster Book had a mouth of sharp teeth like a hyena. The Gryffindor chaser made a quick backhand and batted the book to the ground.The book was stunned as if it were alive. Then it opened its mouth and snapped at Katie's feet.Della trod on it by conditioned reflex.…When Katie picked up the book and tapped up dusk, Della apologized, "I'm sorry for stepping on your book.""Oh, doesn't matter. I almost trod on it just now." Katie said.The two raised their heads since the crowd around couldn't help exclaiming.Della: "Wow…"Katie: "My god…"In front of them was a huge macaw, as big as Professor Hagrid.As soon as Della thought about it, she saw its nail and four feet — four claws.Professor Hagrid indicated they could come closer to have a look. Gryffindor were all close in around it, Della and Katie were in line behind.Della: "The first-year students are really lucky this year! They can see this!" she hadn't seen such a huge guy in the school teaching activities.All the Gryffindors around were marvelling that such a massive magical creatures could be seen in school.A boy said, "I heard there's a super huge octopus under the Forbidden Forest.""I heard it's a sea monster."Until the end of class, everyone was talking about the legendary big guy in the school. While Slytherin had kept far away, sneered at Gryffindor's excitement, as if Gryffindor were equal to the Hippogriff.This made Della want to throw some dirty on these elegant gentlemen and girls. It must be very interesting to see them screaming.Speaking of Slytherin, it was necessary to talk about the Dark Lord.Last year the Basilisk… It should be a Basilisk. She didn't see it. She recalled it too late last year. She remembered there was a plot of Basilisk in the back of second-year and the frontal part was safety, so she was too busy ran after Fred the whole year to care about anything else. Then, Ginny went to the hospital wing. It was said among the students that she got Rose Rush. Finally, in the summer vacation, she recalled it when she heard Ginny had a big problem last year from Fred.…She really should have impressed Harry Potter on her mind.———————————————-When she met Fred at lunch, she successfully sent out the scarf. Then she heard there was an accident in Gryffindor's the third-year class of Care of Magical Creatures in the morning: a student got injured by a Hippogriff."Who is it?" She remembered he was Harry's friend. She eyed that Hermione didn't sit with Ron and his crowd. They were both enraged."I don't know." She said, then buried herself in the spaghetti on her plate."It's Malfoy." said Neville."Oh." It seemed she got a wrong memory.She turned to Fred and told him that the Hippogriff was beautiful, since it hurt people, they may not see it anymore.Fred winked at her: "I can go to the Forbidden Forest to watch it.""Hey, you can't do that." She frowned in smile.Then they chortled together.When dessert came out, she told him the interesting part of the monster book and the idea could also be used in his experiments. "For example the packages, it may take a little courage to open the box," she said."Good idea." Fred put down his knife and fork. "Wait, I'll write it down." He said as he took out his bag. "By the way, Dick has a new nickname." He motioned her to look at another side of the table. Dick's bald head was particularly prominent in the crowd, it seemed that he didn't go to the hospital wing for potions. The girls around him were watching and cackling while he was kind of proud, maybe he thought it was cool to have bald."What's it?" If there was a mobile phone, she would take a photo and send it to mom and dad."Baldy." Fred said with glee. Then he suddenly said gravely, "hey, we should make a deal. You cannot do this to me if we have a quarrel."Today George reminded him if he annoyed Della, she would probably deal with him as she did to her little brother. Then it would be him who called Baldy in Gryffindor with a bald head.George: "You two can be named as an elder Baldy and a younger Baldy."Della raised her eyebrows, "I'll think about it, if you do well."Fred held his heard: "Honey, I'll be the best boyfriend."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 7. Do something of your ownThe best boyfriend disappeared for a week.In the morning, he had to train; at lunch, he or George would rush to table to pack a lot of fried drumsticks and bread and run away; at night, he would go training or drown himself in homework in the common room.He didn't give a look at Della even if she sat next to him all night.…She wanted to feed him toffee.———————————————This afternoon, Della and Hermione were writing their homework in the dining room. Puffskein rolled around on the table, and Hermione's cat, Crookshanks, lay there, purred in a low voice. His big eyes stared at Puffskein and his tail was swinging around powerfully.Hermione looked uneasily at her cat. "Crookshanks, be nice.""Don't worry." Della said, "there's no weight of Puffskein. It's ok." Puffskein was very strange. It's light and weightless when it was held in hand. It would even be blew away by wind when placed on table, but it's alive and had temperature.Magical creatures were amazing.Hermione and Ron had quarrelled for many times because of their pets. Della, as a bystander, thought Ron was petty. He always thought his mouse Scabbers was weak because of scared by Hermione's cat, for this reason, he had been looking for Hermione's troubles in the common room. Hermione was a girl and he was a boy, while he was not generous at all and ended up in Hermione's back-off.Now Hermione was barely in the common room since she took her cat.Della didn't want to stay in the common room neither, for watching other lovey-dovey people. She just realized there were increasing couples in the school.She gave a pff.Hermione glanced at her: "Your homework hasn't written a word yet, I noticed.""Emm," Della heaved a sigh, looked like a volcano about to erupt.She had been pissed for not seeing her boyfriend for a long time."The best boyfriend." She said."The best boyfriend." Angelina popped up behind her. Della happily looked over and found Katie was also there."Oh! Your training is over!" She jumped up in a rush.Katie and Angelina were both players of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Since they were here, that meant the training was finished ahead of schedule!It's not six o'clock yet!"Why so early?" Hermione was also surprised.Angelina and Katie sat down. They just went back the tower and had bathes, their hairs were a little damp."Wood went to talk to Professor McGonagall about the first game," said Angelina.Della had packed her bag in a hurry, including her zero-written homework. "I'm…" going back to the tower.Before she could say it, Angelina said, "by the way, Fred asked me to tell you he would come down to you in a moment, so you don't have to go up." Three girls grinned.Della could only sit down again and tried to calm down: "Ok." Then she threw her bag back to the ground, she didn't want to do her homework anymore. She began to play Puffskein, lying prone on the table and blowing at it, which led to a tremor of its long, pink fur.This pink Puffskein was very popular in girls' dormitories.Everyone had seen Puffskein in the dusty corner of the house. They were light yellow and often nested together, with long fur covered with dust and cobwebs. Kids might have caught Puffskein when they were young, but parents would give them scolding since they were so dirty that hid in the corner and ate spiders and rotten stuff.However, when it was transfigured to pink, the Puffskein became lovely. It was not dusty, instead, was quiet and easy to raise, as well as convenient to keep.Besides, this was the only one in the whole Hogwarts.Oh, that made her in the spotlight.Della didn't forget to advertise this Puffskein for Fred. To the girls who wanted a pet like Puffskein, she revealed that Fred was trying to get more different colours, so as long as they wait patiently, he would show them sooner or later.Angelina and Katie also came to touch the Puffskein."It's cute," Katie said, "I want one, too.""Yes, it's lovely." Angelina went along with her.Hermione saw they were chatting, she also put away her homework and came to ruffle the Puffskein together.Puffskein found there were too many people around it, then it tried to escape. Angelina, Katie and Hermione rushed to catch it, Crookshanks next to them was also ready to move.Only Della, remined them a step behind at the sight of their acts: "Emm. Don't catch…""Chi—"Puffskein squeaked!The sound was sharp and harsh, high frequency and hard to bear.It stopped as Della quickly tucked it into her bag.They looked at one another, then turned to Della.They didn't expect the voice of this cute creature could sound so bad, yet it's very much in line with itself a pest identity. Although it ate spiders and rotten garbage, it's very dusty. Housewives hated it in the corner of their house, which meant the place needed to be cleaned."It likes dark corners," said Della.She patted her schoolbag and made Puffskein calm down.Katie said, "oh. I don't want to keep it now.""I didn't know it would." Angelina said.It was nearly half past six, the students gradually appeared at the long table waiting for dinner.But Fred didn't come.It's raining outside the castle. The ceiling of the dining room was also covered with dark clouds, accomplishing lightning and thunder. You could even hear the rainstorm if listened carefully.The magic was really realistic. Was it some kind of reflection magic? The ceiling didn't imitate but reflected the weather outside, just like a mirror.Della lost herself in thought. When pulled herself together, she found the long table was almost full, with Fred disappeared yet. Her friends all looked at her with great care."The best boyfriend," Della spreaded her hands, "this is the best boyfriend. He won't make you angry, won't say anything wrong, and you know where he is and what he is doing." Those damn experiments!Katie laughed, Hermione shook her head, Angelina giggled and said, "now we know how the best boyfriend is."The girls laughed together, so did Della. But her rage was almost out of control.Her boyfriend, had been missing for another day.The feeling of last time she decided to break up awoke in her mind. When she saw him at school, she forgot the feeling as well as the vow to the mirror.Now she was alone and had enough time to think about it.She didn't know whether it was her fault or Fred's, since they were clearly not in lockstep.She felt Fred didn't love her as much as she did. There were much important things in his mind than her.At dinner, she mashed the apple pie with a fork. There was no one around talked to her, they all knew she was in a bad mood.The reason was obvious.Weasley twins were not at the table today."Stop pounding your apple pie." Hermione sat beside her, devouring boiled mung-bean sprouts and mashed potatoes.Della pushed her plate away and drank the pumpkin juice. She's full of rage."Would you like to hear from me?" Hermione asked."All right." Della thought she really needed the advice from onlookers. "I want to know." She turned to Hermione, who didn't sit with Harry and Ron again today.It's bad. Hermione had no friend among girls, didn't like dressing up, making her hair nor talking about boys. She only liked reading. She's smart and sharp, strong so as to avoid being bullied by others. Otherwise, she could have been done long ago.She had only two friends, Harry and Ron.But since she had quarrels with Ron and Harry stood by Ron, she became alone, which seemed that she was pitiful. No one in the world did not need a friend, though she showed no need for sympathy.Although Della thought so much, she knew these words could not be said to Hermione, she would not want to be seen through, that would irritate her. If she persuaded her to make more friends, she would reply her she had many friends.As for Harry and Ron, Uh, she didn't think boys would be considerate of girls. It's apparent that even Harry knew Ron was wrong, he still decided to stand by him; let alone Ron, he would not apologize.It's a dead end."…I mean, you should find something to do." Hermione said."Me?" Della found herself. "Find something to do?" Hermione sighed heavily, was cruel to be kind. "Yes. You have been around Fred, when he has something to do, you'll be left. That's why you're…" She made a quick gesture, "always angry, and you're going to have quarrel all the time. Your focus is him but he's not. You should find something of your own instead of having full of affections in your mind."Della: "…" She presumed Hermione had no friend among the girls maybe because she was too blunt.Della looked at her speechlessly and said, "fortunately, I'm a Gryffindor from a Hufflepuff's family. Anyway, thanks for your opinion."Hermione rolled her eyes. With her intelligence, she could understand what Della didn't say. She thought for a moment, shrugged and said, "hope it's useful."Della also decided to speak out her advice, "you know, you can make a few more friends. Your friends are few…" She gave a eye to Harry and Ron."No, thank you." Hermione took a deep breath. Sure enough, it's lousy to be stricken home. "I have a lot of friends," she said quickly.Della thought, she knew it would be like that.Hermione looked at Della, smiled and said, "I have you, Angelina and Katie, don't I?"Della realized a step behind, maybe because of her, Hermione did have a few more female friends than in the original book. She knew Hermione from the book, and took the initiative to make friends with Angelina and Katie because of Quidditch. In the consequence, they four knew each other."Oh," Della suddenly realized, "yes."Hermione grinned.Well, Hermione was right. She really should find something for herself.But she didn't want to be a grand sorcerer, nor having interested in magic spells. Besides, it's too early to think about the future career.Then there was only one thing left.As Della walked slowly down, Hermione asked, "are you ok?"Della looked out of the window at the dark night with raining and lightning. They wrote homework for a while after dinner. It's nine o'clock now."I have something to do. Please take it back for me." She gave her bag to Hermione.Hermione was a little worried about her: "Do you want me to go with you? It's too late now."Della shook her head. "No, I'm going to Professor McGonagall."To find their own professor, which eased Hermione's mind. They said goodbye at the stairs. Hermione went back to the tower, and she went to transfiguration classroom.To do what she thought.———————————————There was no one on the way to the classroom. It was very quiet. The sound of stairs could be heard in the distance, which was coming from the rushing back students.Della ran all the way to the classroom. The door was opened, she knocked and went in. Professor McGonagall was clearing the table.She frowned to see her come in: "Miss Bush, it's very late now, you should go back to your dormitory, or you will miss the lamps out."Della's heart was pounding. She was going to tell a big lie.—But if she didn't, how could she meet Professor Dumbledore?She hoped Professor McGonagall would believe her words."Professor, I… did something wrong, I…" she took a deep breath, kept breathing. She was really nervous.Professor McGonagall frowned. "Come in, close the door."Della closed the door and walked over, still breathing deeply. "I, I have done something wrong. I want to see Headmaster Dumbledore."Professor McGonagall raised her eyebrows and didn't believe her. "Headmaster has no time to solve your little problems. Now, either say it or go out."Della closed her eyes tightly. "Fred and I, we, uh, I don't know what to do now…" She opened her eyes, seeing Professor McGonagall's eyes widened. "Please, I need to see Headmaster Dumbledore, I… don't want to make mom and dad mad."Professor McGonagall stood up and stared at her angrily, but she didn't scold her — she obviously understood what she wanted her to think — she came fumingly to the fireplace and shouted, "Albus, Albus."Headmaster Dumbledore appeared in the fireplace, with his head and long beard. "Minerva, what's up?"Professor McGonagall shot an angry look at Della, "I'll bring a student to see you later."Headmaster Dumbledore nodded, "ok, I'll have mint tea ready."Professor McGonagall got up angrily and said to Della, "come with me, Miss Bush."Even though she was not nice to her, she still helped her."Thank you, Professor McGonagall."Professor McGonagall was still fumed, "stupid girl."Then she took her out of the classroom. When she locked the door, Professor Snape appeared across the corridor. Professor McGonagall said, "oh, Severus, could you patrol for me today? I'll take the student to see Albus and come back in a minute.""Of course." said Professor Snape slowly. His eyes checked Della out unfriendly but said nothing more.Della had goose bumps all over her. She always thought Professor Snape could see through people's hearts, so she lowered her head.She followed Professor McGonagall closely, walked through the long corridor and up the stairs. As she passed Gryffindor's floor, professor urged the students to go back to the dormitories. "It's going to be lamps out! Come on, go! Mr. Creevey! If I find you fiddle with your camera again, I'll confiscate it!"A small guy quickly slipped through the crowd, holding in his arms an old camera which was obviously too heavy.A lot of Gryffindors saw Della, they were full of curiosities and some of them expressed their inquiries by making faces — you had to admire Gryffindor, their faces always had a variety of implications.She replied them with a "I won't tell you anything" face.Finally, she and Professor McGonagall came to the headmaster office.Professor McGonagall knocked at the door."Come in, come in." The door swung open, an office like a kaleidoscope or the most attractive Halloween shop you can image was revealed.She saw the sorting hat on the cabinet in front of the door.On her left was a giant rotating astrometer, with earth, sun and many other stars.There were a lot of colourful things that she didn't know and couldn't name them out, which were twinkling and sparking.She saw a sober gentleman in the painting opposite her making a pig nose face at her! She could see his vibrissa.Della was jaw-dropping and occupied."That's Sir Pince." Headmaster Dumbledore introduced with a smile.Sir Pince straightened his clothes and sat properly at once, stern and stiff, like an old- fogey.He nodded to her and Professor McGonagall coldly, hardly could see he had just made a face at her secretly.Della immediately pulled herself, caught the angry and — suspicious sight from Professor McGonagall — well, she didn't look like a troubled young girl just now.Headmaster Dumbledore smiled, "Della, come and sit down. I heard you have something to tell me?"Dumbledore could remember the names of all students at school. It's said that he remembered all the students of Hogwarts over the years, and he always called them by their given names.Della stepped forward quickly and looked at Professor McGonagall sheepishly. "I want to speak to Professor Dumbledore in private."Professor McGonagall almost understood she had been cheated, which made her face worse.Her face turned red to white, her hands clenched.Della was very sorry, but she had no choice. She couldn't tell Professor McGonagall what she wanted to say, since she's not sure if there would be a change when anyone else knew. She had only lied.Headmaster Dumbledore said, "all right, Minerva. I remember you should go on patrol. Just leave me Della.""Ok." Professor McGonagall's throat tightened. She replied stiffly, then turned to go out.At the sound of the door closing, Della wanted to say something, but the first words she said was, "I lied to Professor McGonagall, she must be very sad!"Dumbledore smiled to her and said, "Then you should go down and apologize to Minerva. She will forgive you."Della nodded and shook her head. From her point of view, Professor McGonagall was not such an unprincipled person. "She may never forgive me." Send a gift to professor at Christmas, she hoped it could work.She put these aside first and said, "headmaster, I have a thing that I have been uncertain about. I think… I think I should tell you anyway! No one can solve this problem better than you!"Dumbledore gestured, "please sit down, Della. Have a cup of tea, take your time. What's the problem?"Della followed his words. The huge sofa chair adjusted its cushion to make her sat comfortable as soft as if she's going to sink in.She held the teacup and tried to speak felicitously — without any flaw."I and Fred, the twin of Weasleys.""I know." Dumbledore smiled and blinked at her.Della tittered. She thought about every word seven to eight times in her mind. "His brother, Ron, we don't know each other very well. He has a pet mouse. After back to school this year, Hermione, Hermione Granger, has a cat, the cat always catches mouse."Dumbledore was patient, even if she didn't know what she's talking about now."And then the mouse was sick all the time." Della swallowed, "I heard from Fred that the mouse was Charlie's pet, then it was given to Ron." She saw the Headmaster Dumbledore, opposite her, had become serious."It lives too long," Della said nervously, "I've heard from dad, I suppose, …I don't know, I guess it might be a little weird?""Thank you, Della." Dumbledore stood up. "Come on, I'll take you back to your dormitory. Don't tell Ron and your friends about it, will you?" "No, I won't." Della hurried to her feet.Well, now, she's at least one step forward.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 8. The knotting loveDella followed Headmaster Dumbledore back to the Gryffindor tower.What a novel experience.A variety of the figures in the paintings on the corridors and stairs on the road said hello to Headmaster Dumbledore. They were not so enthusiastic to students at ordinary times.They also met the ghost of Gryffindor, Nearly Headless Nick. It's said that he was a knight and had a sense of justice. When they met him at the entrance of the stairs, he patrolled back and forth in dashing, unsheathed his sword when heard any movement, and looked around vigilantly.Seeing Headmaster Dumbledore, he immediately said, "Headmaster, I'm patrolling here!""Very good, Sir Nicholas!" Headmaster Dumbledore replied at once, "we need such a warm-heart and brave person as you!"Nearly Headless Nick was encouraged and stepped more vigorously.Della couldn't help bearing more solemn and respectful to Sir Nicholas. She never knew this name of the ghost, she used to regard him as a funny role.Compared with Headmaster Dumbledore, she had a lot to learn.She said to the ghost, "thank you so much for your protection, Sir." With one hand holding on her heart, she looked like a delicate young lady.Nearly Headless Nick gave her an elegant court ceremony, it seemed that he would like to give her a hand-kissing. "Dear miss, you can rest assured."When they were far away, the ghost was still in patrolling, with joyful. After all, he met a lord and a miss, both of them expressed their gratitude and respect to him. What else did a knight need? Nothing!Dumbledore looked at Della with a smile, "I always thought you and Fred were a perfect match, you're both excellent childen. That's better if you can give me an invitation when you get married in the future."It were a song in her heart, "headmaster, if you like, I'd like to invite you to perform our wedding!""Excuse me." Professor Snape suddenly appeared at the intersection as if he had come out of the ground.Della let out a silent scream!It showed mocking in his eyes — God! Think about what she just said! What if he spoke out?! She would be deadly teased at!Della wanted to die!"Severus, I'm looking for you." Headmaster Dumbledore said, "wait a second." Then he turned to Della, "Della, can you go by yourself when you get here?" Della immediately replied, "of course. Good night, headmaster. Good night, professor." Then she wished she could ride the broomstick and fly away!She hurried back to Gryffindor. As she scrambled into the hole, she heard professor McGonagall's voice in the common room, she shivered. Everyone inside standing or sitting were listening to Professor McGonagall.Professor McGonagall was a little chilly, but as usual to her, "Miss Bush, you're a little late. Now stand among your friends."Della's voice had never been so ladylike: "yes, professor. Right now, professor." Then she wished she couldn't shrink into a Puffskein to slip into the crowd and disappear fast enough.As she huddled in the crowd, she heard Professor McGonagall saying, "…The Ministry of Magic sent people to catch the fugitive. I hope that during the period of time, you'll not run around…"Harry became the focus of the crowd.Everyone knew the fugitive was coming for him and his life.It made Harry annoyed.Especially when Professor McGonagall said to him, "I hope you're capable of doing the right thing this time and not making mistakes again."He knew that professor was referring to his previous night-out, annoyed but couldn't refute it, so he just bowed his head and promised, "yes, professor."Professor McGonagall snorted, glanced at the troubled twins, Fred and George, then finally settled on Della."I hope you understand it's not the time for you to play tricks on your cleverness."She turned to go out, but suddenly came in Headmaster Dumbledore and Professor Snape.The former cheered Gryffindor while the later made them wrinkled their noses."Albus?" asked doubtfully by Professor McGonagall. Then she thought of Della and took a look at her, who lowered her head and didn't know what she was doing.She just made up a stupid lie and played with her cleverness, but forgot she was a girl. Now it appeared that she did say an important thing to the headmaster at least."Nothing, I just came to have a look," said Dumbledore with a smile.Gryffindor watched Headmaster Dumbledore take Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall to visit their dormitories, each of them. The boys' first — blankets fell on the ground, dirty socks went everywhere. Then to girls' — in fact, it was almost the same: clothes were piled on the bed, books were on the ground.Headmaster Dumbledore even picked up the Puffskein on Della's pillow and rubbed it with a smile.Della had no idea whether they had found the mouse or not.After the headmaster and professors left, it was time to go to bed, Ron came out to take his snacks into bedroom. He said to Della and Fred, who could hardly spare time to sit and talk together, that his mouse had gone.Ron said in fear, "I hope he's not eaten."Fred didn't want to deal with his little brother, so he waved and said, "don't worry, Ron. He may just have died somewhere. He's lived long enough." He was looking at Della's homework and correcting it for her. When Ron left, he turned to her but found she had been looking at Ron all the time. He also looked back at his insignificant brother, covered his heart and said, "tell me you're not in love with someone else.""Yes." answered Della casually.Fred gave a Whoa, but his face was not as relax as he used to tell jokes. He tittered: "Who is he? I want to give him a present.""Toffee?""More than toffee," he shrugged, "I have a lot of tricks." He looked around. There were not many people in the common room now, most of them had gone upstairs.He came close and whispered to Della, "listen, I'm sorry. I forgot…""Forgot that you had told Angelina to come to me, forgot I was waiting for you." Della went on for him.Silence, embarrassment and anger spread.The few who were left quickly got up and went upstairs.The fireplace crackled."Are we going to break up again?" Fred shrugged, grimaced and wanted to smile, but he's upset, he didn't want to break up. Every time they broke up, he's afraid this time Della really couldn't stand him and leave him.God, he really loved her.He clung to her hand and waited for her sentence.Adjudicated his fate.Della was silent, she's thinking.At last she shook head. "No. I don't want to break up with you. I love you. Although we have problems, we can…" overcome.Didn't finish, she was kissed.She was cradled in Fred's arms and kissed hard.It was cut when George went down to find his brother and see if they quarrelled again for break-up.Although he went back to stairs at once, he still gave them a strike.Della was breathing heavily, a little confused about time and place. She grabbed Fred's hand out of her shirt, stepped on his feet and ran upstairs angrily.She even didn't dare to look at his face.And expression.Her own face was so hot that could fry eggs.George hugged the wall to leave space for Della's madly rushing. Then he came down and looked at his brother."Whoa," he bantered, "you're fuming." His brother looked like a chimney, burning red in both sides."Shut up." Fred was panting violently, with his eardrum beating. He could hear his heart beat and the sound of flowing blood, seemed loudly enough to be heard by George.He couldn't help licking his lips, in numb, but the feeling was clearly imprinted on him. He felt he would never forget this kiss in his life.George looked down and said, "you've better calm down to go up, bro. We have three roommates."Fred roughly covered with his scarf. He's still shaking.George: "…It was made by Della."Fred picked up the scarf as if he had been scalded.George: "…want me to leave you alone?"It was answered by a book thrown from his brother.———————————————The next morning, Ron finally convinced his mouse was gone. He thought the culprit was Hermione's cat, so he kicked her cat as it passed.Hermione jumped up and hugged Crookshanks. The two quarrelled fiercely.Della watched beside them. The more she listened, the angrier she felt: Ron was unreasonable — perhaps because she didn't like Weasley now.Moreover, Hermione was about to cry.Della shaved Ron's head directly with her wand.When Ron's red hair fell, the common room went in silence.Hermione's tears were scared back.Ron kept touching his bald head, looking at his falling hair, choked: "No, no, no…"He looked at Della and felt unfairly treated, then turned to Hermione. There were tears in his eyes.He grabbed his bag from Harry, turned and rushed out of the common room.Romilda Vane held her heart, "oh, my god…" She turned to Della and said, "this time you're really going too far, Della."She turned to Fred, "aren't you going to say something?"Fred was drooling all over Della. His eye sight was attached to her since she came downstairs.George: "No, don't ask him now."Fred, a step behind, responded to Romilda Vane: "Of course Della is right." He went to Della and want to hug her. While thought of his misbehaved hands last night, she glared at him ferociously. He had to flinch, "good job, dear," and gave her a thumb up.Everyone laughed off, started to go out from the hole to the dining room.When arrived at the dining room, Ron Weasley's new nickname had come out. Like Dick, they were elder Baldy and younger Baldy. Although Ron didn't eat breakfast and ran to Madam Pomfrey to take the potion. After that, his hair grew again, but his nickname "Elder Baldy" had still gained popular.He hated Della, but Fred was waiting at the door after her Herbology class — he never did it before. He took Della's bag and said, "I've warned Ron not to get Hermione in trouble."At lunch time, George "ratted" on Della at table. "He went to warn Ron not to trouble you."Fred kicked George and asked Della gently, "would you like a lamb chop, honey?""Be normal. Stay away from me." Della "threatened" Fred with a knife. He made her goose bumps.Fred looked at her with "doted" sight.She did get goose bumps.———————————————His abnormality lasted for two weeks, and finally stopped trying to be her followers. She breathed a sigh of relief and for the first time realized that "inseparable" love was a sort of torture.When she told it to her friends, Hermione, Angelina and Katie all in fits.Della was reflecting on herself, "did I put so much pressure on him before?" Then she did it wrong.Hermione quickly comforted her, "you are not so much as he is. You've never waited for him after class."That's because he always ran away after class, and she couldn't meet him after going through half of the school to wait for him at the door.—She was horrified to find that is was because she couldn't instead of didn't!As a result, she really used to be a stalker.Angelina burst into tears, laughed and suddenly told a secret: "You know, when Fred accepted you, we always thought he wanted to play a trick on you.""Because I've been hounding him too much?" she asked.Angelina looked at her and nodded, laughing uncontrollably, "you talked to him every day, must sit beside him when you eat. You stared at him every meal he took. Even if he talked to others, you would listen attentively." She took a look at Katie and they nodded together. "It's really scary."Della looked blankly, "I thought I finally touched him." How could he be moved if he was mad by her?Three girls exchanged a look, they found they said too much and make trouble to the couple!Then they change their tune right away.Angelina said quickly, "of course, you moved him."Katie followed and assured, "yes, he's moved for you! I remember a time when you didn't come to watch him play Quidditch, he looked back on the broomstick all the time and almost fell down."Hermione was more honest. "I guess it's finally you're tall. You're five feet six. You're a big girl, and pretty as well." She took it for granted, "isn't it normal for him to be attracted by you?"Of course not!She thought he was moved by her true affections!Instead of her flesh body!Fred finished the Quidditch training and ran away, leaving Wood's calling behind."We are going to have match next week!" Wood was angry.George said, "no way. He can't hear God's call now. You can tell me, it's all the same."Wood had no idea but to. "Well, remember to tell George, victory…"George said with him: "—must be ours." He nodded hard, showing he had a strong memory. "Ok, Wood. I'll remember to tell him. You have been saying in our ears every day this week, I promise we'll never forget even in our dreams."Fred took a bath and ran into the dining room with his hair dripping. Seeing Della and Hermione were doing their homework, he rushed there, panting.Della looked up, saw he was sniffing at his sweater-front — he must be thinking whether it was clean or worn."Hi!" He said enthusiastically, sat down next to her.Hermione muttered with "ok, ok" chant as she picked up her homework and changed her sit.To leave the couple a space.Fred looked at his better half in passion, but Della's eyes were full of doubt and examination."What's up?" He quickly recalled everything he had done recently — he had done nothing wrong.At least didn't do anything wrong to Della.He was a good boyfriend, the best one.Della: "What do you love about me?" "Oh." Fred was surprised to hear this question at once — everyone knew the answer! Every woman would ask her better half about that. But when he replied, he still couldn't help himself being afraid that he would not answer good enough."All." When he finished, he felt that only one word was too little to describe, he began to count from the beginning: "your hair, your eyes, your lips, your smell…"Della's face was getting worse."Anything of you." Fred said affectionately, wished he could kiss her right here.Della was silent for a while and said, "I don't think you love me that much."Fred was at a loss. Wasn't that enough? He immediately racked his brain to think.Not far from them, Hermione couldn't help covering her face."God…help me…" She murmured.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 9. The boyfriend who gave you his walletDella's snacks were finished in the first week after school. Fortunately, in the third week, they could go to Hogsmeade, the only one wizard village in the U.K. You didn't have to pretend to be Muggles here, all the shops sold magic food and magic stuff.She had an appointment with Hermione to have a good time, she could go there this year.Hermione was excited: "I've heard from you countless times! Oh, I fancied going there a long time ago! Diagon Alley is great, but I want to see how wizards usually live!""No difference," said Della, "it's the same. There are bakeries, candy stores, butchers, two bars, and some other stores. They're no different from ordinary towns." Of course, it's amazing since it's magic.Hermione said, "seems like you've been to a Muggle town?"Della: "…"Being ecstatic for a while, Hermione fell again."What's up?""Nothing." She sighed and peeped at Della. "I mean — you're going with Fred, aren't you?" She shook her hands, "it's ok. I can go with Katie them."Silence fell, "…In fact, no. He has something to do."Hermione immediately suggested, "let's change a topic, ok? I wasn't curious about your love story. The magic hair band you mentioned last time, I think it's good. I hope to find a same one in Hogsmeade."Della waved hand, "forget it. It almost pulled all my hair off. But the magic hairclip I saw last time is not bad…"—————————————————It's destined to be four girls to Hogsmeade.Fred said sorry to her all night before she went. "Our experiment is close enough, and we will soon succeed! We have to fight every second now!" "I see, I see, I understand." Della gave him a kiss across the air. Since last time, she felt she should keep a distance from her boyfriend to avoid further problems.Fred pouted his lips and was fanned aside."Remember to tell me when finished, I want to be the first one to play." She said with a smile."Sure." Fred said, "listen, I have a new idea…"The next day, snowed heavily, it's Halloween today.Della wore a cloack, had a scarf and a hat, tucked Puffskein in her arms, then came to the common room to meet Hermione and Angelina.Hermione was sitting with Harry, Ron was on the other side. They seemed to have made up for a while.Della went to Fred, who was immersed himself in his homework. Since he contributed his time to Quidditch training, experiments and girlfriend, he had to make use of every bit of time to write his homework."Hey." She patted him.Fred raised his head, beamed and opened his arms, "come on."She sat in his arms and gave him a short kiss. People swarmed around, she was not afraid of his misbehaviour.Fred cleared his throat, sat her on the opposite sofa, looked around, and pulled a wallet out of his pocket."What can I buy for you?" She took it and asked, pulling a piece of parchment to write.Fred turned his sight to the ceiling, the floor, the people around him, then said, "they said, when a boyfriend can't go shopping with his girlfriend, at least give her his wallet." He turned to smile at her."Oh, no." Della quickly returned the wallet. Fred was a less well-off boy. When they were together, she got to know the predicament of the Weasley. Although it's a cheerful family, they did have some difficulties in life: there were too many children in the family.Fred and George had been working on a big plan. They needed to buy their own materials, so their pin money was not enough.The most thing they did was having ice cream together when Della and Fred were dating.It's still split the bill.She had been paying attention to save his money.Fred refused to get his wallet back. He whispered, "not much. I'm even sorry to take it out. Maybe it's just enough for some chocolate and two hair clips or so. I just hope if I don't go, you'll have a good time."She was really moved.It gave him an opportunity to kiss her hardly when she couldn't refuse, until everyone began to walk out and ready to Hogsmeade.He let her go: "Have a good time."Della bent down and kissed him in the face, "ok." Turning around, she found Angelina and Katie shaking their heads, ignoring her and going to the door.She quickly followed as she called Hermione. But only Hermione and Ron came, Harry was still sitting on the sofa."Why?" she asked.Hermione pulled her away and Ron left as soon as he saw her. He seemed afraid of her."Harry can't go. His uncle didn't sign for him."Della: "Oh…" Was it?Then she really sympathized with Harry. It's a pity he can't go to Hogsmeade.There were few students who didn't go, they would rather spend all their money and didn't want to leave.Della saved a lot of money. She took Hermione to Honeydukes first.She took a small basket and grabbed a large pile of Cockroach Clusters. They were all cockroach like sweets, would move and fly. Even their antennae would vibrate when you ate them.Hermione was scared away: "I can't stand this. I'll go there."Della like this kind of strange candy. She also took some other insect candy, all moved. Then she went to get Chocolate Frog, moved too.Hermione was very restrained in picking sweets. According to her, her parents were dentists and she was not allowed to eat sweet since childhood, "for the sake of tooth health.""You don't have to worry here," Della comforted her, "I haven't heard of any wizard who has cavities. You can rest assured of sweets."She was excited to hear this, but she didn't buy much. She was restrained to pick five or six sorts of them and went out."I want to bring some to Harry." She said.Della: "Let's go to Miss Tiffany now."Miss Tiffany was a shop specializing in selling girls' products, decorated with pink, filled with lamps like star and perfumes.It's full of girls.As soon as they walked in, they couldn't move at the first counter.The top was perfume, next to it written "just a drop, you can get his heart", and some samples.Della sprayed a little on her wrist, sniffed, then her face turned red. It liked the smell on Fred's sweater as she could smell in his arms.Hermione did it too, but her face looked normal.Della fanned her feverish face: "Do you like it?"She had a bottle in her hand.Hermione said, "it's strange. I smell the polish of wood, and wood, like… a broomstick?" She asked Della, "what about you?"Della cleared her throat, was upright, "the smell of clothes… Just washed and dried."They both took a bottle at last.———————————————————The first Quidditch match, Gryffindor vs. Hufflepuff.Considered the record so far, Hufflepuff was not match to Gryffindor. But tactically, Gryffindor must be careful with every opponent. They had to win high mark each time to win the House Cup at the end of the term.Fred repeated the words in her ear, sighing, "Wood would rather squat by our pillows every night, so that we could have him even in our dreams."Wood, the captain of Quidditch team, was seriously walking around the table, mobilizing everyone before the game — even through they would play on weekends.She saw Katie was deadly choked with pumpkin juice by him, and Angelina said before he opened his mouth, "don't, I know. Go find anyone else."Hermione didn't sit next to Harry and Ron today. Della thought they had made up on Halloween, but it's still as same as before.Ron declared he would never forgive Hermione and Della. While Della didn't need his forgiveness, and Hermione was determined not to say a word to him.According to Della, Ron was ashamed to ask for make-up first, he did feel he was ill-tempered to Hermione and Crookshanks that morning.It's from Romilda Vane, who kept comfort Ron after that day, difficult to distinguish the genuine or fake.Hermione said she didn't want to coax a little girl.While Harry, wanted his two friends make up, but he can't leave Ron behind. Ron was down in the dumps since he lost Scabbers. Although he was just a mouse, Ron had only one pet. Harry told Hermione Ron did cried, and cried bitterly at the hospital wing, didn't know whether it was for his hair or for Scabbers. Fortunately, he got his hair back, but it grew too long. Thanks to Madam Pomfrey's haircut, or he would have long hair like an Afghan hound.After breakfast, Hermione ignored the cold attitude of Ron and asked Harry how he was getting ready for the match.Harry replied absently, "Wood said I can't catch the snitch too early. We need to gain more points and win them in one stroke…"Wood came up like he popped out of the ground: "Harry! You can't talk about our tactics!"Harry realized, "I'm sorry, I forgot!"Hermione rolled her eyes since Wood was warily looking at her."You want me to swear that I'm not a spy from Hufflepuff?" she asked sarcastically.Wood blushed. "I'm sorry, but we can't lose, from the first game! We have to win!"He began to say to Harry: "Gryffindor must be careful with every opponent…"Harry followed with a bland voice: "we must win very high mark every time…"Hermione left with Della. She shook her head, "they're all crazy indeed."Della groped around in her bag, she couldn't find Puffskein.Hermione asked her, "are you going to watch the match?"Before Della could answer, she said, "oh, I don't have to ask. You mean to go."It wasn't there. Della thought it might have been left in her dormitory. She turned to Hermione: "So, are you going?"Hermione was torn. She wasn't interested in Quidditch, but Harry, Katie, Angelina were all her friends, besides, Della was there. She took a look at the gloomy sky, "ok, I'll go. As long as it doesn't rain."———————————————————The sky had been gloomy and cloudy.The classroom was warm thanks to the fireplace. This was the Defence Against the Dark Arts. The new professor was a Gryffindor.This course was interesting. It had changed a new professor every year. Since she enrolled, only this class had new textbooks every year, while the others were said to kept using for more than 100 years.The new professor was Remus Lupin. He looked more like a Hufflepuff, gentle and knowledgeable. He never got angry or stern at class.The only thing made he like a Gryffindor was he's excelled at dealing with the troubles from Gryffindors in class.Today's lesson was the Red Cap, a kind of ugly creature, probably not much bigger than potatoes. They had sharp nails and looked like people, but they ate people.For wizards, they were merely a little more troublesome than cockroaches.The way to get rid of the Red Cap was simple: Read the Bible.The students in class all cachinnated.Professor Remus Lupin, who was leaning against the desk, stood up and came to students, stroke his old wand and said, "this is a common method used by Muggles, and it does work. But for a wizard, a simple charm is more useful than reciting a Bible. Please don't hold up your wand and repeat with me—"The spell was called Luminosity or Glare Spell, which could quickly release a huge strong light to make those goblins who lived in the shadow and depression suffered. Since their eyes were sensitive in order to see the objects in the dark, the sudden strong light would hurt their eyes as if they were blind.The exclamation came out from the boys of Gryffindor and Slytherin, they were all beyond happy.Obviously, the jinx was welcomed among them although it could be a little cruelty.They learn merely a charm in this class."The professor is not bad." Della said to Katie.All he taught were practical spells. This was the second time she had learned more in the Defence Against the Dark Arts class than she had imagined.The last professor who surprised her was Professor Quirrel. But it was only after his sudden death that reminded her he was a villain. It struck her after last year Professor Lockhart also went to St. Mungo's Hospital for vacations at the end of the semester, that she remembered there was a saying that all the professors of the Defence Against the Dark Arts had problems.Therefore, this year she had been keeping attention to this ordinary Gryffindor professor.She didn't find out any problem with him so far.…Should she go to talk to Dumbledore again?After class, Professor Lupin assigned them bibliography to read and write papers on the habitat of the Red Cap and the way of dealing with.He put up two fingers: "I've talked about two kinds in class, you're going to find the third on your reading and write into your homework."The students dispersed in an uproar. Della decided to ask Hermione the worth reading books. She was always right with all the book questions.When she came to the dining room and was packing her bag, Hermione came in a hurry and patted a book in front of her. "Here you are, I borrowed it. Chapter 7 and 19 are both written in Red Cap."Della treasured up the words, holding the book to her heart, "that's what I need!" But she suddenly felt something queer. She turned her sight between the book and Hermione: "…I don't think I've told you yet?"It's strange that she hadn't say anything to her yet, how could she know she wanted her recommendation?Hermione froze, nervously said, "oh, I forgot. It wasn't you. It was… Harry!" She snatched the book from Della's arms. "I forgot. It was Harry asked me. Hehe…"Della quickly put aside the confusion and snatched the book back: "I need it, too! I want to do my homework. Harry has a match tomorrow, he won't read it. Let me take it first, and then I'll give it to him."Hermione took a breath of relief, sat down and said, "give me when you've finished. I want to read it, too."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 10. The pastSaturday came the Quidditch match. But from breakfast in the morning, the ceiling showed stormy.It's not much better outside than the cafeteria.Della reckoned the match may be stopped by weather. But Wood, the captain of Gryffindor Quidditch team, went back and forth to see if it was raining. He thought it could go on as long as it rained a little bit lighter."We've been training for a long time! We will win this time!" he said.He's not the only one crazy guy on the Quidditch team. Even Fred thought a little rain was all right, so did Harry.Katie shrugged and put on a hat, "this is Quidditch."Neither she nor Angelina flinched."They're crazy." Della said to Hermione, suddenly smelled the perfume on her scarf. Strangely enough, it didn't smell like Fred's sweater when used in someone else. Now it smelled like parchment and books, also good smelling. To Della, it smelled like Hermione."It smells good." She said.Hermione blushed and nodded, "I think so. You know, I used to…" she shrugged, "be not interested. Now I admit they're a little useful." She sniffed her scarf and smiled, "it makes me feel good."Harry was sitting next to her. Fortunately, he and Ron could sit next to Hermione now, but Ron still refused to be closed to Hermione, Harry had to sit between his two friends.He sniffed at Hermione. "Yes, it smells good."Hermione turned much redder, but she acted calm."What do you smell?" asked Della. Harry was blankly, "parchments and books, as well as the dragon blood ink…, desk, the smell of the library.""That's what I feel." Della said, "this magical perfume seems to show their own fragrance on people."Fred had finished eating. He heard the word when he got up. "Really?" He lowered his head and sniffed at Della's head, "then you smell like…" He blushed. "Good smelling."Della looked at him curiously, sniffed on herself. She felt it was just an ordinary orange and flowers fragrance, sweet and sour.She looked at Fred, suspected if he smelled something weird.She asked Hermione: "What do you feel?"Hermione sniffed and said, "orange candy, sweet and sour. My mouth is watering."It's surely normal.She kept asking Fred what he had smelled. It was a magic perfume after all. Did she smell bad from his perspective?From his face, she inevitably had other associations.She chased him all the way to the outside of the castle. He looked around the people, pulled her to the corner and said, "it's the taste of orange candy, I got when I kissed you."Della's face turned red at once.Fred thought the perfume was a good idea, and said he wanted one, too. What could he smell like?He asked curiously if it smelled like orange when she bought. She shook her head in red, "no. I got your smell when I bought it."Fred was instantly curious, he went after her to ask what his smell was.But she refused to tell him. He kept asking her until he met his teammates.—————————————————————Della climbed to the stand. The seats were all wet. She stood in front of the rail, surrounding by Gryffindor. Hufflepuff were opposite them.Hermione came out of nowhere. "You wouldn't worry later.""When did you catch up?" Della was startled. When she followed Fred out of the cafeteria, Hermione was still eating breakfast, with her books piled on the table, and she didn't start packing, but now she had climbed up. "I thought you'd be late." Hermione was not interested in the game, she thought she would come in the half of the match, that would be the most excited part.Hermione had nothing in her hand. It seemed she had returned to the dormitory and put down her bag — did she get Fleet-foot?Hermione flipped her hair and thrust a small flag into her hand. "Here you are, take this." She made a lot and gave them to Gryffindor around. Hufflepuff on the opposite side found it, seemed upset. After a shortly discussion, they all took off their scarves and waved.The moment she saw the entrance of players one by one, Della left behind everything and cheered for them loudly.When Fred flew through them, he purposely came close to her and sent a kiss. Then he returned to his position in the gaze of Wood.The match began.Della was not interested in the Quidditch game. She only focus on Fred, cheered for his every hit, screamed for his every dangerous swerve, and applauded loudly for his every successful pelted.Then George flew over to her and said, "you know, it's me who did the last successful hit."He found Della seemed to be care about distinguishing their twins. But since their parents and brothers couldn't tell them apart, so it's interesting that Della cared so much.As expected, Della changed colour. Just as George about to grin, a Bludger pelted by his brother roared towards him. He quickly turned back and hit the ball. Della suddenly stared at his hand.When George looked back, she said, "you hold the club in a different position than Fred."Before George realized, she smiled, "it wasn't you, it was Fred. I'm not mistaken."George flew away, smiling. Hermione asked Della, "can you tell them apart now?" Della nodded. She couldn't before, but started from somewhen, she could. Maybe because they were more closed to each other this semester? They seldom had so many hugs and kisses in the past, and Fred hadn't hugged her, nuzzled her and stroked her hair as much as he did now — he loved her more than before, which showed from whenever he was in the same space with her, he would never put down his hand on her.Della: "They smell different." It's amazing, but she thought she could distinguish George and Fred by nose now.Hermione chuckled, "as if you were a dog."Della giggled with her.—————————————————————The rain began to grow heavier, everyone was under the umbrella. It was too difficult to watch the game in the storm, not to mention the players, they even couldn't open their eyes against the wind and rain.Hermione became more anxious. She left "I'll go down for a while", without waiting for Della's answer, she jostled into the crowd and went down the stand.Gryffindor called a pause. Della saw Hermione say some words to Harry, take his glasses and do something with her wand. Moments later, the match resumed.When she came back, she was all wet."You'll catch a cold." said Della.Hermione couldn't wait to watch to the field. "Doesn't matter."However, the rain was getting harder. To be honest, the players were staggered sideways in the storm. The match became a rough battle, but the audiences expressed higher enthusiasm.The players of both Gryffindor and Hufflepuff were brave and worthy of admiration, not only in Della's mind, but most people around had the same feeling. Everyone paid more attention to the match.For the first time Della found Angelina's movements were as powerful as men's, and Katie was so flexible to see her at all.And Harry, he's like a swift, nimble in the rain. He did fly excellent, fast, was not only tidy and flexible, but also excel at operating the broomstick than the seeker of Hufflepuff. His broomstick seemed to know his mind, no matter went up or down, fast or slow, he always left another seeker behind.Curtly said, the seeker of Hufflepuff could only kiss his bum and catch dust.Wood was a terror for saving the ball. He was very cunning and would deliberately show his flaws to lead the shoot from Hufflepuff, but then suddenly jump out and hit the Quaffle back. He was top-notch at this. There were several times very close, but it turned out to be all at his mercy. Hufflepuff had only five successful scored so far, however, they had at least thirty times attacked. Many times they didn't get perfect angles, even Della could see it, while Wood was up to his old trick, lured them to shoot, and kept the Quaffle outside the hoop.In this way, Hufflepuff became hesitated, they were afraid of another trap, and were too careful to miss some good opportunities.Finally, turned to Fred and George, who were like ghosts. That's said, they frequently came out in alternation to play tricks on their opponents. When they saw the twin's swing and quickly dodged, the other usually waited for them running and hit them.From Fred, when people were ready to move, it's hard to predict where they would be, while opposite to those running people. Besides, once they were in moving, it's hard to change their ways. Therefore, they almost hit the mark every time and rarely failed."Unless they drop from the broomsticks." He said with an evil grin.In fact, they often knocked people off the broomsticks.Just now, in front of her eyes, Fred and George played it again.Della's sight followed Fred all the time. She applauded to them in the stand after their brothers succeeded and came together to clap.Hermione said anxiously, "I can't see Harry!"Della also looked up to the sky, hardly found any figure riding a broomstick among the heavy clouds.Many of them in the stand noticed the missing of Gryffindor's seeker. They looked up in succession, hoping to see his figure.People began to worry.Fred and they started to fly up to find him.By this time, Della shivered. Somehow, it suddenly occurred to her the moment she was lying in the hospital.The pink wall was painted with little cute animals and kittycats. She huddled in the big hospital bed, with all kinds of chocolate, chips, and cookies beside her pillow.She used to be in a strict diet, couldn't eat many things. When she could later, her mother bought a lot for her. Days after that, father told her that her mother was having a baby, who could save her life after birth.She said she didn't want it, instead, she wanted the baby to accompany her mother and father for her.———————————————————-"Harry!" A shrill scream from Hermione exploded in her ears.Della raised her head in a daze. Everything around her seemed unfamiliar.The crowd began to rush to a place.She followed the crowd down to the ground, made her way through the crowd and ran to the castle.—For a while, just for a while, she wanted to be alone.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 11. The magic potionMadam Pomfrey was sorting out the medicine cabinet when she heard a knock on the door. She went out, and saw an "acquaintance".Della Bush of Gryffindor.Since she entered school, she went to the hospital wing once a week to get the potion for the reason "I don't feel well".Ordinary children were afraid of taking potion, since the taste of magic potion was strange. Moreover, their Potions Master was… not care about their feelings at all. In his words, "if their afraid of the taste could lead to the less trouble they make, it will be better".However, Della Bush seemed to lose her sense of taste since the first grade.And she didn't mean to be putting on.Madam Pomfrey had seen many young children who would do anything to pretend to be ill — captained by Gryffindor. They wouldn't be scared by the terrible taste of magic potion. They could skip classes or homework as long as they drank it. That's a good deal!Therefore, when she found children who pretended to be sick or wanted to skip class, she would give them the most peculiar and frightening potion. It's better to scare off them from coming back for another time.Then asked them to finish and go back to class.Once she thought Della was the same, so she poured her the most awful Digestive Potion, which was also made by Severus, he thought it would effectively supress appetite.In school, there were always students who didn't know how much they should eat and caught overeaten, since there were too much sweets on the table. She had protested with the headmaster many times, but he held the opinion that they should have enough in order to love school. The best way to do that was to prepare a lot of food they liked, no matter the ice cream, fried chicken or potatoes, cakes and cookies, as well as chocolate should also be counted.She often thought the cafeteria of Hogwarts was more like an amusement park rather than a school cafeteria.Della took the potion — from her look, she thought it was awful, too — but when she finished, she relaxed and her face changed. Then she ran to her class.Madam Pomfrey had served many patients, even the most peculiar disease had been seen before. She suspected Della had the Magic Potion Dependence.Not to a single magic potion, but to all of them. In other words, she didn't mind what kind of magic potion she drank, as long as it was the magic potion.She regarded the magic potion as the elixir of all kinds of diseases. When she was in a bad mood, or came across to any difficulties, she would come to ask a glass of potion. After that, she would be refreshed, and all diseases would gone.She told Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall, both of them were surprised because Della looked very healthy and her family didn't seem to have problems.How could she have such a serious Psychological illness? — This was read from a Muggle book by Headmaster Dumbledore.Muggles believed that people's minds would be sick, they gave the mental illness many strange names.Dumbledore asked Professor McGonagall to pay close attention to Della, and at the same time, asked Severus to prepare her own PLACEBO.—That was not contain any magic ingredient, but only distasteful.In the past four years, Severus had made the special magic potion to the extent that would make sick once smell it. But Della was still joyous to drink.Madam Pomfrey told Severus that Della had equated "the disgusting potion" with "the magic efficacy". In her opinion, the much disgusting the potion was, the better the effect.Therefore, it's impossible for Della to get rid of the habit with the awful magic potions.—Severus was furious.Madam Pomfrey sighed, took down the special magic potion for Della from the medicine cabinet, poured her a glass, "this is a new one, you may have a little strange reaction after you drink it."But Della didn't care, she took the cup and drank it at once.Then her face turned a little blue.—It must be distasteful. Severus was mad.Madam Pomfrey looked at her sympathetically, "how do you feel know?" Della just felt relaxed. She had been caught in the rain and shivered, but now she didn't feel uncomfortable. She returned the cup to Madam Pomfrey, "thank you. I feel much better now." Madam Pomfrey stared at her face, carefully, and quickly grabbed her, who was about to leave. "You… are better to look in the mirror."She didn't know Severus would do that!Della didn't understand. She went to the restroom to have a look in the mirror.Then she froze in front of it.The mirror said joyously: "Oh! You face is so blue!"She became an avatar.She went out of the restroom, seeing there was another person in the hospital wing, Professor Snape, who looked at her with a nasty pleasure in his eyes. He said insincerely, "oh, maybe I put too much lavender."Della, covering her face, went blank, "…what should I do then?" She saw Madam Pomfrey prodded Professor Snape smartly, which made him change the word he was ready to say.Professor Snape: "I'll make another potion tonight. Come and take it tomorrow morning."Della had to go back. She turned around and went out. A bunch of people, at the other end of the corridor, were running toward her.She quickly made way and saw they were in the Quidditch team uniform of Hufflepuff and Gryffindor, surrounded by spectators in the stands, as well as Headmaster Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall.They're carrying a man. It's Harry.Hermione's eyes were swollen with tears, pale, followed the stretcher closely. Ron was on the other side, both of them abandoned their hatred and were worried about Harry at this time.Della just left early and didn't know what happened. Now it looked like Harry fell.She pushed in, also worried — every person turned his sight to her face as she pushed past.She thought she could expect her new nickname.Madam Pomfrey quickly took an examination on Harry. Professor Snape was also there by that time. The professors were around the bed and students were standing outside.Madam Pomfrey breathed a sigh of relief. According to the examination, Harry had only fainted. It said that he fell from a height of thirty thousand feet, fortunately, he looked good.Dumbledore asked, "Poppy, how's Harry?" "Fortunately, he's fine," said Madam Pomfrey, "he had some bruises and got wet, but he just blacked out and didn't hurt."There was a cry of relief in the hospital wing. Fred and George had a high-five. Fred looked back and quickly glanced over Hermione and Della, who was standing behind her — then back again, staring at her.She looked over and nodded at him.Yes, you got it right.Fred seemed to be trampled on by a troll. He shook George and they looked back together.Well, they both got trampled by a troll.Then they began to argue in a low voice, with dazed, recalling and thinking expressions on their faces.Headmaster Dumbledore said, "Everyone, Harry is fine, we're happy by that. Now all of you can go back, the Quidditch team can stay." His eyes swept over all students, but sharply set on Della — his eyes dilated — then he quickly turned to Professor Snape.Professor Snape noticed, and turned up his nose, said, "I'll make a potion this night."Headmaster Dumbledore finally looked away.Hermione had a loud sniffle.Della comforted her: "Don't worry, Harry is ok."Hermione turned to her and said, "yes, I was worried just now… Ah!!!" She jumped up in fright and stepped on Ron.Ron gave a painful cry, and looked up.Now, everyone in the hospital wing saw Della's blue face.In perfect silence.Ron's face brightened, then his eyes turned to his twin brother.Gryffindor all followed the sight, showing a sudden realized but confused expression.Fred came and pulled her out with a pale face, stammered and explained to her nervously, "I swear… I've never made a prank on you!"Della just realized what everyone had misunderstood. She nodded, "of course. This is the side-effect of the magic potion I took. Don't worry, I didn't accuse you."———————————————However, in the evening, the most striking thing on Gryffindor's table was not Harry's injury in the hospital wing, instead, was Della, who was "pranked by her boyfriend".Yes, Fred was wrongly accused by the whole school. Everyone thought he had changed the colour of Della's face.If at an ordinary time, Fred may get in the way with others and kid around, but today Gryffindor lost more than 100 points. It could be said that they had lost the House Cup. Their hope of winning was Hufflepuff won the Slytherin 100 points.…That wish was not easy to come true.Harry was still in the hospital wing. Hermione and Ron were sitting together, all worried for Harry.They were made up in the end.Hermione apologized she didn't pay more attention to the conflict between the two pets. Since she knew the cats naturally caught mice, she should restrain Crookshanks.Ron also confessed he didn't know how Scabbers disappeared, maybe it wasn't Crookshanks, although there was only one cat showed hostile to him.In a word, the two had made up. They planned to see Harry tomorrow together.Della suspected Ron got over it because he thought her face was avenged by Fred for him.But she decided to keep the secret. Hermione attached great attention to these two friends, somethings — after all, the trio — they had own secrets, which made Hermione sometimes show closer to Harry and Ron.She could discuss some girl topics with Hermione, but she couldn't take her to save the world.For this reason, obviously, something's more important.———————————————The next morning, when Della went to the hospital wing, she saw Hermione and Ron, they brought presents. Harry was awake, just had finished his breakfast and looked good, but he looked forcing himself strong in the front of his friends' concern. Hermione saw it, so they just gave a brief greeting, and she took Ron away: because they had homework to do.Harry was worried he would be absent for class. Hermione said she would lend him her notes, so that he would not be worry."Here you are." Madam Pomfrey poured her a cup of potion, disgusting smell. As soon as it poured, Harry covered his nose and looked around. When he saw the cup in her hand, he had an unbelievable expression.Della came over with the cup. He looked at her face and asked, "what's the matter with you? Is it Fred's new prank?" She felt sad for her boyfriend."No, it's the sequala of the potion." She wobbled the cup in her hand, "but I think it'll be good if I drink it." She took it in a breath, distasteful, but she could feel relieved after that.The most attractive part of magic potion was its magic, which cured the disease instantly. When she came to the magic world, she was amazed by it.The time lying in bed, she always imagined she would wake up in the next morning with a new drug came out and cured her, or at least refreshed her, she would be satisfied.Obviously, she passed away before the special drug came out.However, she was in the magic world now! She had never heard any disease couldn't be cured by magic potion! She read a lot of magic books, many said the most difficult injury to cure was caused by the charms, while nothing a bit disease couldn't be cured by magic potion!Was there any better news than this? She didn't have to be afraid anymore!When she finished, she saw Harry's shock face.She held the cup and said, "magic is amazing, isn't it?"Harry nodded, he couldn't agree more."Yes, magic is amazing." He said in surprise, "your face turns back!"She took out a little mirror and looked into it: she looked good. Then she said to Harry: "Have a nice rest. I'll come to see you tomorrow. Bye."Harry waved to her, "bye."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 12. Love advent?The evil Monday.Harry was discharged today. Hermione and Ron went to pick him up early in the morning.When Della was having porridge at the table, Fred sat down refreshingly, "here you are." He passed her the fried bacon in the distance.She handed him a clean plate and had a glance to him, "finished your homework?"He had a breezy whistle and began to take sausage. It made her stomach ache to see his plate lying on five pieces sausages, two fried eggs, two corncobs and a pile of French fries.Boy's stomach was bottomless.He also took two glasses, one for milk and one for orange juice, then sat down and started eating.But she was full. She took out her schedule from her bag."What do you have this morning?" He turned and asked."Divination." She spread out her hand.With no idea who arrange the schedule, Divination on the first class of Monday morning? Everyone would all asleep.Thought it was a good lesson. Fred helped her a lot in course selecting at that time, she chose Divination under his guidance, since its homework was unnecessary to study, instead of your imagination. The exam was also very easy, free passed.How could she give it up?Fred always said he could finish his divination homework even when he slept with his eyes closed. This is no exaggeration, no matter how unreasonable you wrote, you could get a high mark. On the contrary, if you were too honest, you would get a low score.Hermione called the professor of Divination an old liar.…It's really unusual for her to be so mean. It's said that Professor Trelawney of Divination predicted Harry would die in their first class.Harry was scared, while Hermione was mad.To comfort her, Della showed her that her previous divination homework and explained what kind of course it was, which calmed down her much.She didn't know if Hermione talked to Harry after that, she hoped he could feel relieved.To be honest, Della kind of wanted Trelawney could do divination for her, because she remembered the professor was a genuine prophet.When class was about to begin, Della packed her bag, got up and sent a goodbye kiss to Fred. "By the way, I can't find the Puffskein you gave me… How long is its life span? Will it have…" She was a little worried.But Hermione said Crookshanks didn't eat Puffskein: "He hate things with fluff, which makes him cough all the time."Then she started to worry about finding a crushed body of Puffskein under a shoebox or a pile of books.Fred gave a deep hum.She stopped and looked at him.He cleared his throat and said to her, "did I tell you? Huffskein is self-breeding?""No!" Della glared at him and suddenly felt uncomfortable. "You mean, it's now… having children in somewhere?"Fred began to inform her about it enthusiastically, "it has two genitalia, and can self-multiply. When it finds the environment is suitable, it will give birth to its baby. So it may hid under the bed or the corner of the closet, waiting to have babies. By the way, do you know where it was born?""I don't want to know!""From the mouth, it will spit out the babies…"The whole cafeteria witness Della hit Fred with a bag full of books.Fred was bending over the table and coughing at the plate, his brother George was like he didn't see it, talking with Angelina in a hot conversation. He even told Angelina not to worry: "My brother is very strong, like a bull. Hey, did I tell you…"Della strode out of the restaurant just in time to meet Hermione, Harry and Ron, who had returned from the hospital wing."Oh, how are you?" She greeted Harry.Harry replied at the corner of his mouth, "it's ok."Della nodded, "then it's not good."Hermione gave Harry a worried glance and said to Della, "let's talk later."———————————————The Divination class was as sleepy as ever.Della had been talking with Katie, both of them didn't pay attention to what Professor Trelawney was talking about. As a result, when she suddenly appeared at their table, they were both a little flustered.Trelawney: "Dear, what's in your cup?"Katie picked up the cup and stammered, "emm, I saw, I saw… I miss one goal…" She shrugged, "I'm a Quidditch player, you know, if I lose one goal when I play, it's serious."Trelawney turned to Della, "dear, what about you?""I saw Fred and I broke up." Della said deeply to the tea at the bottom of the cup.There were a few snickers in the classroom."Don't be sad, at least you get a mental preparation."Della nodded, "yes, I can beat him before that."———————————————In the evening, back to the common room, Della took out her divination homework and planned to finish it first. It's simple.When she wrote her hair turned pink because of a spell mistake, Fred came back, still in a Quidditch suit.After him, one by one, the players crawled in through the door.All of them were exhausted.Seeing Fred, Hermione, who was sitting next to her, left with her books in her arms and sat next to Harry. Harry didn't have a broomstick yet, so he couldn't go training. He was frustrated, sitting on the sofa seemed he was out of place. Ron was playing wizard chess with him and beat him to pieces.With one look, Della was attracted by a scratch on Fred's face. "Did you fall down?" Fred hissed and shook his head, "no. It's too dark, I almost ran into Wood. Then he let us come back." They had been flying in the sky, even if nothing could be seen, they were still training.For the sake of how upset Wood was after their last loss, no one complained.This was Wood's last year, and players intended to help him do it before graduation, otherwise he would be poor.He looked at the homework in front of her and said with a smile, "I'll show you mine."It's a little fun for them to exchange their divination homework.When he finished a bath and went down, she was writing in Thursday, looking for inspiration by reading the monster book. After all, how could so many accidents happened in school? She had to run into all kinds of monsters.They switched to another double size sofa, he put homework on a small square table, other books on the ground.He placed his homework in front of her, lapped her in his arms and said, "look, how's it?" Compared with her inspiration of all kinds of monsters, his was more fantastic, such as being smashed by a Muggle car falling from the sky, which was extraordinary."When will you take me out for a ride in this Muggle car?" She blew in his ear.He, visible to eye, abruptly turned from a man to beast. It's no exaggeration. His breath suddenly became heavy, he was blushed, straight-eye, and about to launch himself to her.It scared her to push him back!She hastened to look around, made sure no one had noticed.He also sat up straight, deliberately ignoring her side.She put away her homework, now she was out of mood to write."You have been strange lately, what's up?" She asked.It's so weird. In the past, they once shared a chocolate bar when playing games, but he didn't seem so easily titillated.Fred rubbed his face hard, as if to get it back to its original shape. He took a few deep breaths and pulled another parchment out of his bag, "ok. I'll tell you."She leaned over and found that it was their latest test schedule, in which a line was circled in heavy red colour.She read: "…Amor...tentia?!"She stared at him, "are you doing this?"Fred raised his hands. "Hey, you'll learn that, too, in the Advanced Potion-Making of grade six.""You're in grade five." She pointed out.Fred: "Well… we're a little ahead."Inspired by her perfume, Fred and George wanted to make a modified version, which had lighter efficacy and could be considered a small prank. They were adjusting the recipe."I've been surrounding by this smell recently, sometimes I feel like I'm going crazy." He covered his face and looked at her through his fingers."Why?" she was puzzled.Fred smiled, criminally.Her heart thumped."You're all over the place, I can smell your hair, your clothes, your hands and your mouth." He swallowed, Della sat back involuntarily, and began to complain the narrow sofa."I can still feel the touch of your hair, your smooth face…" He opened a hand, seemed unconsciously catching something. "And…" He puckered his face, gritted his teeth and clenched his fists, looked up at her in a bitter smile, "that's it. You're driving me crazy.""It's the potion that drives you crazy." She pointed out, surprisingly calm at this time — she had to be calm, one of them had to stay awake — "you smell too much Amortentia, which messed up your brain in my opinion. Stop it recently, do something else.""Yes, we can do something else." He crumpled the parchment and stuffed it into his bag.It was too dangerous to keep sitting here. Della took the books and ran to Hermione, squeezed into the middle of the trio."So, what are you talking about?" She asked cheerfully.Ron muttered something, as if "it's none of your business", but he didn't dare to say it out loud.Hermione said, "oh…" She looked at Ron and Harry. Ron didn't look up, but Harry nodded. Then she said to Della, "it's Hagrid.""Hagrid?" Before she knew it, she didn't remember who he was.Hermione: "Professor Hagrid.""Oh," Della realized. "What happened to him?"Hermione: "The hippogriff he raised, wounded Malfoy, might be executed. We are preparing a hearing and trying to save that poor magical creature."Della nodded blankly, "of course, it's good. So, what can I do for you?""Emm…" Hermione looked at the book in her hand and pushed two copied to her, "here are all the cases of hippogriff over the years. We are looking for some useful information. Maybe you can help us."—To read!Della had to go ahead and said, "ok, I'll read them."Harry and Ron also had two books in front of each other, Hermione had the most. Della just found out there were at least twenty books in front of her. "How can you read so many?"Hermione shrugged, "I have enough time," and opened another one."If you have a boyfriend like Fred, you must have no time." Della muttered.Harry and Ron exchanged a look and sniggered, but they kept secretly to Hermione.Hermione flipped her eyes in a feint of anger.Della made an apologetic grimace, resignedly opened the book and saw George talking to Angelina on the opposite sofa, they chatted to each other every day recently.George must have made many potion, too…Blimmy...

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 13. The dragon who guarded its treasure"We can't go on like this!" Della clapped the book on the table!She had been working hard to read these so-called cases! But they were just like Professor Binns' "A History of Magic"! It should be fascinating, but now boring and drowsy.And wizards lived too long! They had too many cases of creature attacks! The former wizard was too brave to keep the magical creature, like hippogriff, in the backyard like a chicken!Moreover, he forgot to feed it!Didn't he deserve to be snapped at the thigh?The only sentiment on reading those cases was felt drowsy, missed the hot chocolate in the dining room and Fred.She saw Harry and Ron next to her had the same reaction. Harry was still working hard to pick himself up and read, while Ron had fallen asleep in the book.She went to the opposite sofa, in front of Hermione was a pile of books as high as a hill. She had been writing her homework for more than two hours with her head down. Didn't she feel tired? Della sat down: "Hermione."Hermione looked up in surprise. "Della?"Della: "I think we should do something else about the hippogriff. Is it going to be sentenced to death for hurting people?"Hermione nodded and sighed, "they're going to cut off its head. I can't imagine how sad Hagrid would be to see it!"Della had never known so much about the professor. She had only known he was tall and was the first one to bring Harry to the magic world. However, now she even knew that the Rock cake he made was too hard to eat, he kept a timid big black dog, he liked to raise large-size creatures and was emotional.Hermione believed that knowing more about the defendants could inspire their compassion. She even wrote a defence for Professor Hagrid."Maybe we can get others to sign for it." Della suggested.Hermione: "To sign for it?"Della: "Yes. It hurt student, so if the court wants to cut off its head, why not use the signatures of students to tell the judge we are not afraid of this big guy and want to save it?"Hermione seemed to have just thought about it, but she immediately said, "it will help!"Della was instantly ecstatic, she went to get a roll of parchment and a quill, pushed the two books aside, and said to Hermione, "I'm going to get someone to sign now! I can have the fourth grade, the fifth and the first one as well. You can ask for the third grade."Hermione pushed back her hair, which was a bit messy in writing homework. She took out the magic hair clips they bought last time in Hogsmeade, and put them high, which revealed her whole face.Hermione's face shape changed this year. She used to be a round face, but her face grew a bit longer, she suddenly looked like an elder girl. Her eyebrows were compact, which may be due to frequent frowning, giving a serious feeling.Della found Hermione would be popular if she dressed in cool fashion.Hermione took out the parchment from her bag and said, "ok, Della. Give me the third grade." She thought about it and looked at Harry, "maybe we can get the second grade as well."Della thought of one more, "and Hufflepuff." She was sure to get all the signatures of Hufflepuff, because they will sign it without having a look."———————————————When it was time for dinner, Hermione and Della stoop up and went to their goals.Harry and Ron both lowered their heads as if to bury themselves on the plates.Della: "They're as shy as little girls."Hermione: "Exactly. Sometimes I think I'm playing with two little girls."Two real girls exchanged a look and to do their own task.Della wrote a line on parchment: "In order to save the Hippogriff, which gave a punch on Malfoy's arm of SLYTHERIN from being beheaded. Please sign on this parchment."And she added, "don't tell me someone is as scared as SLYTHERIN about this Hippogriff since it's too big and scary." She drew a grimace at the back and passed it on from Katie.Katie saw the parchment, smiled and wrote her name on it. One by one, all fifth grades signed. Some said, "oh, give a punch to Slytherin? The Hippogriff must be a Gryffindor." And signed it cleanly.All the way down, to the fifth grade and back.Della picked up the parchment and went to Fred. "Hey, sign it."Fred seized it to have a look, grinned and said, "it's definitely worth signing the name of Weasley."George signed it on the second, "for Malfoy."The fifth grade also signed smoothly.Fred took this parchment to the sixth and seventh grades. Their brother Percy Weasley, wasn't like a Gryffindor, he was so vain.But he signed on the parchment.Half table of Gryffindor were busy with two parchments and soon attracted more Gryffindor.Dick Bush, hiding from his sister, now he ran over and was squashed into the crowd to see what attracted so many people.His sister saw him and greeted amiably, "oh, I'm looking for you, Baldy."Dick's hair had grown a thin layer of gold brown hair, which made him quiet cool among the boys of his age."Blue-face, I think you had a better face before." He said, lifting his chin.Della smiled and drove him away, "it's an adult's business, children like you can't join in."Dick was angry: "Leave me, remember? We had an agreement! I didn't say a word about you and Fred!" He threatened, "if you stop me, I'll let out the secret of you and your boyfriend."She began to think about what kind of spells could secretly kill her little brother — it must be nice to turn him into a Toucan.Della waved her hands in disgust: "forget it, it's useless even you know it. We're protesting against the unfair decision of a court. It's very dangerous, very much." She repeated.Dick had already exclaimed "Cool" when he heard the word "court".Although Della stopped him many times, he still pushed his sister away and ran into the crowd to sign on the parchment.After he went back, more first-grade came to sign.God! Protest the court! The court of the Ministry of Magic! What a wonderful experience!She watched as more first-grades poured in.As she stood back, Fred approached her and said, "it reminds me of how you treat me." He was in mixed emotion, "like dealing with your brother."Della sent a kiss across the air: "Believe me, you're much more lovely than Dick."Fred had to accept and returned a kiss as well. Since he confessed the making of Love Potion, he could only hold hands, kissing was not allowed.He really regretted for his honesty!After finishing the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and the fist grades, she ran to Hufflepuff with that long parchment and found her brother Hans. "Hans, sign here."Hans took the quill, signed it and asked, "what's this?" After he finished, Della pushed the parchment on the other curious and raring Hufflepuff on her side.They began to sign one by one, as if they were taking part in a game. It was until they finished that they finally began to figure out what's written at the beginning of the parchment and what they signed for.Some regretted, they didn't know it's for the court of the Ministry of Magic.Some were surprised and passed it to their friends, which attracted more people coming in.Della shook her head. "Hufflepuff."At this moment, a pretty oriental girl and another handsome guy came over.The girl asked, "what's this?""Cho," said Della, "a co-sign. We're going to save a poor hippogriff. You're unfortunately, it's locked up before you went to class."Cho Chang was an oriental girl, pure oriental, not Japanese nor Korean face, in the same year with Della. Although they were sorted into different houses, Della always came to talk to her due to her face.Cho Chang: "Could I sign it?"Della: "Sure! Of course!" She looked at the boy next to her, Cedric Diggory, the star of the Quidditch team of Hufflepuff, a cut guy.Fred disliked him.Men were jealous, too."Of course, also welcome to this handsome guy around you." Della said with a smile.He moved up smilingly and signed after Cho Chang. Like the celebrity effect, more Hufflepuff were coming."I don't think it works." Cedric said."I know," Della shrugged, "but it's an effort. You can not only watch it die without doing anything. I would say, the mistake it did would have killed it."Cedric said, "Magical creatures will be executed if they hurt people, this is the law made by wizard." He went on, "while, in my opinion, sometimes the law is unreasonable."Della was surprised, "I thought you were a gentle man, and I didn't expect you to be so radical."Cedric made a grimace like a Gryffindor, "I guess, because I'm a Hufflepuff? But I want to be a Hufflepuff out off your memories. Hufflepuff can be brave, too.""Of course," said Della admiringly, "oh, you surprised me!" She couldn't help giving Cedric a hug. "You're a good man! Very, very good!"Cedric held her back and smiled to her back: "Fred.""Hum." Fred put on an act of clearing his throat, and nodded to Cedric insincerely: "Hello." Then leaving him behind, he asked Della, "done?""Almost." She looked at the table of professors. "Do you think I can get the signatures of professors?"Fred thought a while then shook his head, "Professor McGonagall is out of the question."Cedric: "I suppose our professor might sign it." He's referring to Professor Sprout, the professor of Hufflepuff.Fred showed the expression of "why are you still here" on his face.Cedric chuckled and smiled to Della again before leaving with Cho Chang."You didn't have any courtesy right now!" Della said to Fred.Fred: "Seeing he hugged you, he can leave completely is my courtesy.""I took the initiative." Della said on purpose.Fred said with a black face, "…what else can I do with you?" He raised his fist, "I can only beat that guy, till them all remember that you're my girlfriend! If they dare to get close to you, I will be like a dragon guarding treasure to shoot fire at them!"Della took back the signed parchment. "Let's go, dragon, I'll try to ask professor. Hope it goes well."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 14. Beauty lay in the eyes of the beholderDella thought Cedric's suggestion was useful, so she decided to start with Professor Sprout.With a good start, maybe she could also ask for Professor McGonagall.…Well, she shouldn't be that optimistic.When she walked to the professors' long table smilingly, carefully avoiding the sight from Professor McGonagall.But —Professor McGonagall wiped her mouth and said to Della, who was creeping up, "Miss Bush, I noticed you didn't go to dinner, what are you doing?" With a keen sense that the plan might be cut up, Della immediately said: "Nothing. I'm going to dinner right now. Good night, professor." She finished the word and turned around, strode out quickly.Seeing Della slip away, Professor Sprout at the professor's table smiled and talked to Professor McGonagall, "Minerva, you're too strict with students. I'd like to see what's in her hand."Professor McGonagall shook her head. "Pomona, they are like the Bundimun from South American in your greenhouse. If you don't look at them, they will make a big mess." She said as she looked at the students at the long table of Gryffindor, no one was eating, instead, everyone was talking. However, in Hufflepuff, even if Della just bothered them with the same parchment, they went on eating after the discussion.This was Gryffindor.In the fourth greenhouse, the South American Bundimun owned the whole space because it assimilated all the plants in the territory. It has both properties of magical plant and animal. Therefore, it's difficult to define whether it's much closer to plant or animal among the academia until now.Professor McGonagall herself was a Gryffindor. She knew how stubborn and impulsive Gryffindor were, their enthusiasms were not easy faded out as well.So, if they made trouble, it's a disaster.But if they fell in love with a person, the passion would keep forever.Gryffindor was the best partner, the best Mr. or Miss Right. Once their loves arose, their loves were consistent.She had never heard of any Gryffindor moving apart. After they fell in love, they were all in love for a lifetime. Even if the partners were white-haired, their loves stayed always the same.She looked at Fred Weasley and Della Bush. They were a good couple, of course.…However, no matter who, was clearly a flaky guy.Once remembered the lie of Della Bush made that night, Professor McGonagall was about to have a headache.This girl was too reckless, she thought she would be a little better than Fred Weasley, but after that night, she knew they were equally unreliable.Although there was no signature from the professor, they still collected enough signatures.Della gave them to Hermione, and Hermione sent them to Professor Hagrid. It's said that Professor Hagrid was very moved and cried hard. He also asked Hermione to bring her a gift, a beautiful unicorn tail like moonlight."Tie it on the head of the bed. It's said to have a nice dream and good luck." Hermione said.Della: "This is exactly what I need." She was worrying about the Christmas present for Hannah.Christmas was coming, it's time for her back home.Most of students had to go home, so as Della, but Dick didn't want to go back. He planned to secretly sign on the school retention list. When Della caught him, she shaved his head again, his new growing eyebrows were gone."You can't!" cried Dick.Della: "I can."Dick: "You don't know what there would be at Christmas! I heard there would be a Christmas tree reach to the ceiling! And the Christmas cracker would be as much as you want!" It can only be one at home for a single.Della: "That sounds good."Dick: "Yep! Right? You can also stay over!"Della: "But if you don't go home, there's no Christmas gift for you."Dick let out dozens of "shit" in a row.Professor McGonagall came from the other end of the corridor, heard that and said angrily: "Mr. Bush! You can't speak foul language! Five points off Gryffindor!"Dick immediately became much more lovely when he found out he had been docked. He stopped complaining and left quietly.Professor McGonagall stopped Della before she left. "I noticed that Mr. Bush's hair was gone again." Della looked down, "he doesn't want to go home at Christmas."Professor McGonagall said: "I know you have a reason. But, Miss Bush, you should be a little more patient with Mr. Bush, instead of using violence every time. Violence will work in a short term, but it's not good for you both in the long run."Della was stunned. She pondered Professor McGonagall's words and said sincerely, "thank you professor, I'll remember it." She bit her lips, "I'll change the way I treat Dick."After that, she went to find Hermione. She thought Hermione was smart, maybe she could give her some advice.Hermione would stay over the Holidays this year for some reason, she used to go home for Christmas every year. Della suspected it's for Harry.Hermione said, "I wanted to tell you that for a long time." She frowned. "I think you're too snippy with Dick. He's your brother, you should be gentle to him." Della: "If I'm gentle to him, he'll push his luck." She paused, then told the truth, "and with three words, I'll want to beat him."Hermione looked at her in sigh: "control your temper. You're gentle with Fred. From my point of view, Dick is as difficult to deal with as Fred, or Fred is more difficult.""That's not the same!" Della said at once. Hermione sighed deeply: "what's the difference? Dick does speak… misbehaved, but at least he doesn't make trouble. It seems to me that he's good among the first grade, doesn't fight, good listens at class. Although he doesn't like to do homework, there are many students who can't do it well in the first year."Della didn't quite understand. She pleaded for Fred: "Fred doesn't fight neither, he does his homework, behaves good in class, and he has good marks!"Hermione eyes widened, was unable to believe that she had so grandly ignored Fred's faults."But Fred loves to play pranks," she pointed out, "he and his twin brother have been in the top spot of breaking school rules since they entered school!" She said Dick had not broken the school rules at least.Della thought it was ok. "Hermione, you don't know. Fred and his twin brother, they're not just pranks, they're not merely trying to make fun of people, instead, they're… going to have a big plan."She had heard from Fred about it. Although she knew the brothers would open a store when she was reading the books, Fred said they wanted to create a brand, a new brand of pranks.What's more, they're not dreaming, they're really getting closer to their goals.It's a great dream."They are serious," Della reiterated. Hermione: "…they're serious in playing pranks, that's what you mean?" Della: "Yes."Hermione: "…"Hermione shoved the book into her bag, stoop up and asked, "I'm going to the library to read, are you coming?""Why go to the library?" Della wondered, "there's neither for food nor chatting." Hermione said briskly, "I knew you wouldn't go. See you later." Then she walked quickly, as if someone was after her.Della had no one to talk to, while Katie, Angelina and Fred were all training.She found that there's a drawback to making too many friends who loved Quidditch.That is, she often felt lonely.She had to go out for a walk.Passing by the fourth floor, she met Professor Lupin. It suddenly occurred to her that she should give the headmaster another alarm about Professor Lupin.She hurriedly greeted to Professor Lupin and ran away.Then she ran all the way to headmaster's office and knocked on the door.Headmaster Dumbledore seemed to be reading and writing a letter. He put aside it, asked her to sit down, and showed her some sweets."Oh, Cockroach Clusters!" She took one and put it in her mouth."It's the first time I've shared this kind of sweet to people." said Dumbledore cheerfully. "I like all the chocolate." Della said.Cockroach Clusters was ugly and scary, however, it's made of top-grade chocolate. It can explode the chocolate paste when biting.…But when she recommended it to others, no one would try it.Dumbledore also took one and threw it into his mouth."Did you catch that mouse last time? Does it have a problem?" Della couldn't wait to ask.Dumbledore smiled, "yes, we caught it. It does have a small problem, but not serious. I noticed that Mr. Weasley was a little sad about the disappearance of his pet. I've got a little present for him, I hope he'll be happy at Christmas." Della took a big breath and then said: "I noticed that Professor Lupin was a little abnormal, but I don't know what's abnormal with him."Dumbledore was a little surprised. He stared and said, "oh, Miss Bush, you have keen eyes. But don't worry, Professor Lupin has no problem." Della was not surprised the headmaster didn't believe it. She said firmly, "you may not have found out. He's good at hiding!" Dumbledore chortled happily, thought for a moment and said, "I can tell you a little secret, between you and me."Della came up at once."I know Professor Lupin's problem," said Dumbledore, "but it has been properly solved, so it will not constitute a big problem." He blinked, "you can relax assured, Miss Bush."Della said in surprised, "you have found out the problem?"Dumbledore proudly held up his chest, "of course! I found it out right away!" Della marvelled and admired, "you're so powerful!"Now that the problem had been solved, she left happily.Dumbledore gave her a big pack of Cockroach Clusters.After the door of the headmaster's office closed, Dumbledore said, "you can come out." Lupin came out of the room aside.Dumbledore: "A very clever girl, right?" He's happy.Lupin: "She didn't look good when she saw me, so I think it's better to come to you." He smiled and said, "yes, a very good Gryffindor."The girl reminded him of Lily, as courageous, and sense of justice.Moreover, their boyfriends were all "the toast of the school"."You can talk to Miss Bush and get rid of her hostility," said Dumbledore, "she has a lot of friends, and you don't want her to leak out your secret, do you?"Lupin nodded, "I'd love to."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 15. "Mother" and son"Class is over." With the words of Professor Lupin, the classroom became lively.Della packed all her books in her schoolbag and was about to run to the cafeteria. Maybe because Christmas was coming soon, the elves began to change menu, there were several surprises on the table recently!It's only Hogwarts' Christmas dinner that could make her betray the Bush family's. It's heard that there was even a French cuisine last year!Although she had no idea what it was, but really, when she heard the "French food", her saliva flowed down.Yesterday she had the best ice cream in her life!What would be today?She didn't want to miss it."Della, are you available? Can I grab you for a few minutes?" Professor Lupin came down and stood at her desk.Della gave him a guilty look.Since she had told headmaster, was he going to revenge?Lupin smiled and shook his head. "No, just chatting, take up your time."Most of students were gone, everyone was running towards to the cafeteria.Della thought for a while, put down her bag and nodded, "ok. What would you like to talk about?"A shy smile appeared on his face — seriously, it made him a little cute.Della had never seen a man of this age showed such a lovely expression.This impressed her a lot better about Professor Lupin.—Plus, even Headmaster Dumbledore said he had no problem."You are a very clever girl," Lupin smiled and said, "you always remind me of my old friend.""An old friend?" Della made a face, "I hope I'm not too old.""Oh, no, no." Lupin laughed, he was amused by her and found it was easy to talk with Della. "I forgot women's age is a taboo. Of course you're young and full of youth." He went on smilingly, "I mean, the young her."Della was keen. "Do you have a crush on her?" She badly smiled, shook her head and sighed, "it seems your love didn't come to a result."Lupin was amused again, cleared his throat and nodded, "yes, she was the girlfriend of my friend at that time.""Wow…" Della said softly, before pointed out it's not good, she realized the love was unrequited, which meant he didn't get involved in the couple. "Then you're really… I mean, you're good. You did it for friendship?" Lupin nodded but shook his head, "maybe I'm ashamed of myself. I always feel that I don't deserve that beautiful girl. Moreover, she and my friend were really a good couple, they got married after graduation.""I wish I had such good luck." She sighed enviously.Lupin nodded: "You will. You're brave and persistent, bright and articulate, as well as good luck. With so many good friends, you'll surely achieve what you want." Della was flattered. She was embarrassed, "I thought you were here blame me, you know, I've told Headmaster Dumbledore…"Lupin stopped her and nodded, "yes, I know. I want to explain to you that I have no malice on school. I'm a Gryffindor, I love Hogwarts, and I'm back hoping I can do something for them. I hope you can believe me." He lowered his head, and said solemnly, "and please keep the secret for me. There are not many intelligent and enlightened people like you. If my secret is known, I may be expelled from this school, but I can't leave yet."Della shook her head, said under Lupin's nervous face, "actually, I don't know your secret. I just know you have a problem, and I think I should remind headmaster. But since headmaster promised your problem had been solved," she shrugged and spread her hands, "I have nothing to tell. You can rest assured that your secret is safe and it has not been discovered."Lupin looked at Della for a while and found that she was serious! She really didn't know! It's just a guess, or maybe a vague perception, but didn't go deep it, instead, she believed her intuition and went to see Headmaster Dumbledore."Merlin!" Lupin held his forehead, "you're so amazing! You scared me!"Della was a pure Gryffindor! She believed in herself, her friends, and her promises.Lupin shook his head and said, "you know, I thought you were like her, but now I think you're like him, my friend, my best friend."He also believed in himself and his friends, he's the bravest man.The greatest hero.Della finally found they got on like a cauldron on fire on chatting, and she didn't know how they could talk so much.But they had a lot in common.For example, they both had friends who were fanatical Quidditch players and fans, while they had no interest in Quidditch itself. They went to the stadium just to cheer for their friends."That's a big difference." Della abandoned the lunch and ate sandwiches in the classroom. "I'm going to see Fred, he's my love, but you're friends." "No difference." Lupin was eating salad in a fork — he was a vegetarian — no wonder he's so thin."I love James, genuinely." He said."Oh…" Della frowned, "is your feeling for your friends too deep? You loved Sirius and Lily just now, but they were all your friends." She waved her hand and said, "although you were getting a crush on one of them, you said you had the same deep feelings for them." She said, "if you love three people with an equal extent, you'll be exhausted."Lupin laughed, brightly, which affected Della in a good mood."Yes, I love them. It makes me feel that life has become more colourful, I have so many people to love."It sounded a little sad.Della skipped over this topic and talked to Lupin about Harry, Ron and Hermione, because she always thought the relationship between the trio was not equal.Harry seemed to be the most glory one, however, he was in a vulnerable position in his friendship. On the one hand, he hoped to be tolerated by his friends; on the other hand, he compromised his friends without any line."It seems to me that his idea of making friends is kind of distorted and individual." Della said.Lupin listened very carefully, he didn't even eat salad.She thought it may because the salad was distasteful.Hermione, she put herself into an adult position, maybe for her rational? She took on too much responsibility invisibly, but in fact, she's only five feet six high."She's just a little girl," said Della, she felt injustice for her, "but she's like a mother to Harry and Ron!"She didn't dare to say that to Hermione, she would be angry.But Della really thought so.Ron was the most normal one among the trio. He's righteous, sometimes whiny, punished friends, impulsive, but he was not a vengeful person, he would soon put away his anger.A happy child.Lupin grinned and said, "I think you're like a mother, too."Della gave him a white look. She didn't even talk that to Fred. Maybe it's due to the good conservation with Professor Lupin, and he looked very gentle.Moreover, he's not a student, she wasn't afraid of his leaking out."I can't tell them." Della put orange into her mouth, "I'm not familiar with Harry. Although we often talk, he… doesn't like making friends. His friends are Hermione and Ron. I don't like Ron, he's too naive to bully Hermione. It's not malicious but a habit, he's · used to · bullying girls!" It made her always wanted to beat him from time to time.She had no idea when could he change his bad habit of bullying girls.Hermione would be more intractable. She's too clever to accept opinions, especially the one pointed out her mistake.Lupin said, "you know what, my friends also had contradictions at that time, serious disagreements. I didn't approve of them, but I said nothing, I was just silence. Because they were all my friends, I didn't want any of them to be angry with me, so I kept silence.""A thing happened in the end, something very severe, I was close to disaster. At that time I thought, if I had started to stop them earlier, would it have been better?"Della: "Do you suggest me say it out?"Lupin: "If you ask me, well, you can try to tell one of them what you think. It's a problem for three people though, as long as one of them changes, the remaining two will change as well. Because the trio…" He beamed, "…are friends."Della was still hesitant, "what about they don't listen to me?" But she was conative.Lupin: "But if you don't say it, they will never change. Maybe they won't notice it until they make a big mistake, or they won't notice it all the time."He thought about it, smiled and said, "at that time, she was also against it and she said it out. She disapproved it all the time and would stop it when she saw it. She was a very brave, clever girl."Della: "Hermione is the cleverest and the bravest." She shook her head, she knew herself, "I'm not as smart and courageous as she is." At least, she never wanted to be hostile to the Dark Lord.She could be a champion with everyone, but not a fighter.Lupin smiled and shook his head.Della was determined to say it out.But she didn't tell Hermione, talking to friends could be scary sometimes.The closer friends, the scarier they got.So she chose Harry.Harry was often alone. If he's not with Ron, he's on his own.And he was often alone recently.It's like hiding from Hermione and Ron.This made Hermione and Ron spend more time together: to find Harry.Della found Harry easily. He was in the empty corridor on the fifth floor, stretching and looking out of the window.The sky was overcast with rain and clouds.She went over and said hi.Then she also leaned on the window. The air was very cold, like ice. If took a breath, it's icy from nose to stomach.She shivered, and said suddenly. "You know, I met Professor Lupin the days before."Harry turned around and looked at her in doubt."He told me he and your parents were classmates, they were all Gryffindor."Harry bowed his head and uttered a sound.Della made a face, "he said that James, your father, liked pranks as much as Fred."Now Harry turned his head, also made a face, said in unbelievable: "My father, like Fred?""He also said your mother was the cleverest girl in the whole school, was also the most beautiful one." Della said.Harry turned back his head, he didn't want to talk about his parents."To me, the smartest girl in Hogwarts right now is Hermione," said Della with frowned, "but I can't imagine Hermione and Fred be together."After Lupin told her that day, she always thought about it.Harry couldn't ignore Della at all, because he began to think about it, too!He shook his head as if tried to throw away the weird picture in his mind. "I can't imagine it."Della nodded and went on saying, "Professor Lupin said they quarrelled every day at that time, your parents."Harry seemed to try to prove something or retort it — in a very mild way."But they love each other." As if he came out something, he added, "you and Fred often quarrel, too."Both of them looked at each other for a while and looked away together.Della shivered. "Come on, I don't want such a big son."Harry pushed her in a feint of anger, "hey, I don't neither!" He was amused.Della thought it was a good time to get into the subject.She stood up straight, ready to leave. Before leaving, she said to Harry: "Be nice to Hermione, she's a girl."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 16. Merry ChristmasChristmas was a time of reunion.In the living room of Bush family, a tall Christmas tree was erected, under which all the family sat to exchange Christmas gifts.—The Bush family exchanged presents before dinner every year.It's said that father Jack always thought it was to cruel to keep the presents until the next morning."Who can keep it?" he said. "When I was a kid, I couldn't sleep because thinking about my gifts."So when he had children, he asked them to open their gifts whenever they wanted.Therefore, no one could keep it until the next morning.Hannah was excited that Della firstly handed her the present. It's a big snack pack every year since she went to Hogwarts.—By the way, she even used that excuse to pester Fred, asked him how to pick a Christmas present for her little sister.She had a lot of ideas that time.Dick was also looking forward to the present, he kept looking at Della's hand. But what Della brought out were two boxes, one big, the same as Hannah's; one small, only as big as a toffee."As far as I'm concerned, what I give you this year depends on what you give me." Della said smilingly.Dick immediately hid the present behind.Della narrowed her eyes, "if you don't give me a well-prepared gift, I can only…" she wobbled the little box.Dick said cunningly, "the present I gave you was well-prepared, but if you don't like it…" Della continued, "that means you didn't prepare well. Well-prepared gifts can't be unattractive." She shook another gift box with snacks, "or you want to say you don't like the snacks of Honeydukes I gave you before? Oh, then you should have told me earlier!"Dick bit his lips. Now he didn't dare to take out the present for Della, she'll be angry and then he won't get that box of snacks! He's always looking forward to the Pepper Imps!He suddenly covered his stomach and said, "I have a diarrhea! I'm going now! I'm going to fart!"Mother Lucy gave him a pat. "Go! Oh, you bad boy!"Dick quickly got up and ran away, with the box of "gift" he was going to give Della, a box of dead insects he collected in Hogwarts.He wanted to play a prank on Della, but he didn't expect her to be so smart!Dad, Jack said, "ok, let's go on. Hans?" Hans's gift was requested by Della: a unicorn brooch of Miss Tiffany.Hans thanked to Della in a low voice as he handed her: "I bought that sunflower brooch, she liked it!"Della blinked, "you're welcome."To be honest, she didn't know whether it's more surprising for Hans made a girlfriend or he pursued a girl, or both.What Della gave her mother was a bottle of perfume, and to her father was a magic pipe. It can smoke but without Tabacco, so it's a very healthy smoking cessation product."It's minty," she said, "there are many other tastes." She was very interested in the whisky flavour. It's said that it could imitate the drunk and turn face red. She decided to buy a whisky flavour pipe for the next year's gift.Lucy was glad and said to Jack, "that's great, so the smell in your mouth will be much better."Della showed a gross expression.Hans's eyes brightened and asked Della, "how long will it last?" Della said vigilantly, "what do you want to do?" Hans replied sheepishly, "I don't want to keep mints in my pocket all the time."Well, she couldn't bear to hear the "love story" from two couples in one night.For the rest of the gift, Hannah gave her a card made by herself, with a magic brush, the little stars on it would dance around, even to her hands.Della kept the star on her and didn't sweep it.It's very Christmas, wasn't it?Dad Jack sent a bunch of flowers. He said she was a big girl, the first flowers should be given by dad. As for her boyfriend."He can only stand behind me!" He said with a sneer.Della: "…" She found out Fred didn't really give her flowers!—It gave her another impulse to break up.Mom, Lucy sent a lipstick, "a magic lipstick." She smirked and said, "if you rouge lips to kiss your boyfriend, the hickey will last for a week! He can't wash it off!" Della was beyond happy! She decided to stamp Fred when she got back to school!At this time, Dick came back, he finally brought out his gift: a pretty beautiful specimen of Fluxweed.It was placed in a small glass cup, still in bloom."Wow," Hans looked at Dick, "you've got blood, bro!"Dick snorted, blushed.It should be his own favourite. Della knew he liked to make specimens before, but he was not very fond of animal specimen, he preferred the plant one and charm restoration specimen, which was very, extremely difficult to save the moment when the charm was launched.After Della took this, she gave Dick the snack box. She thought she could give him a comprehensive book for making specimens next time at Dick's birthday.Since he liked it so much.And she also divided the unicorn hair which Professor Hagrid gave her into four parts for her family, once of each. Because it remained less for everyone, they were all woven into thin bracelets, like the moonlight in the hand.Dick put it on, looked at the moonlight in his hand and exclaimed, "is there really a unicorn in the Forbidden Forest?"Della warned him: "There are not only unicorns, but also spiders that eat people! If you dare to run into the Forbidden Forest, you'll become their food!"Dick snorted, "I don't believe it… is it true?" Della nodded, "you can ask Professor Hagrid.""That big man?" Dick humphed.Dick didn't like Professor Hagrid. Of course, the only one he didn't complain about was Professor McGonagall, since he didn't dare to. All the rest of professors he didn't like."What about Quidditch? You don't like it, neither?" Della thought it was strange that all the boys should like Quidditch.Dick shook his head, "it's silly to fly in the sky on a broomstick."Della was surprised, "you're so different."If it's necessary to choose a professor he liked, it's Professor Binns, the ghost professor who taught the History of Magic."He doesn't care what we're doing in the back." Dick said.Della: "…I think we can worry about your final marks from now on. You may set a record low."Dick made a face at her. Fortunately, he didn't spit now.She even had a sense of comfort that her little brother was growing up.For the rest of the time, they just enjoyed ice cream and set off the cracker, each of them could only have one.A few mice sprang out of Della's cracker. It's said that some of them would have rabbit inside, but she always had mouse.…The merchant was the most cunning.She caught the mice and was going to give Ron when back to school.Dick got a wizard hat from the cracker. It's a big thing, he was beyond happy to put it on immediately, but later he began to say if he were in school, he could have put more crackers!Dad, Jack nodded, "that's right. One year I didn't go home, I stayed at school and had ten crackers! I've never had so many!"Dick immediately asked his father, "dad, please! Can I spend Christmas in Hogwarts next year? Please!" he said as he fled from Della and ran behind Jack.Jack shook his head: "Dick, Christmas is a family reunion day. Are you going to leave us for a few crackers?"Dick was awkward, "but you spent Christmas in Hogwarts.""That's because my family went to see my aunt that time." Jack replied.Dick suggested at once, "next time, you can visit my aunt Katie!"Jack immediately refused: "Oh, no! I don't fancy herring pie for three days!"All of them made faces to barf.Della also thought of the pies and puddings aunt Katie was proud of. The haggis pudding, which she had eaten for the first time at aunt Katie's house, gave her a new understanding of mutton.On the morning of the holiday, everyone greeted each other through the fireplace. In her pajama, Della was there to open the presents arrived in the early hours of last night, all from her relatives and friends.She could hear Lucy greeting her relatives in the fireplace and talking to each other about what were on the table at Christmas dinner of last night.Aunt Katie was showing off: "A whole salmon! You've never seen such a big one, even my biggest plate can't hold it…"Della opened Hermione's present: A book that taught girls to dress, make-up and comb their hair. Very practical! She fell in love as soon as she saw it!And Harry's, in fact, Della was a little surprised to receive his gift. Maybe for that conversation? Perhaps he didn't know what to send, so it was a box of chocolate from Honeydukes, with various combinations.But she also sent him a gift. She hoped he wouldn't mind, it's a book of "Men's Hair 100 Choices" and a magic comb to deal with his hair.She always felt that Harry never combed his hair after he got up.Ron, he gave her sweets, too.And she gave him a concealer to cover his freckles.———————————————In the Weasleys.Ron complained in the fireplace, he didn't go home this year."She gave me a bottle of this!" He held the concealer, "I need to ask Hermione to know what it is!"Everyone at the table was laughing.Fred said: "So what? You really should think about your freckles."George asked: "What did Della send you?"Fred: "It's love."He got the sight of everyone.Fred: "…all right, it's an eyebrow shaper."Everyone on the table chuckled.Fred said forcefully, "what's wrong? I just need one!"George patted him on the shoulder and said, "of course, bro. After shaving your eyebrows, you're totally different from me."All Weasleys looked at the half eyebrows of Fred with magic bandage.Fred, who shaved off half of his eyebrows after received it this morning.Since it's impossible to make it grow well in a short time, it could only be covered.Their mother, Molly said: "You really gave me a fright when you came down in the morning!"

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 17. The perfect matchAfter Christmas, students returned to Hogwarts, where they began to talk about their Christmas gifts."I'm not complaining, but do you know what Fred sent me?" Della complained to Hermione. She was looking forward to her boyfriend's gift, which was the most expected one. But Fred just gave her a very ordinary "girl's favourite suit", which was one of Miss Tiffany's Christmas suits, special for couples.She didn't mean it's bad, she just wanted it to be more surprising."He can give me the prank he did, I've been looking forward to it." She said with a frown.Hermione rolled her eyes. "Believe me, normal people would prefer the suit rather than the magic gadget your boyfriend made.""All right." Della put down her pink suit and asked Hermione, "what did Harry give you?" Hermione somehow felt a little hot on her face, "why don't you ask Ron's?" she asked disguisedly. Della did think about it and replied seriously, "because he's poor?"To be honest, she had a hunch that Ron's gift wasn't good.Hermione tried to defend her friend: "He sent me a book last year, but that book…" She waved her hands in aversion, "is all nonsense, waste of paper!" She sighed. "Maybe I was too forward last year, he gave me parchment and ink this year, and said I would be surely use them up."Hermione said sincerely, "I want to thank him, otherwise, the first thing I do on Hogsmeade after holiday is to buy parchment and ink. Mine is nearly running out." Della was at a loss: "…You ran out of three bottles of ink in the first semester?" There were three bottles of magic inks in a set. But be reasoned, she couldn't use up a bottle in a year!Hermione blushed, raised her chin in a little proud and reserved. "In fact, it's six bottles." She looked at Della and said disguisedly, "I've read a lot this year!"Della was speechless in shock. "Ok. Let's skip this scary topic — I still can't figure out how you used it up! — but we leave it. Let's talk about Christmas gifts! What did Harry send? Don't try to skip it."Hermione's face turned redder, Della couldn't remember whether she had face so red.She took out one like Della's couple suit, Miss Tiffany Christmas suit."He gave me this," Hermione added, "and a book. That book may be the gift he was going to give me, this is a new one. I don't know why he bought me another one, but… well, the pomade in it is very useful! My hair will stay smooth for a week after I use it! And no static!"Della came close, why there was no pomade in her suit? She took a look and cleared her throat: "This is the advanced version. Mine is nine Galleons and six Sickles, your is sixteen Galleons. I would say Harry did a good job with this gift."Hermione was even more blushing, while pretended she wasn't, she said to Della, "we can go to Miss Tiffany next time to see this pomade." Della took a look at the package: the pure white crystal bottle, the gold edged, even the gold words."I don't think it's cheap…" Even though she worried about her hair, she wouldn't use too expensive product.A magic spell could solve the problem, she just needed to wait another two year.There's a lot to talk about Christmas gifts.The boys were all around Harry because he received a Firebolt at Christmas. The price of this was not publicized by the broomstick shop, it required an interview.Therefore, everyone was trying to imagine how expensive it could be. It's like Hermes among the cars in broomsticks.Hermione giggled as Della reeled off this word. But after that Hermione was stunned, looking at Della thoughtfully, "you really know the Muggle world."As soon as Della's hair prickled with fear, Hermione found her a reason: "You have a boyfriend like Fred."—What does this have to do with Fred? Della didn't figure out the causality, but decided not to go into it.Then Della found Ron, she thought of the mice she had brought for him. She couldn't wait to leave Hermione and called Ron. Under his watchful eyes, she said softly, "I have brought you something, you must like it."As she turned around, Fred cleared his throat behind her: "Honey, you must have brought me something I like, too?" Della: "No. Move out of my way, I'm going back to my bedroom to get something."When she ran down the stairs with the mice in her arms, she saw a commotion in the common room, Fred was "feeding" Ron toffee.Ron seemed to have sensed something wrong, so he rejected to open his mouth.Della went over and gave Fred a kick, "what did I say?"Fred got up regretfully, "I'm just taking care of my little brother."Della: "Your little brother doesn't need your care. Now, get out of my way." She smiled and said to the frighten Ron, "look."She put five white mice on Ron.Ron: "…"Ron let out a scream like a banshee, threw away all the mice and fled away.Della was blankly puzzled. She asked Fred, who was dying for laughter, "doesn't Ron like mouse?" Fred wiped away the tears and replied solemnly, "of course he likes it. He also slept with the mouse. I'm going to catch all these mice to send to him. Honey, you're very considerate and caring." He happily asked people to help him catch them together, and ran up to the boy's dormitory with these five lively white mice.Della asked Hermione, who came to her side: "…Did I make a mistake?" Hemione had no idea neither. The five white mice didn't look scary but cute. "Why did you give them to Ron?"Della: "He's sad for his gone mouse. I happened to get those mice for Christmas, so…"Hermione: "Speaking of this, Headmaster Dumbledore gave Ron a gerbil at Christmas." It made her a little jealous.Harry left the Firebolt to his classmates and came up to them. "…Maybe it's just… too much?" If five mice crawling on him, he would also be frightened. But Ron's lately ran away may have been ashamed.Della thought of Crookshanks and asked Hermione, "does Crookshanks catch that gerbil?" Hermione: "No, it's strange, isn't it? They even sleep together."Della saw the Firebolt and asked Harry, "it's so expensive, is it fast to ride?" Harry took a quick glance at Hermione and said, "I haven't ridden it yet."Hermione smiled.Harry explained: "Hermione thought it might be dangerous, so I, will give it to Professor McGonagall for examination. I'll ride it after that."———————————————At dinner, Della saw Hermione and Harry sitting together and muttering.She asked Fred, "did they suddenly make up?" Fred took a look in less interest: "Yes. I think Ron has been dumped." From his look Della knew the recent experiment was not going well. "What's the matter?" Fred said to her: "I need new ideas!" They had a lot of ideas, some of which can be realized, some of which can't, or maybe it's just a technical problem at this stage, after he learned more spells, he can do it."When comes to this, I have something want you to do." Della said.She shared two ideas, both were inspired by Dick.Once she wanted to turn Dick into a Toucan."Turing people into animals can be a little funny for a while, but it's better to be a cute one." She thought if Dick had become a Toucan, she would love him more.Fred's eyes brightened, he took out the quill and parchment from his bag and wrote, "what else is it?" Della: "And one more, the magic headgear."Fred asked: "More detailed?" Della waved her hand, "maybe we can try them all? Multi-colours and materials. Like hair turn into stone? Or a bald head after wear it?""Baldy!" Fred was inspired!"This is a good idea!" He sang happily, "bald in the front, bald in the back, bald in the middle." He said, "it's better to make it into an ornament, like earings, studs. Work for a long time after wearing them, and keep for… a few hours. It's beneficial for mischief. Oh, it will be very popular!"On the other side, George and Angelina were sitting together.Angelina said: "Della and Fred are really match." George: "They're mean to be together."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 18. BoysThe night after Christmas, when returned to Hogwarts, students had a good time.Della and her friends chatted happily in the common room, talked about their Christmas gifts, and had a dinner even bigger than the Christmas one.She also spent more than an hour chatting with Fred on a sofa before going to take a shower.They shared the same bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans.Della even mentioned the pomade in the Christmas gift that Hermione received.Fred was a little embarrassed. Not that he didn't want to buy the better one, but…"If only you could do it." His girlfriend expected."Oh, honey," Fred turned happy, "you really think I'm omnipotent, don't you?" Della had no doubt of his ability. "You can, can't you?""Oh." Fred sighed and leaned over.They kissed each other through air.After that, Fred looked at her affectionately and asked, "when can I really kiss you?" Della replied, "…after you finished your experiment of Amortentia?" Fred began to figure out when he could be able to work out the weakened version.Then he cried, "would be until next year?" Dell's face went bad.Fred quickly made up for it: "Honey, I'm not saying you're not important…"At that time, students around were waiting for their… another break-up.Della calmed down.Fred talked her for a long time, praised her from head to toe, then her mood became better. She even thought if next time she was angry, it's no necessary to break up, she can punish Fred for saying nice words to her.Then she went back to her bedroom, took a bath, took a night care of her skin, and tried Hermione's pomade — it really worked!If its price was not so outrageous, she could… buy one.Finally, she sprayed it on her pillow, lay down and smelled again the odour of Fred's sweater — The instruction indicated to spray it on the pillow or blanket, it would be the smell you most desired to have.She also told Hermione this secret, which made her wonder what smell did Hermione have before she fell asleep.Then she was asleep.Later, all of a sudden, she woke up.Della bounced out of bed, still at a loss. In front of her, everyone was up, Katie was still holding her pillow.Outside door was in chaos, someone was running up and down the stairs.Della scratched her head and glanced at the magic clock at the head of the bed: Two o'clock in the morning.Della: "What happened?" Katie replied, "I don't know, but you'd better got up and put on your cloak, maybe…"The door was knocked by the perfect. "Bundle up and come out." She said outside.Della had to get up, put on her cloak, hat and scarf, looked at her feet, and put on her dragon-hide boots."What's up?" Katie asked. "Boy's dormitory has been invaded," said the female prefect.A room of girls looked at each other.Della asked for everyone, "well… did you talk about girl's dormitory?"The prefect shook her head, "no, it's boy's."There was a deep sigh in the room.Della: "May I ask which bedroom it is?""Harry Potter's," said the prefect, paused and went on complicatedly, "it was Ronald Weasley who was attacked."The girls looked at each other again.Della: "it's really…" She was stuck.Everyone looked at her and waited for her words.Strange? Peculiar? Incredible?Della: "…pitiful." She finally expressed sympathy.The girls came out of the bedroom in cloaks, hats and scarves and to the common room.It's Ron on the sofa, covered in blankets, surrounded by people.Hermione and Harry sat beside him.Fred and George were by the side.Fred: "It's incredible."George: "Yes, it's probably the only time in your life that you've been passionately pursued."The students around cachinnated.Romilda Vane called out to stop them: "You're so mean!" She stared at the twins sternly, then squatted in front of Ron and held his hand, "you must be scared."Harry nodded, "yes, he woke us all up."Ron's eyes were red, and so as to his nose, he must have cried. "Fair enough, Harry. I saw Sirius Black standing in front of my bed like he was going to kill me!" Harry frowned, "then he must have mistaken. It's me that he wants to kill."Ron sniffed, "oh, he should have found out that he had identified the wrong person, since he ripped my bed nets and stopped when he saw me. Then he ran away."Hermione sighed, "I have to say, you're so lucky. He's in Azkaban and must be mad. He can recognize you're not Harry," she hugged Ron and Harrys "you're both lucky tonight!"Harry blushed.Ron struggled uneasily. "Hey, let go!" Hermione did so. Ron muttered, "you're not my mother." He shivered as if he thought of his mother's arms.Fred: "Oh my poor little brother." He also hugged Ron.Ron screamed and struggled.Fred let go of him, but George sighed with "oh my dear little brother!" and hugged Ron again.Ron yelled and struggled again. He got angry because people around were not sympathy to him but started cackling.He thought the twins were trying to make fun of him.Della looked around and said to Katie, "Fred is so considerate."Katie was not sure: "What?" Della: "He made fun of Ron so he wouldn't be scared. Look, Ron is much better now."Katie looked at Ron, who was going to be mad, in red. Unfortunately, he can't win his two brothers."…All right." Katie took a look at Della, "whatever."Finally, all of them had to go to the dining room to sleep.Because Sirius Black destroyed the door of Gryffindor, and everyone could come in now.The students, dressed in pajamas and cloaks, lined up and went downstairs to the cafeteria.Fred said to Della, "that's great. We can be the first one to have breakfast next morning."Katie heard it nearby, rolled her eyes, but saw Della chuckled happily. She said to Angelina, "if everyone falls in love like Della, who think everything about her boyfriend is good…" She shivered, "that's terrible." She couldn't image being so stupid.Angelina: "Everyone is different, maybe you won't."Katie nodded, "yes, I will keep calm."The dining room was full of sleeping bags, the long tables were gone.She and Fred could lie together this time, with their sleeping bags next to each other.When Della got into her bag, Fred held her cloak and said, "I can watch you till you fall asleep."The two chortled at each other. Percy Weasley, the brother of the twins, came up and urged his brother, "get into your bag, it's time of lights out."Fred shook his head, got into his sleeping bag and said to Percy, "I don't think you have a girlfriend."Percy blushed, "don't worry about me! Now, close your eyes!" Fred: "Are you going to sing me a lullaby next, dear brother?"Percy stormed off.Headmaster Dumbledore came, and said, "good night." Then he raised his wand and put a pure white spell.Della fell asleep, very fast, without a dream.———————————————Lupin was running in the campus, chasing a running figure in front of him.He suddenly rolled to the ground, became a four feet animal, and ran faster.Lupin watched him run farther, he had to put a spell.But the figure of the four feet was very nimble, he seemed to know the movement behind him, turned around and jumped away from the incantation.Lupin had to catch up more closely and kept sending spells.However, he lost it in the end.He panted and stopped, feeling that he had never been so tired.He hoped others could be luckier them him.————————————————In the morning, when Della and her friends woke up, they need to go back to the tower to change clothes before came back.Fred: "How inconvenient. Why don't we go up after breakfast?" Professor McGonagall walked around to urge everyone, hearing this, she turned around and said, "Mr. Weasley, you should hurry up, or you will miss your breakfast.""Of course, professor, I'm leaving now." Fred said sweetly at once.Then he winked at Della and sped off with George.Della giggled and went with Katie and Angelina.She just found out that she couldn't find Hermione.So strange, she was just there.Harry was looking around, too. When he saw her, he came over and asked, "do you see Hermione? I can't find her."Della shook her head. "She may have left." But it didn't make sense, she didn't wait for her nor Harry.Harry nodded hesitantly.Della hurried upstairs to wash herself, put on her robe, took her bag and ran down, only to find Hermione sitting at the table for breakfast."It's no fair! How could you be faster than me?" She said, sat next to her,Hermione was about to talk to her when Harry ran in breathlessly, sat on the other side of her and handed over a book, "here, I'm afraid you haven't got the textbook, so I asked Romilda to get it for me."Hermione frowned at the name of "Romilda", but she accepted it happily.She looked around Harry and asked strangely, "what about Ron? Aren't you together?"Harry: "Romilda stopped him, she seemed to comfort him."Hermione gently uttered a sound, exchanged a look with Harry, and both of them chuckled.Della had never felt herself transparent.She ate eggs in silence and finally waved happily when saw Fred, "dear, come on!"Fred took only two sandwiches and left. He sent Della a kiss, "honey, I have to go! My homework is short for three inches!"Above them, Professor McGonagall glanced at him, apparently heard the word.Fred ran away, and Della's face turned black again.She wanted to complain to Hermione but saw Hermione and Harry were talking happily, they seemed to be talking about a very difficult spell.…She never knew Harry was a good student.But now he seemed to have a lot experience with this difficult spell, and he's actually giving Hermione some tips.He · was · instructing · Hermione!"The Patronus Charm requires a little skill, but it's not difficult at all…"She sighed heavily in her heart: Boys!

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 19. Great Black back homeSirius wandered in the Forbidden Forest for a long time, being confident for no pursuers behind him, he finally went back to the Shrieking Shack along the tunnel under the Whomping Willow.Located in Hogsmeade, the Shrieking Shack, where no one had been near because of the horror of the stories.There was a thick deposit of dust on the stairs and floor.Sirius slipped upstairs, panting in the dust, and slowly reformed his human form.For a moment he felt his heart stopped, but he was still breathing.He's still alive.Since he's still alive, he had something to do.He closed his eyes and endured the hunger.There were too many magical animals in the Forbidden Forest, he can't catch something to eat. And he had been hiding from the centaurs, who were grumpy and didn't like wizards.Moreover, he wasn't sure if the centaurs would tell Hagrid about seeing a great black dog. The half giant had always been very good at magical animals.After it's dark, he would turn into a dog and sneak out to see if there's any food in the garbage can in the village.Suddenly, came a sigh.Sirius immediately turned over and climbed up alert! He kept a dog's movement, landing on all fours.He began to become a dog.A candle suddenly lit up, brightened the room.Headmaster Dumbledore stood in the corner, looking at Sirius, with a loving face, as if he were still the naughty Gryffindor.Sirius was in twisted face and sour eyes. He wanted to run but didn't dare, wanted to explain but couldn't speak.At last, he could only say, "headmaster, you may not believe me, but I have something to do, I can't be caught."He's ready to run before his voice fell.Dumbledore raised a hand, didn't use the wand, he said, "Sirius, I'm here just telling you that we've got a mouse from Gryffindor's common room."Sirius stood rigidly.He couldn't believe and stammered, "you got him?" Dumbledore whispered, "a smart Gryffindor found out his abnormal. She trusted me and told me. I immediately found out the big secret of that mouse, and caught him. Now he's in our hands. If you like, you can go with me. The people of the Ministry of Magic will arrive at 10 o'clock. We will hold a small trial in Hogwarts to testify a person is guilty, while the other one… is innocent."Sirius was crawling on the ground wailing. He grabbed his chest as if to tear out his ribs and take out his heart.He cried like a child.Dumbledore slowly approached him, conjured a cloak on him, and helped him up, saying: "you scared Ron Weasley a lot. Although he's a boy, he's the youngest son of the Weasleys, so he's a little timid. If you meet him later, it's better not to mention this thing which will make him ashamed. I think you will see him soon." He winked at Sirius, "he's Harry's good friend. Harry spent the last few days of last summer vacation at the Weasley's house."When heard of Harry, he rubbed his hands nervously and sniffed, "he… I mean, will he accept me? Will he like me?"Dumbledore nodded, "If you ask me, yes. Harry is a very gentle child, a little sensitive. Like the most Gryffindor of this age, he is adventurous, has a strong sense of self-esteem and loves friends." He raised his eyebrows and shook his head disapprovingly, "but not paying enough attention to his lessons."Sirius was thirsty to listen every word, trying to imprint on his brain. In his word, the image of a clever, lovely, naughty little boy unfolded slowly.He'll be a bit like James.He sniffed, an unskilfully grin breaking across his face, "he's good at riding a broomstick, like James." He took a quick look at Dumbledore and explained in a low voice, "I've seen him play Quidditch secretly, he's flying so well!"Dumbledore: "So you sent him a Firebolt for Christmas?" Sirius shrugged as before, "I'm his godfather, I should give him gifts, some big things that parents won't buy him!" He stretched his hands and gestured.He was very happy, and hoped Harry would like the present.———————————————He was taken to the hospital wing to take a bath, changed clothes, got a cut of hair and beard, and had a full meal.Then he saw Lupin.Sirius stood up with sandwiches in his mouth, opened his thin arms to him: "Good bro!"Lupin hugged him and the two hugged tightly.Sirius wept. He wiped away his tears, smiled and looked at his good friend with treasure, his only one left friend.Lupin said: "Headmaster asked me to pass you a word: When you come to the Ministry of Magic, you should keep your mouth shut."Sirius nodded as rolled his eyes, "when can I meet our old friend Peter?" he asked.Lupin looked at the old friend, he could see what was in his mind."For a moment." He replied.Sirius wolfed down everything on the plate, but it was immediately filled with sandwiches.He had eaten two plates just now, even if he was so starving, he would need a rest.He said, "you lied to me."Lupin curled his lips, looked sideways to him, saying, "I'm lying to you, you know"."Headmaster won't let me see Peter. He's afraid I would kill him in a flash!" Sirius couldn't help roaring.Lupin was like a skilful mother dealing with an innocent child, waited for his finished. After a while, he looked at him and said, "you're very clever, headmaster needs him to speak out the truth before you can appear in front of the Ministry of Magic. You're still a criminal. Your crime was convicted by the Ministry of Magic, who is prickly to deal with. Don't make headmaster headache, he has put a lot effort into calling those people coming here in a short time."Of course, Sirius knew. And he didn't believe himself, what he would do if he really saw Peter.Obviously, Lupin knew how to divert his attention. He stood in front of the window of hospital wing and looked into the courtyard. "See, Harry, they're having a flying lesson."Sirius couldn't help walking up, seeing Harry flying around a girl in a low height, circling that girl, as if to encourage her.The girl was not very good at riding a broomstick. She laughed and waved to drive Harry away.Lupin and Sirius both grinned.Sirius pointed to them and said, "James did it."Lupin: "But I remember Lily hit him off the broomstick. She said he was showing off his cleverness and she didn't like it at all."Sirius: "He was like a rabbit around Lily." He asked Lupin curiously, "is that the same with Harry?" Lupin shook his head, "not before Christmas, he preferred to be with friends at that time. After Christmas… he seemed to have a crush on Hermione."Sirius: "Hermione?" "Hermione Granger, her name." replied Lupin."It's a lovely name." Sirius smiled."She is like Lily, very strict, smart, and good at studying, is the best one among the whole grade." Lupin went on, "she always taught Harry lessons, I guess they used to have conflicts, since Harry has a lot pride. He may want to make up for the girl now, as a result…" He spread his hands.Sometimes, love just came suddenly.They kept watching them till Harry finished the class. He saw another boy came to Harry after class, the red-hair Weasley.Sirius: "I'm going to apologize to that boy. What do you think is good for him?" Lupin: "He has five brothers."Sirius: "All right, I got it. Something cool, right?" It's better that none of his brothers had it.They talked until Dumbledore called them.Dumbledore saw the smile on Sirius's face and said, "you look good. Then come with me, Sirius. I need you to be polite. If you are beyond angry, be quiet. Remember? Keep quiet when you get angry. Leave the rest to me."Sirius stood up and nodded nervously, "ok, headmaster, I remember. I won't do it wrong."Dumbledore smiled. "If everything goes well, you can sit with Harry at the table and eat lamb chops at dinner. After so many years of school, do you miss the school dinner?"Sirius nodded, "every day."————————————————It's too exciting at dinner today.Della and Katie came in together, they were talking with Fred that he had seen people from the Ministry of Magic.Fred's father, Arthur worked in the Ministry of Magic, so he knew a lot of people in there.Katie: "Why does the Ministry of Magic come to Hogwarts?" "Maybe it's for those things out of school?" Della said.Those things were ghosts like floated monster with feet off the ground.She knew they're called Dementors, but it's never written in the book that they're more like a ghost!"I hope headmaster can get rid of them as soon as possible!" Della complained."Maybe soon, Miss Bush." A voice from Headmaster Dumbledore suddenly came from behind.Della turned around and said hello with Katie.Headmaster Dumbledore blinked at her, "let me introduce for you. This is my friend."Della saw the man behind the headmaster.He almost lost his shape, but brightened in his eyes, shining with fire, which made the whole person in an abnormal excitement.However, he stood straight, and naturally held her hand and gave her a kiss when he saw her.Della thought he was an artist, while after he kissing her hands, she immediately regarded him as a pale and weak aristocrat, who enjoyed roses and drank tea every day."Nice to meet you, miss." He winked at her.Then he did the same thing to Katie.Fred had pulled her aside — he didn't get his head around just now.Della: "He's so handsome, isn't he?" Fred: "No, he's not better than a stool."Della: "He's just a little thin."Fred: "All he left is the skeleton."Della: "Don't be so mean, he's very polite."Fred rolled up his sleeves, "I'll show him how polite I am."But he didn't squeeze in. Headmaster Dumbledore brought the skinny man to Harry and asked him to take care of him.Harry readily promised.Hermione was nervous, from the moment she saw the man, after her eyes looked up and down at his face. If he wasn't taken from Headmaster Dumbledore, she might have taken out the wand.This man, he claimed to be Black, was very talkative, he's a Gryffindor that everyone could tell. He attracted a lot of people, and he began to talk about his adventure story.Hermione said pointedly, "if talk about adventure, it's very risky for you to enter Hogwarts, if you see, it's all Dementors outside the school." Harry nodded, "they're terrible." Black said casually: "Miss, please forgive me for my offence, but I know much about Dementors, I've been dealing with them for a long time. When it comes to handle them, I'm very experienced!"Hermione sneered, "of course you're experienced!"Harry found the impoliteness of Hermione, didn't know why. He thought it was impolite but didn't want to contradict Hermione to embarrass her in the front of others, so he took her hand under the table.Hermione blushed.Black gave Harry a quick look and a bad grin. He patted Harry on his shoulder and saw the girl named Hermione staring at his hand nervously.This was a smart girl who loved Harry, a good girl."It's easy to cheat them." Black said.He attracted everyone around him.All of them were talking."Did he say cheat Dementors?""How to cheat? Dementors don't talk nor accept bribes, they don't even recognize gold Galleon.""I really want to know! I've wanted to slip into Hogsmeade for a long time!"Fred, who had just imagined how to finish the man, was determined to put down his hatred and listen to what he said.He began to jostle into the crowd.Della peeled a toffee.Black cleared his throat and was about to say.Above, Headmaster Dumbledore stoop up and knocked on the goblet. The whole room was quiet. He amplified his voice and said, "please sit down. Today, we have a mistake that has been corrected. A sinner was pleaded guilty, and an old friend, come back to us."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 20. GirlsThe Bush family had three children who returned from Hogwarts at their dinner today.They had summer vocations.Dick was the most excited one on the table, he couldn't wait to tell his parents what happened at school."…Then the headmaster introduced the wanted man, Sirius Black! — I forget how many people he killed with a magic spell? Hans, do you remember?" He asked his brother in a pretentious way.Hans replied in a good temper — he did think his little brother had forgotten — "men of a street.""Men of a street!" Dick was all over the table, "and he was sitting right in the middle of us!""Oh, god!" from Jack."Unbelievable!" from Lucy.Their parents were very supportive.The youngest sister Hannah also kept up with the whole family to open her mouth and look at her little brother in a shock.Dick comforted everyone, "calm down, relax."He began to describe the wanted man vividly — oh, he's not wanted anymore.He was a man who had been framed, the Ministry of Magic had admitted that they made a small mistake and had kept an innocent man in prison for more than ten years.But this was the responsibility of Mr. Crouch, who had been to the Ministry of Sport as the minister, the current Minister of Magic was innocent.As a result, Minister Crouch had to come out and admit his mistake in the Daily Prophet, and was willing to resign to take charge of it."I've always had a problem with my legs and wanted to move to warm France," he said in the newspaper, "thank you for your concern, but I won't come back to England in the future."Later, a columnist in the Daily Prophet wrote it was an irresponsible escape."Mr. Crouch has left everything to his colleagues, the other gentlemen of the Ministry of Magic who have made no mistake."But in any case, Mr. Crouch still quickly finished his resign paperwork and went to France. In an interview, his neighbour said that Mr. Crouch's wife, who had passed away, was a nice woman."She always wanted to go to the south of France on her honeymoon. Now…" This sentimental neighbour wiped her tears and told that she thought Mr. Crouch had chosen France must because he missed Mrs. Crouch.That report redeemed a little reputation of Mr. Crouch."I've heard that story, too." Mum, Lucy said, "I would say that Black looks pretty handsome." She asked her husband Jack, "you remember him, don't you? I remember the Bush family had a marriage with the Black family."Jack replied softly, "eighty years ago, honey. And …" He said to the children on the table, "I remember that little Bush girl eloped with another Hufflepuff."Elopement!What an exciting word!Everyone exclaimed.Della also became interested in this topic. She asked, "what's her name? I mean, what should I call her…"Jack: "Forget it. I didn't even figure out what I should call her. Her name is Claudia."There was also a portrait of this brave Claudia in the family.Under the strong request of children, especially Della, Jack dug the portrait out of the warehouse, opened the wooden box, the gentle and beautiful girl on the painting winked at them.She's a beauty.That explained why Black, an always Slytherin, would like to marry an ancestral Hufflepuff.Mother, Lucy hugged Della and shook her head at the beautiful girl in the painting that had been hung up again, sighed, "beauty and stupidity are advantages to men."The girl blinked and said to them, "obviously, I'm not as stupid as they think," she wrinkled her nose and added, "but maybe it's stupid for them that I eloped with Alan. After all, he's just a son of a shoemaker."This made Della start thinking about what would happen if she eloped with Fred. The thought kept her going!She couldn't help writing to Hermione with this.Hermione wrote back soon, and she joined the conversation enthusiastically."First of all, I don't think you and Fred will elope. Neither the Bush family nor the Weasleys will oppose you.But if skip this premise, you should have a good life after elopement. I mean, Fred is a pragmatic person, he would find a job immediately. He has a plan for the future and loves his family, as well as he has a sense of responsibility. Della, you're gentle and kind, so you will have a good time."She also imagined if she eloped, it would be easier. After all, she's a Muggle. If she did so, the life must be switched from the wizard world to the Muggle's. That's no problem for her."I know where to rent a house, where to buy cheap food, and how to work.And it's no difficult for him, too. Maybe it would be better for him to get out of that environment."Della always felt that the "he" in her letter was someone.But Hermione hadn't told her yet.So she could only pretend to be unknown.Compared with her and Fred, Hermione and the "he" were shy and careful people.Therefore, their love fruit also need to be carefully taken care of.She hadn't seen Fred for nearly twenty days.It should be very easy for them to meet, because Fred had learned the Disapparation this year, but he refused to take her to do it, he said he's not proficient."What if you lose an ear?""Although I love you even if it came true, I heard from those people of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad that it hurt."Besides, according to him, he had a big plan."We'll see each other soon! I promise it's a big surprise!""Then we can be together for a whole week!""There are parents, though, it doesn't matter."He only asked his owl to send her the Ton-Tongue Toffee that he had finally made successfully, with a stable formula."Better than what you fed me last time, honey."Della put the sweet in her bedroom, but Dick took one, and had his tongue growing on the floor.Della quickly shoved the wrapper into his mouth, then his tongue retracted.But Dick blackmailed her after that: "if you don't give me half of them, I'll tell mom you bully me."In the horror sight of Della, he explained in a low voice: "Well, you can get it anytime, right? Fred will give you."And he added, "…well, I want to give it to Sam, he bullies me all the time in the bedroom."Della snorted coldly, "can someone bully you?" But she still grabbed Dick a lot. "In order to avoid big troubles, if you don't want to be deducted, you should keep the wrapper when feeding others, that's the antidote."Dick was very smart, he rolled his eyes and asked, "what if the wrapper is lost?" Della smiled, "then you'll get fifty points off."Dick shuddered and dismissed the evil idea.Watching Dick's happy steps, she felt she had attracted a long-term client for Fred.———————————————Fred's big plan finally came out.Mrs. Weasley, Fred's mother, Molly, invited four children from the Bush family to the Quidditch World Cup this year through the fireplace."Arthur has an acquaintance in the Sports Department. He got enough tickets," Molly said, "it's said it's going to be a very exciting match this year. I don't understand, but the boys are going crazy."Lucy: "Oh Molly, I can't leave you four children, they will drive you crazy!"Molly smiled and shook her head, "no problem. I raised up six boys, I know how to take care of them. Besides, Hans and Della are very sensible, Dick can play with Ron, and Hannah, a cute angle, let her watch the world cup, too. Who knows if it will be held in England next time?"That's true.Lucy decided to accept Molly's kindness. She told the news to her four children.Dick went straight mad.Della saw him jumping like a gorilla on the sofa, "I remember you don't like Quidditch." She said.Dick: "But I like the World Cup! I bet there won't be more than ten people going to the World Cup in our grade!" He screamed, "I'll make them deadly envy!"Vanity!Della rolled her eyes and went back to the bedroom.Lucy came up to her and saw her packing. "Oh, honey — are you going to take all your robes?"The door of wardrobe was wide opened and the bed was full of clothes.It looked like she's trying to tuck the whole wardrobe in.Della was worried. When she saw Lucy, she jumped up and rushed to her side, took her arm and asked sweetly, "Mom, can I buy another pair of jeans, and two more vests?" She added, "I have no clothes."Lucy looked at the robes all over the bed, nodded, "ok, honey, I understand."Girls.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 21. Dear brotherSirius loved Harry very much. He's keen to appear in very word of Harry.This was Hermione's first impression of Sirius Black.Not too bad, because Harry had been looking forward to a family who loved him for a long time.She had long been unpleasing with Harry's aunt family.When she wanted to inform the child welfare, her parents reminded her that Harry was the savior of the Wizard World, the things around him could be complicated.If she rashly informed the child Welfare, she may get Harry into troubles. Mom and dad wanted her to be more careful about this, and suggested her ask people in the Magic World.While Hermione didn't know whom to ask.She meant, considering Harry was the savior, she thought she could go to the Minister of Magic. However, according to the Daily Prophet, the Minister of Magic was not the one who had a visionary and care a lot for Harry. Especially in the third year, when Harry met the Minister of Magic in Diagon Alley, Hermione had more doubts about him from Harry's words.—The minister did keep an eye on Harry. Was he the one to be worthy trusted?What's more, she needed to consider another issue: How to meet the minister and ask questions, as well as make sure he would not drive out a little girl who wasn't as tall as a cupboard?The other person was Headmaster Dumbledore.But the headmaster was just a headmaster after all. Even if Harry's parents were all his students, that didn't mean he had the obligation to do something for Harry. A little care for him was due to a little bit of nostalgia.She hesitated for two years, and finally waited for someone whom she could talk to about Harry, and who was responsible and obliged to take care of it."You mean… his aunt treats him badly?" Sirius clenched his fists.This girl, with all her fourteen-year-old wisdom, said seriously that she wanted to talk to him — on the night when he was going to leave Hogwarts and return to Black's house in advance to take Harry for the summer vacation.He thought it was just a small thing about Harry and his little girlfriend, but didn't expect to hear that.Harry, his godson, lived in the cupboard?"If you don't calm down, I won't say it." Hermione knew how to make people obedient. She had always been sharp, which was not a very pleasant feature of her personality, while she liked her own point very much and didn't intend to change it."I'll. Please go on." Sirius was pale, but he did calm down."I mean, they used to be the only family of Harry." Hermione said resignedly, "although I know that Harry is abused by them, lives in the cupboard, may need to do a lot of housework, and it's said that he need to weed, he is not beaten. Maybe occasionally there is a slap, but the general parents will also spank their children." She began to put in good word for them, since she was afraid that Sirius would soon rush to the Muggle block and send himself into Azkaban again.Sirius smiled and refilled her with juice, "don't worry, I won't be impulsive."Hermione then continued, "if I call the police, the child welfare will probably take Harry away and find him a foster home again. It looks good, but Harry has a special identity and I don't know if there's any problem with that." That's why she hesitated for two years, and it made her feel guilty.Sirius nodded affirmatively: "You did it right. It's right that you didn't call the police." He had heard from Dumbledore that Harry really needed to stay with his uncle for two weeks a year.Hermione relieved, "now that you're back, I think Harry will be much happier with you. He's talking about you every day. He's very, very looking forward to his new home." She chuckled.Sirius smiled, too.Both thought of the same person.When Sirius got up to take Hermione out, he suddenly said, "I heard that a hippogriff was about to be executed unfairly."Hermione sighed. "Yes, the hearing failed. Malfoy controlled the whole thing. Hagrid was very sad, and the sentence will be on this Thursday.""I notice you have a little thing," said Sirius softly, with a low head.Hermione followed his eyes and saw the gold pocket watch she had on her chest. She immediately tucked it into her chest pocket.Sirius blinked. "I know this very well, because I used it once for a year. I have to say, it really works."Hermione immediately understood what he meant, "but Professor McGonagall said I shouldn't use it..."Sirius: "to save a life. I think it's justice, no one will blame you — because no one will know."He opened the door and saw Harry just outside the door raising his hand to knock on it. He saw Hermione and smiled in surprise, then wondering, "are you coming to Sirius, too? Why don't you ask me to go with you?"Hermione stammered, "I…"Sirius: "Oh, I'd like to invite your friend to our new house. I was afraid that she would refuse, so I told her first."After hearing this, Harry immediately worried and asked: "you won't refuse, right? I'd like you and Ron to come." Hermione blushed. "Oh, I, I was going to see my aunt… and I also want to…, but I'll go. I promised Sirius." She stammered, had no idea what she had said.Harry grinned: "Great!"Sirius gave Harry a push. "It's late. It's a duty of gentleman to send a lady back to the bedroom. Hurry up. We can talk tomorrow." Harry said, "Oh, I just came to tell you that I prefer the Chudley Cannons." Sirius touched his chin. "You know what, I also prefer the Cannons!""So…" Sitting on the Weasley's bed, Hermione had just confessed to Della that she and Harry not only did a big thing at the end of last semester, but also were together."When we came back, he kissed me." Hermione was so nervous that she couldn't help stroking the tassel on the sheet.Della let out a whoop, "cool!" She said unhappily, "until last year, it was me who offered the kiss."Hermione whispered, "but he's been pestering you for half a year. Even a fool knows he wants to kiss you."Because he learned the French kissing.Della's face was a little feverish, then she changed the topic: "So, how do you feel?" Hermione whispered, "he hit my teeth. It hurt a little." She unconsciously licked her front teeth and continued, "I guess it's Sirius told him to kiss me. He is a playboy." She talked about Harry's new godfather with a little criticism, "but he is very, very good to Harry. you know what, I went to Black's old house for my summer vacation. There was an elf in their house, but the house was just like a…" She found a precise adjective, "a warehouse that hasn't been cleaned in ten years. But Harry's room has all the things you can think of boys like, all of them!""That elf is not so good." said Della at once. She remembered this!Although she forgot the elf's name.Hermione took a strange look at her, not delving into it: "you haven't seen it yet — but it's really rude to all of us, and also bad to Sirius. Sirius said it was feed with too much Dark Arts. I agreed, since it said it would cut off my head… It looks too old. I think it's pathetic, but also a little scary."They kept talking in Fred and George's room till the time for dinner.The Weasley family was very busy today.Fred's mother, Molly, had been taking Hannah with her all day. She said Hannah was very lovely.Hannah was nine years old, and she would go to Hogwarts in two years. She and Fred's little sister, Ginny, had been talking. Ginny talked a lot to Hannah. She said, "I think you'll be a Hufflepuff."Hannah said, "my mom and dad also said the same thing. My sister and Dick are freaks in the family, although I love them very much."Della heard this when she came over.…Her little sister was sharper than she thought.Speaking of the above brothers and sisters, Ginny and Hannah had a lot of topics. They sat together all night, talking all the time."I suspect Hannah is complaining about me." Della said to Hermione.Hermione: "Do you punish her?"Della shook her head, "No, I only punish Dick."Hermione shook her head.Dick and Ron were sitting together. Strangely, they seemed to have a good conversation. Della saw Dick shove Ron some toffee.Ron reminded him not to eat them.Dick: "I know, it makes your tongue longer. It's cool! When I go back to school, I'll eat them with my roommates to see who can keep it for a longer time!"Ron started to regard it as a good idea. He asked Fred and George for toffee after dinner.But both said no.Ron was upset, "but Dick has so many!"Fred said, "I didn't give it to him."Ron: "Of course I know. But you must have given it to Della, and then Della give it to Dick. Why can't you give it to me, too?""Maybe it's because she's my girlfriend, and you're my nasty little brother?"Ron was pissed off.Fred came to Della, pulled her away from Hermione, and the two went out for a walk in the yard to see the stars in the surrounding of the mosquitoes."Do you like the candy?" Fred asked."Of course, it will be popular. How much are you going to sell for one?" Della asked. "I think Dick will buy it from you when he finishes those. He also likes it very much, boys will like it very much.""That's good." Fred said dryly, leading her to the hillside where no one was.Insects were singing in the grass.Overhead was a brilliant star river.Della felt his tension and his bad thoughts.But for a good atmosphere.She raised her head, closed her eyes, and felt his intense breath.…Then they both heard a few voices.Ron: "Hey, keep it down."Harry: "Come on."Dick: "Whoa!" His voice was the loudest.Fred stood up and said, "I hate having so many brothers."Della nodded. When the two were going to catch the annoying little boys, Fred saw his closest brother, the twin brother.George was also among them: He's teaching others: "If you peep, you can't make a sound. Next time I'll put bits on you."Fred: "…"He saw Fred and showed his hand: "Bro, believe me, I tried to stop them." Fred nodded. "Yes, but you can't. Then you come with them."At last they tumbled on the grass like fools.Della stormed off.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 22. The hickeyThe next day, they were all woken up before five in the morning.It's still dark.Della, Hannah and Hermione slept in Ron's room, while Ron and Harry had to go to stay with Weasley's eldest son, Bill, and the second son, Charlie.Ron hated being in the same room with his older brother, but Harry and Charlie had a good time talking. Charlie used to be a chaser in Gryffindor. In those seven years, Gryffindor always got the Quidditch Cup. He was excellent.He said to Harry, "if it hadn't been for the dragons, I would have gone to the Cannons."They talked about Quidditch all night, so hotly that they even agreed to continue correspondence later.So, when they got to the dining room and sat at the table, Harry even grabbed his socks in his hands and forgot to wear them.Fred and George look a little more sober than the rest of the table. They are all wearing Muggle youth's favourite jeans and hooded jackets.Mr. Weasley wanted to look good. He wore a football shirt and jeans.They compared their Muggle clothes at the table to see whose were better."Harry, of course." Ron said, "he grew up in the Muggle world."Harry pulled at the huge Hoodie and grossly fat pants of his cousin — his cousin had two hundred pounds, maybe three hundred.He shook his head and said, "no, even Mr. Weasley is better dressed than me."At this time, Della and Hermione arrived.Hermione followed Della, smiling.And Della, her dress shocked everyone.She was wearing a half waistcoat with a wide opened neckline, inside which could see a sports bra with a half waist exposed, and she was wearing a pair of denim shorts and a pair of dragon-hide boots.What's more, with no idea how she changed her complexion, now she looks tanned.There was nobody speaking in the dining room for a moment.Seeing this, Hermione said, "Della is very, very beautiful! Is it, Harry?"Harry held his glasses and looked at the shocked faces of other wizards at the table. He nodded positively and said, "yes, it's very beautiful. In my uncle's neighbourhood, girls dress like this in summer. "Mrs. Weasley, Molly came to urge everyone to sit down. She also praised Della's clothes: "It's beautiful! Only young girls dare to wear this! Look at your little waist!" Then she served Della a plate of fried sausages.Della took the toast and wanted to have jam. She asked Fred, "pass me the cranberry sauce, please."Fred's face was as bad as ever, seeing Ron's eyes still on Della, he kicked him hard under the table.Then he threw the cranberry sauce to Della.Della was not happy either. "Be polite."Fred began to hardly cut, chew and rattle the plates and forks.Seeing Della's face get worse, George whispered to his brother, "be happy, I guess Della wants you to see how good she looks. So if you don't behave better, you'll have a big fight."Fred took a deep breath and got better.While they were still not very good after that.Fred wanted to talk to Della, but Della didn't — his reaction just now was really hurtful!She had been holding Hermione, Hermione had to accompany her.Hannah was with Ginny. Dick was at the front. He lived in Percy's house last night. When he came down this morning, he whispered to Della that he had seen Percy's girlfriend."He had her photo, and put it under the pillow!" Dick felt sick.Like Della and Fred, he had no idea why Della had been very good at home, but she fell in love with a boy as soon as she went to school. It's disgusting!Although he still liked Della, he would never like Fred."Don't be that mean," Della said, "you'll like someone sooner or later.""No, I won't." Dick said with certainty and went straight to the front.Hermione comforted Della: "Boys are like this. In this respect, boys mature much later than girls."Della took a look at Fred. "Is he the same?"Hermione laughed. "No, he's just jealous." She pointed to Della, "It's so nice of you to wear this. He's jealous of all the boys who look at you."The jealousy reached to peak when they met Cedric Diggory, the handsome guy of Hufflepuff.Fred took her far and ran in front of everyone.When Della saw there's no one behind her, she refused to run, and shook off his hand — she was still angry."We'll get lost." She said, ready to get back.He grabbed her. "No, I know where the place is. George and I used to run over and ride broomsticks."It was silence.She turned her back to him since she knew his eyes were on her.—Her back was burning.But he didn't talk nor do anything.She couldn't hold but back her head and asked him unconfidently, "don't I look good?" Fred came over in one step.—Were his legs that long? "Good." His eyes were on her, in thirsty.Then he hugged her.They kissed.He had never been so charming, so manly.Della was loopy.She felt his hands under her vest and on the shorts.She pushed him away.She never thought he was so look like a Dementor.She didn't even dare to see what's the expression on him and ran back to Hermione.He chased after her, and they came back like taking a race.Everyone was curious.But nobody dared to ask. They were politely changing the topic.Mr. Weasley and Mr. Diggory were looking at the map. The boys were talking about Quidditch.Ron was looking at her all the time. He seemed to want to say something but was pulled away by Harry."So…" Hermione began to wonder what they did.Della was secretly wiping her mouth at the moment when others were not paying attention."Don't rub it, it's more obvious now." Hermione whispered.Della: "Was the lipstick wiped off?" Hermione gave a look at Fred, "well, yours not." It suddenly occurred to Della that…She jerked her head and looked at Fred!On his mouth!"Hi, bro." George stared at Fred's mouth and hesitated."Well?" Fred had been looking at Della, his eyes couldn't move away from her.George decided not to say it, but conscience prompted him to give his brother a piece of advice, "if someone asks you what's wrong with your mouth, you can say you have eczema at the mouth."Fred turned his head in confusion. "Come again?" George: "If you want to know, you can borrow a mirror from Della."Fred stepped over when he heard he had to go to Della."What should I do?" Della grabbed Hermione, "think about it!"Hermione: "Well, this is a magic lipstick. It… Do you know how long does it last?" Della: "A week." Hermione: "But we have nothing now! There's no way to wash it out! And… I don't know how to do…"Then Fred came.He stood in front of Della, apparently unaware of what was on his mouth and around it.He smiled, "hi."Then followed with her.Hermione prompted walked away.In Fred's loving eyes, Della couldn't confess.Mainly because she didn't know how to solve it.She asked, "if I do something wrong and make you look ugly, will you be angry with me?" Fred smiled and shook his head. "No, how could? I will not be angry with you."Della: "Really not?"Fred: "Definitely."Della: "Ok…"She took Fred's hand and decided to keep up with him!Therefore, when they successfully arrived at the stadium, they met many people at the campsite.And their classmates.When they saw Fred and Della holding hands, they would snigger at Fred's face and look at Della admiringly."Oh, Fred!""Well done, Della!"All the way, everyone was looking at his face. Fred finally found out there's something on his face. He touched his face hesitantly.What's wrong?Seeing that there was no way to hide it, Della said, "when you are in the tent, you can look in the mirror."Fred covered his face. "What prank did you use on my face? Is it what I give you?"Della: "It's not a prank…"When the tent was set up, Fred rushed in first, and then stood in front of mirror.His mouth! Around! It's all lipstick! Anyone could see what he just did!Mr. Weasley also stood in front of the mirror, he looked at his son's face and said, "oh, it's nothing. I've also had this kind of hickey before, which made me afraid of looking up in school for a week."Fred: "…A week?!"

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 23. The scale of loveFred used a headscarf as a mask. He stood in front of the mirror and looked carefully. Then he pulled off the colourful headscarf."It's stupid."Now the Weasleys' boys were here, Bill and Charlie, the eldest two, were apparently very interested in the scene of the little brother's making a fool of himself."Don't worry. Go out and have a look. Everyone is very strange." George said.Fred said, "yes, I see. But the face of Irishman is green.""And you are red, how Gryffindor." Said George.Charlie also stood in front of the mirror and held Fred's shoulder: "It's ok, bro. People will envy you, especially when you're holding Della."Bill comforted his brother, too. "Relax, it's nothing. Go out and smile. No one will take it seriously."Fred wasn't torn for a long time. After he went through, he decided to go out and have a look.Then he found out that the girls were all gone.George said, "Della is probably afraid that you are angry. She and her friends went to fetch the water."Fred began to feel guilty.He ran out to look for Della, determined that no matter who looked at his face, he would not care!He called out to his brother, "George."George: "No, thank you. I don't want to be misunderstood."The other brothers sniggered.—————————————————————This was obviously a wizard's carnival.Della had never seen so many wizards and witches together. She had always thought that wizards were rare, but there were at least tens of thousands of people in front of her.She saw all kinds of skin and heard all kinds of languages. She didn't know where Dick was going for a long time, he had run away for a while.She was in a hurry to find him, but he came out of nowhere and said he saw a man playing flute! There was a cobra in front of him!"That snake is very big! Bigger than my thighs!"Della wanted to go with Dick but was pulled by Hermione. "No. We are going to pick up the water. When we came here just now, I saw there was a line!"Hans, together with Harry and Ron, carried the bucket, he said to Della in a good temper, "if you want to see it, I can accompany you when we finish."He asked Dick, "which country is that guy?" Dick shook his head: "I don't know. He's too black, like the dragon blood ink, wearing a big scarf and sitting on a flying carpet. Can we have a flying carpet at home, too?""It must be a wizard from the Arab side." Hermione said.Hermione had read many books. She said there were wizards from foreign countries, and witchcraft and wizardry schools like Hogwarts."France has Beauxbatons, Germany has Durmstrangs, and the United States has Ilvermorny," she said, "But in more countries, witchcraft schools are kept secret. No one knows where they are or what their names are. They are completely hidden." When it came to the end, her voice was automatically lower.All of them couldn't help holding their breaths."What a mystery," Dick murmured.He then had a much better attitude towards Hermione, and seemed to regard her as a knowledgeable person.Della whispered in Hermione's ear, "Miss Know-all."Hermione rolled her white eyes and pinched her quietly.This nickname once made her dare not even raise her head when she was in the first grade. At that time, she was very mutinous and also very confused: Why was good to learn to be a disadvantage? Everyone snickered at her.At that time, Della said to her, that's because there were too many ignorant people in the world. "There may be only one intelligent person in a thousand ignorant people, but in fact, there may be one in ten thousand. They are less, weak and will be bullied."Until now, if she met someone who called her Know-All, she would use a sharp long sentence to knot the head of that person, and then turn up and leave.No one bullied her now. Even if there was, she could solve it by herself.When they got to the place to lift water, there was a long line as expected. The wizards were dressed in strange clothes. The young boys and girls were normally, while the elder ones, like the age of Mr. Weasley, and the elders, their clothes were very weird.For example, an old gentleman standing in front of them was wearing a nurse's hat, white and small.Behind them was a father with a child, wearing a fire hat.Hermione quickly lowered her head and tried to suppress her voice. Harry also did the same thing. They exchanged a look. Harry beckoned Hermione to look at an old gentleman in front of them: He was in a women's, printed, nightdress.Hermione ran out of the line to laugh out. Harry was much better. He opened his mouth silently, with no sound, but anyone could see him smiling.Ron looked back at his two friends and asked, "what's up?"Harry shook his head. "Nothing. Oh, it turns to us."They carried four buckets of water, Della and Hermione took turns with one bucket. When they got back, George looked behind them. "Where's Fred? Didn't he find you?" "He went to find you." Bill smiled and said to Della, "I guess he may have gone somewhere else."Della was about to find Fred at once, but she was caught by George. "There are too many people outside. Don't go out. He will come back sooner or later."When the water was ready, they started cooking.There's enough food in the tent. Mrs. Weasley, Molly may be afraid that Mr. Weasley would starve the children, she prepared enough food to feed even the two teams.While Mr. Weasley insisted on making a bonfire outside the tent to cook. He even prepared a pot, a Muggle pot, without the magical ability to jump on the fire automatically and jump off the stove after cooking.He found all the kitchen utensils that could not move very interesting.Della rushed forward to help — she was very confident on cooking.But after getting burnt of four eggs, she stood there in a daze with a shovel.Hermione rushed over to her after helping Mr. Weasley with the soup."…Actually I'm not bad at frying egges, they're not hard at all." Della explained.Hermione was busy: "Of course, Della, I believe."She had to take care of two fires: A soup pot of Mr. Weasley — he kept adding things to it, and the soup was coming out; A pot of Della, who was very enthusiastic about trying to fry sausages — "this must be no problem! It'll come out its own oil!"Harry couldn't keep looking and went to help. "I'll fry sausages. I used to do this at my aunt's house. You can take care of the soup pot."Hermione didn't believe him, but he flipped the sausage skilfully, even fried the ham after that, then she was relieved. She turned to take care of the soup pot. During her absence, Mr. Weasley added a lot of things to the pot! She stirred it with a big spoon, and couldn't imagine what they would eat on the plate later.When everyone finally sat down for breakfast — the coffee was made by Della — Fred finally came back. He was light footed and red lipped, but he didn't seem to care."I just met Wood and I heard that he had signed for the Puddlemere United, and Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff." He winked at George, "he bought a lot of toffee."George immediately stood up and said excitedly, "Oh! He likes it, doesn't he? You are brilliant!"They secretly brought out a lot of Ton-Tongued Toffee from home. They wanted to hawk some at this time, to see the market reaction and earn some money on the other hand.They're running out of money, besides, were going to graduate. They need to save the money to open a shop before graduation — otherwise, they'll be forced by their mother to apply a job in the Ministry of Magic.Like the good Percy.The twins didn't have big complaint about their brother, instead, they just didn't like the way that their mother always made them learn from Percy. Percy was a fool.Fred blinked excitedly at Della when he saw her.Della was expressionless.George responded, pulling him aside and whispering, "didn't you say you go to look for Della? Come on, sit next to her and say something nice!"On the other side, Hermione whispered to Della, "it seems that he had forgotten. Isn't it good? Just smile to him."After a while of self-persuasion, Della raised her head with a sweet smile.Fred quickly sat next to her and picked up the plate: "Honey, I'm starving."Fred's eldest brother, Bill Weasley, smiled and brought a plate with four black and burnt eggs that should go into the dustbin: "Here, this is what Della made for you."Fred took it at once and put a piece of black in his mouth.Della jumped up and snatched the plate.All Weasley guffawed, including Mr. Weasley and George.Fred found himself being teased, but the twins had been bullied by their brother Bill, Charlie and Percy before they were as tall as the table.Though Percy insisted that he was just disciplining them.After breakfast, people in the camp began to visit each other, and Fred's mouth was watched by more people.Della suspected that all the Hogwarts students who had come to see the match came to their tent to see the evidence of their another break-up.Fred quickly got used to his new image, for this reason, he sold a lot of Ton-Tongued Toffee and a kind of fake wand that made people jumped up in fright.Even Mr. Weasley was surprised where they hid these things and how they brought them out of the house. Since Mrs. Weasley cleaned the room for children every day.Of course, such a "boyfriend" can't go out for a walk with Della. This camp gathered all the wizards around the world, Hermione and Harry, everyone couldn't wait to go for a walk.Della left her boyfriend behind and went with Hermione. She told Hermione that if it's not because they had broken up too many times, she would have dumped him again this time."But if I say goodbye again…" She shook her hands."You still can't separate." Hermione said."Yes. Then it will be like a joke." Della was angry. She did feel not good, but she had no way to solve the problem.Hermione said to her, "well, you've broken up so many times — all of which were you put forward — what do you think is the reason you broke up? What makes you unbearable?"Della thought, "in my opinion, it's easy for him to ignore me and forget me." Even though she's trying not to focus on Fred now, but… They were in love. They should miss each other."I suppose, for example, if you think about him for eight hours a day, while he thinks about you only for four hours." Hermione said."I don't think there's even four hours." Della muttered.Hermione took a look at her.Della changed her tune, "well, there is four hours."Hermione: "Do you think he loves you?" Della thought and nodded affirmatively, "Yes."She was sure of it.Hermione took her arm and said, "well, I suppose, I mean…" She looked around and whispered, "you can love him not so much."Della didn't understand.Hermione gestured, "love less, love a bit less."Della: "love less…?" Shouldn't we love with all?Hermione took a look at Harry and Ron in front of her and turned to Della, "you love him with all your might, but he doesn't. You put him first in life, but he doesn't. This kind of inequality is the reason why you are dissatisfied and break up again and again."Della nodded in silence."But, from my point of view, love itself is fair," Hermione said. "In love, there must be someone who is giving, is sacrificing. There is no entirely fair love exist." She said to Della, "you need to think about it. If you love him and won't leave him, you can only accept it. You can only adjust yourself, instead asking him to change for you."Della's heart sank as never before.Her intuition told her that Hermione was right. Her love for Fred was complicated, with… the sense of happiness that the dream finally came true, but what about Fred? He wouldn't have this feeling about her. They were five years between them — from her first reading of Harry Potter.In these five years, she had gone through Fred's life. But he knew nothing about her.Therefore, these five years, in fact, was also the distance of a life.She loved him with two lives of love, however, he could only give her one life of love.It's unequal.Della looked at Hermione complicatedly: "well, you are a genius."She didn't know anything, but said it all.Hermione was a little confused, "emm, thank you."Della walked with a kick and looked upset.Hermione asked her: "What are you going to do?" She had a premonition that she might have opened the Pandora's box.Della: "…I think, I should do more." She took a deep breath and looked up to the sky.She had to remember more about the book and try to save more people.Her eyes looked aimlessly in the crowd. Suddenly, she saw Cho Chang of Ravenclaw.…She remembered that she was Harry's puppy love.Since there's an ambiguity between Hermione and Harry, she hadn't pointed out this all the time — if she told Hermione that Harry was secretly in love with Cho Chang, it's too strange.Maybe she should ask Harry first?

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 24. Beautiful love When it was going to be sunset, a growing number of people were in the camp, Della and her friends had enough time on wandering around. They went back to the tent and waited for the entrance.Fred, who had been absent all day as a boyfriend, wanted to make up for his girlfriend with guilt, but he stood by Della for a long time, she didn't even take a look at him, instead, seemed to be thinking about something."Honey, what did you buy? Oh, that's a nice hat." He touched Della's shamrock hat on her head."Leave me alone, I'm almost here!" Della impatiently clapped his hand, walked to Hermione and continued straining her memory.Fred really thought he was wrong. He followed and kept talking to Della, while was worried about disturbing her meditation, so he kept in a low voice.Hermione was talking to Harry while suddenly saw a big boy beside her. She was frightened: "Oh, you don't have a sound."Fred showed his pleaded face and pointed to Della.Hermione shook her head. "I can't help you."But she walked away and leave the couple alone.Of course Fred knew he had made a mistake.To show his determination, he would only think about his girlfriend in the rest of the time. He gave the fake wands and toffee to Della, Hermione, Dick, Harry, Hans, Hannah and Ginny.Ron waited a fake wand from Fred. But when Fred passed by, he said it had finished.Ron was mad. "You're my brother! You can't do that to me!"Fred: "Ok, ok. Here you are." He took another one out of his pocket and handed it to Ron.Ron took it and had a match with Harry, as they tried to cast spells, the wands changed together, one became a chicken, one became a frog.Della's also turned into a frog. She gave a laugh when she suddenly had a green, slippery frog in her hand."Is it fun?" Fred slipped back and stood beside her. "I don't have anything now. I promise you'll see me bored for the rest of the time."Della pretended not to hear, while the corners of her mouth had been hooked up.Suddenly there were many lights in the camp. Mr. Weasley said to them, "hurry up! Let's follow the light! It's time for the entrance!"They went out.In the camp, all the people in the tent came out. They wore the dancing shamrock hats, or painted Bulgarian or Irish magic oil on their bodies and faces. They went to the stadium along the direction of the lights with friends and family.The stadium was a huge tent, which nearly covered the sky.Mr. Weasley said proudly, "they have been busy for months! We need to sign a lot of treaties and negotiate with the Muggle government. You know, there is a kind of thing called "Airbird" in Muggle that can fly in the sky. We need to avoid those flying birds." He gestured, "make sure them not to fly this way, or they would see some rain clouds or birds and so on."Hermione was very interested. She immediately asked, "is there any connection between the Ministry of Magic and the Muggle government?"Mr. Weasley shrugged: "Oh, that must be. We have contact with every British Prime Minister."Hermione was too surprised to speak. Then she turned to Harry and Ron and said, "I thought there were connections! There are many coincidences in British history! The royal family must know the wizard! They must have a deep relation with the wizard world!"Harry nodded. "Yes, like King Arthur."The two had a heated discussion, including whether there was a wizard among the Vikings.Ron didn't understand why his two friends were so excited. He asked Harry, "I didn't know you read so many books."Harry shook his head. "I know it when I play games."Hermione jumped down Ron's throat: "You should know this even if you don't read!" She was always too sensitive to books.Ron retorted, "no, only you."Fred held Della, but his girlfriend was still lost in thought.He was afraid that she would be crowded by the surrounding, he protected her as he showed a little worried: "you are not going to break up with me, are you?" "No." Della reacted, made him bow and kissed him on the cheek.Fred's heart, which had been hung for a long time, immediately fell back, and became warm, soft and re-fleshing."Then what are you thinking?" He asked with concern."I was …" Della had just seen Cedric and Cho not far away from them, "do you think they are a couple?" Fred: "Sorry?" He followed his girlfriend's eye sight and saw the man of "tall, blond, handsome, prefect, captain of the Quidditch team".This immediately made his face like a puddle of cow dung under his nose."I don't care about that." Fred said sweetly, hoping to draw his girlfriend's attention back from the fair-face: "When you are in front of me, there will be no other woman in my eyes. How about you?" It took Della half a beat to realize his jealousy.She felt she need to explain."I'm not interested in Cedric, and..." She saw Hermione and Harry had just settled their sights to the couple, she loudly continued, "what a wonderful couple he and Cho are!"Harry turned back and after a while asked Hermione quietly, "did she… speak to me? What does it mean?"Hermione: "…I don't know?" She looked at him suspiciously.On the other hand, Fred's brain always moved fast as long as it's not about Della: "Wait, I thought Harry was in love with Hermione. Did he steal the girlfriend of Cedric?" His eyes brightened, "well done!""No!" Della stepped heavily on him, lest he run to congratulate Harry for his contribution to Gryffindor — he really wanted to go just now. As a girlfriend, how well she knew his every move!Fred gave a soft Oh with his feet in his arms and looked at Della aggrieved, "honey, be gentle to me."Dick saw it in front and came back to Fred purposely, sighed: "look, she's so violent. I think you should reconsider..."Della: "Baldy."Dick: "…See you!" He disappeared in a blink.Della turned to Fred, a little embarrassed, "I'm sorry, I can't control myself sometimes."Fred's heart was clamped down, he quickly promised, "honey, I love your violence!"Bill heard it in front of him and asked George, "I didn't I know Fred had changed so much?"George: "He changed much in the presence of Della."They entered the court, met one or two potatoes, and then saw Sirius Black coming with the Minister of Magic.He was well dressed, though still in a little thin and pale, the nobles were all in his style.He had a good conversation with the Minister of Magic, and then sat down next to Harry.The Weasleys were amazed at how he had changed from a prisoner to a friend of the minister.He winked and grimaced at Harry and Hermione. "I told the minister that I was very concerned about the lives of the employees in the Department — I donated a sum of money to improve their lives. The minister is glad I am so generous."Harry was a little worried. "Does it matter to you?" Ever since he saw what Black's old house looked like, he had been worried that his godfather would be poor — he looked so poor.Hermione was also less in favour of this approach, but she said fairly: "It's really good for improving your social status. The minister's goodwill will help a lot."Black said friendly to Hermione, "of course, you are absolutely right, my lady."Della had been staring at him since Black appeared. He looked totally different from a month ago. Although still looked sick, he was in a good spirit and very happy when sitting beside Harry."He seems to be recovering well." She said.Fred seemed blind again: "Sorry? Who are you talking about? I didn't see a single one."Della rolled her eyes. "You really like being jealous and it's over nothing, I mean, I'm not interested in those people at all. You can worry about it until I really start to get tired of you or being unfaithful."Fred was totally lit up: "You mean you're going to get tired of me? Will you?"Della had wanted to end up this topic: "If you continue to leave me alone, I think it will be soon. Now, be quiet and the game begins!"The game began.Della was not very interested in the competition because she couldn't even recognize anyone in the stadium. And the players flew too fast, she could only occasionally pay attention to the score, to know who was in the upper hand.But the mascots of both teams before the game were eye opening. She saw Veela — To her surprised, Fred and George were not affected, neither did Harry. Ron seemed to fancy climbing to the railing and jump down to the court, however, Bill and Charlie looked good."What's the matter?" Della caught Dick. He seemed to want to fill his mouth with toffee.She stopped him. She thought it was the most loving day for her to her brother."Oh, Veela is attractive, but it doesn't work very well for strong willed people," Fred said and winked at her, "and the one who has love in his heart will not be affected, too."Della pretended not knowing, "oh, that means you have a strong will?"Fred insisted that he should finish his nice word, he had it out of line today. "Honey, of course, because I love you."There were titters from his brothers, George, Bill, Charlie and Percy.Della was going red, she kept to pretend not hearing, gently pressed Dick on the seat and took away all his toffee, spoke to him when Dick wanted to shout:"Baldy."Dick puffed up his mouth and endured not spitting.He looked again at Fred, who was looking at Della with obsessed eyes.Seriously, he didn't like Fred. And it was hard for him to understand why Fred would fall in love with Della.Maybe love was like this?He shivered, determined never to fall in love with any woman.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 25. The unreliable memoryWhen Bulgarian seeker Krum caught the snitch, the whole stadium stood up and cheered.Della jumped and screamed, trying to applaud to the great player — she didn't understand the first half.But later she did under Fred's explanation, which made her irrepressibly become Krum's fan."He is so great! So excellent!" She hugged Fred excitedly, gave him a big kiss on the face, then turned her head to hug Dick on the other side, then to Hermione and them.Hermione patted her in a sort of fright: "Calm down, calm down. Take a deep breath." However, Della could only repeat one sentence: "He is so great!"In the middle of the game, there were several essential players injured in Krum's Bulgarian team and had to leave the field. When Krum caught the snitch, Bulgaria was already lost even plus this 150 points.Instead of trying to extend the game, he caught the snitch and ended it — to avoid more injuries.Seriously, when another player in Bulgaria fell off the broomstick, and the mascot of the two teams, Veela and Leprechaun started to fight, she really thought that her first visit to the World Cup would meet a big scuffle rarely seen in a hundred years.At that time, everyone seemed to throw away their broomsticks, take out their wands and fight fiercely.Krum seemed to have sacrificed Bulgaria's victory, but he kept the World Cup. Bulgaria was proud of its defeat.She couldn't restrain herself from the end of the competition until she came back to the camp, because she didn't buy a magic figure of Krum, and she went out to find the saleswizard to buy it as a memorial.Fred recited "I'm the best boyfriend" a hundred times in his heart, and accompanied Della to buy Krum's poster, figure, wallet with his twisted fat face and so on.He said to George, "I think I can sit at a table with Slytherin."George said worriedly, "don't be nervous, bro. Della is just fascinated by the Bulgarian Black Bear for a while — she will soon wake up!" He said nervously, patting Fred's frog like chest, "calm down, bro — you won't run to the Bulgarian camp in the middle of the night, right? You won't, will you?"The party last until midnight, after which everyone fell asleep.Della put Krum's collectible figure beside her pillow. The figure was really like Krum himself when it walked with duck-footed.She suddenly came up with an idea, so she held it to find Fred.She put the figure in front of Fred: "Look at it."George looked at his brother worried.Fred took a deep breath in three times, and finally covered his eyes: "Honey, I love you, but I have to tell you — in fact, I support the Irish!"Della: "But Irish won!" It was Krum's Bulgarian team that lost.—But he said he supported Bulgaria before the game began.Fred said difficultly in his contorted face, "yes. But I still can't resist twisting him into a few pieces if i see him." He moved his fingers, with his eyes glowing cruelly.Della quickly took the figure aside. "I just want you to see it! You see, this figure looks like Krum, is it? I think it's a kind of spell, which could be very complicated. It's really like him!" She smiled sweetly."Fred will really become a fan of the Irish team," George whispered to Bill, "god knows, he has always liked Bulgaria."Bill choked back laughs and signalled Charlie to watch.They all saw Fred suppressed his anger in front of his girlfriend.It's lovely.Fred took a deep breath, and began to think about pretending to be a fan to write a letter to Krum — then attaching a curse to it."You see, If you can make a figure like this — I can take you with me!" said Della.It's like a magic.Fred felt that all the anger that had just made him explode was gone."All people would like such figures. A personalize partner, always with you." She held the figure in her hand and said, "do you like the idea?" Fred looked at her sweetly. "I like it. I like all your ideas. Especially when you think of me as Santa."The Weasleys, who had been watching on the other side, were astonished.Bill: "Oh, they made up! No quarrel!"Charlie: "It stopped. Fred didn't want to. He was restraining himself." But thereafter, for some reason, he didn't get angry anymore. The girl unconsciously calmed his anger and seemed to make him love her even more. Now they are watching Fred's jealous figure together!George was used to it. "It's always like that. I've long felt that they're made for each other."Finally, Fred borrowed Della's figure — he promised to give it back to her in perfect condition, guaranteed!———————————————In the middle of the night, they were suddenly woken up.There were still riots outside the camp, in the middle of the night.She was woken up by Hermione, they dressed in a hurry, took their wands and rushed out of the tent.Della caught Dick in case the little boy ran about. She saw Hans take Hannah.When they rushed out of the tent, they were dispersed by the crowd. She didn't see Hermione. Fred followed her closely. George and Fred were together, he asked, "Ginny! I didn't see Ginny! And Ron!"George shouted, "Charlie is with Ginny! Ron and Harry are together!""And Hermione!" cried Della.George: "They are together! This way!"Fred carried Dick under his arm, so he could run faster. Della was afraid of Dick's meddling, so she aimed a threat to him in the moment Fred took him up: "If you dare to make trouble now, I will make you grow nothing in your life! You wouldn't dare even pee in the public restroom in the future!"—She swore to Professor McGonagall that she would be a gentler sister after today.Fred: "..."George looked at him sympathetically.Dick was as good as ever: "I promise I'm a good boy." He also said to Fred, "I'm very good."Fred nodded complicatedly to him, "we are all good."They fled to the woods, which looked safer."Is it Bulgarian?" Della asked after stopping, "I knew they were going to fight!"Lost the game and so many players injured, they must be angry and want to let it out.Fred shook his head. "No. Dad said it wasn't Bulgarian."He exchanged a look with George.They were hiding in the woods. There were many people passing by in a hurry, most of them were adults with children.They were all half grown children, some adults seem to want to take them, but they all walked away in the end — as if there was something made them afraid to release their love and kindness.At this moment, Della saw a strange thing.A floating man."Hide!" Fred pushed Dick to George, pushed Della behind the tree and hid her.He gently covered her mouth and whispered in her ear, "shh."—She did remember!She took Fred and George and squatted down."Let's wait. They'll all leave as soon as we wait." She said in a very low voice.Everyone nodded.They were all looking forward to these people leaving.Della looked up at the sky. She remembered that something appeared in the sky, and these people disappeared.But she waited until the coming of Aurors of the Ministry of Magic and caught the drunk fools floating in the air — some of them ran away — nothing appeared in the sky.She was not very confident with the detail from a certain book read ten years ago.Did she get it wrong?She kept looking up and asked everyone, "did you see anything in the sky?"Fred looked up at the sky: "No. No one left on a broomstick."As Della looked up the sky, Dick also did the same thing with his thin neck: "Nothing!" His neck was so sore.Then they met.Hermione: "The sky? No, I didn't pay attention. What happened? Has anyone run on a broomstick?"Did she really get it wrong?She also remembered a detail!"Did you lose your wand?" Della turned to Harry. Harry took it out of his pocket, "no," He paused and said, "but it seems that the prank wand Fred gave me has fallen somewhere."Fred waved nonchalantly. "Leave it. I can give you another one later."Seeing Della was a little depressed, he asked with concern, "honey, are you tired?" Della shook her head. "I'm just thinking... that I'm a little stupid."Why didn't she recall it clearly? Fred couldn't figure out why she said that all of a sudden, but it didn't stop him from comforting her: "Honey, I love you no matter how stupid you are!""I love you too!" Della was more determined and moved.She must try to recall it more!

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 26. The shy coupleIn the consequence, the whole time before the end of summer vacation was occupied by the Quidditch World Cup.Della wrote no less than a hundred letters, corresponded with everyone she knew — for her witnessed the whole thing.She could even talk about it till next Christmas!Until they got on the Hogwarts Express, everyone was still talking about it on the train."Yes, yes! It's terrible!" Della took a sip of coke, which she asked Hermione to buy for her. This Muggle drink was very popular at home.Hermione sat next to her and read the Daily Prophet, hearing this, she turned her eyes. "I don't understand. Why can someone say a thing a hundred times?"Della pointed to the article in the newspaper in her hand and said: "It has been written more than 100 times in the newspaper. They are not bored, and you are still reading it."Everyone in the carriage laughed.Hermione put down the newspaper and said in disappointment, "they would not publish the names of those who were arrested that night."Angelina: "Yes, the Ministry of Magic has been hiding this."Della: "Fred said his father told him that people were arguing about it in Department."Katie said quickly, "Tell us! Della!"Della was at the focal spot of the crowd. She waved her hand lightly: "Oh, in fact, he asked me to shield anyone from this. You must keep it secret…" Then a group of little girls immediately buried their heads together and shared a "secret".When Della finished, she raised her head to find the disappeared of Hermione.She came to the corridor and saw her buying the lunch, pumpkin cake. The cake was surprisingly delicious.Della went over at once, "and I'd like one … No, three."She saw that Hermione also bought three.She went to Fred, who was in a carriage with George, Lee Jordan and a few other boys.She saw Neville Longbottom and McMillan of Hufflefuff, a big, arrogant guy.She knocked on the door and asked Fred to come out. "I guess you'll forget to buy lunch." She handed over two pumpkin cakes.Fred kissed her across the air: "Thank you, honey. I'm really hungry."She took a look in the carriage. The boys were all holding some toffee and fake wands."How's the business?" She asked."We'll make a lot of money!" said Fred excitedly.Della nodded. "I hope you can make up for your loss in gambling."Fred was immediately depressed, like a poor big dog.On the day of the game, when she and Hermione went shopping, Fred and George took part in gambling under the leadership of "a respected man".Fortunately, Fred and George won the bet;Unfortunately, the respected man swallowed their bets and the money they won.Most exasperating of all, Fred and George not only invested all their pocket money, but also added all the money they made that day.They could have made a lot of money. Fred was so excited till now for "we can make money in one time!"While Della snapped back with "But what about the money?", then Fred would be upset quickly.He still couldn't believe it. It should be said that he thought it's incredible up to now: "that gentleman I mean, he shouldn't intentionally welsh our money. I mean, he doesn't have to...""Aren't you going to tell me the name of that respectable gentleman who took two minors gambling?" asked Della.Fred looked around. They were in the corridor, there was no one around. Moreover, he insisted that it was just a misunderstanding. But now it seemed that it wasn't, so he didn't have to shield his name in order to protect the reputation of that gentleman."Well, I'll tell you. It's Mr. Bagman, Ludo Bagman." Fred said in a very low voice.Della …thought the name was familiar… She should have seen it recently somewhere… Then she thought of the Daily Prophet of Hermione's reading."The Sports Minister?!" She screamed.The Minister of Sports! Such a big official… Would he welsh on money?She began to think it was a misunderstanding. Besides, Mr. Weasley worked in the Ministry of Magic, they are colleagues. Was Mr. Bagman going to rat on the debt from his colleague's kids on purpose?"Is it wrong?" She asked sincerely.Fred chewed the bread savagely: "We wrote him many letters. George and I, we contacted him in various ways… He just avoided meeting! Unless we can get him face to face, we can't do anything with him!"Della: "How much money?"Fred: "About two thousand six hundred galleons.""…" Della: "Shall I write for you?"They talked in the corridor until the people in the carriage noticed them.George shouted first: "Lunch! Mine!"Della found out that Fred was finishing off the piece she had bought for George.Fred looked at the last mouthful in his hand and thrust it all into his mouth: "Done, bro. You can have sandwiches." Their mother, Mrs. Weasley, prepared lunch for them, canned corned beef sandwich. According to Fred, he had eaten this since he was a child for more than ten years. He said in the future, canned corned beef and canned bean soup would not be allowed on his family table.Della: "I don't like beans either. Don't worry."George rushed out: "I didn't see the cart coming!" He ran over as he looked at the end of the corridor: "I hope the bread has not sold out!"All the boys in the carriage rushed by.But pumpkin cake was the best seller, they can't buy it until now.Sure enough, the boys could only come back disappointed.Fred was still talking to Della in the corridor. He beckoned to George, "bro, I'll give you my sandwich, all of it."In the evening, people who missed lunch couldn't wait to have dinner. They didn't even want to listen to the sorting."Last year, Dick was just as young as them," Della sighed. "Time flies. Next year Hannah will come, too."Hermione: "I suppose Hannah is a Hufflepuff."Della nodded. "That's what my family think."The Bush family had four children, two Hufflepuffs and two Gryffindors."Very balance." She said.Hermione: "The children of you and Fred must be Gryffindor in the future."Della blushed a little. She snapped back, "you and Harry's must be Gryffindor, too." She looked at Hermione. "Maybe another Ravenclaw?"Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who was sitting around them, came right in! Their eyes hit Hermione's face like searchlights, which made her uncomfortable."What's up?" Asked Hermione calmly."Are you really with Harry?" Lavender asked."Are you really a couple?" Asked Parvati excitedly.Della was lying prone on the table.—She really just said it by accident.Hope Hermione would not blame her!Hermione said coldly, "I can't see there is anything to do with you."But her coldness didn't stop the girls from being curious about it. The buzz soon spread from one end of Gryffindor's long table to the other.Even she heard Lavender cross several people asking Harry, "Harry! Harry! Are you and Hermione real?"Harry was looking at the sorting, he looked back blankly: "Sorry?" Lavender's entire upper body was on the table, and it seemed that she would climb over and ask Harry, "I mean, you and Hermione Granger are together, aren't you?"Harry's face turned red. He gave Hermione a quick glance.Ron laughed: "Excuse me? Are you kidding?" He prodded Harry. "Hey, you…" He noticed Harry's look, saw Harry and Hermione looking at each other across several people, their eyes… their expressions…Ron was not happy: "Is it true? Why don't I know?" Ginny sat opposite him and said rudely, "you're like a blind. You don't know anything."Harry cleared his throat and held on to his glasses — though it was not awry at all.After exchanging a shy smile with Hermione, he nodded softly to the expectant eyes of Lavender.With a sigh of regret or pity or something, Lavender sat back — for Professor McGonagall had seen here many times.Hermione's face was red from this moment until they left the table and went back to the girls' dormitory.Della whispered "I'm sorry" to Hermione many times.Hermione shook her head. "Nothing. Sooner or later they will find out."Back to the common room, Della heard people still talking about it.Lavender and other girls were analyzing with every detail when Hermione and Harry were together."I've seen that for a long time," said Lavender, "they haven't sat together since last year, and they had been sitting together before! It must have started from last year!"This strong evidence was adopted as soon as it was presented.Hermione and Della were sitting on the sofa not far from them.Hermione kept pretending to hear nothing, but she couldn't help wondering, "why?" why she didn't sit with Harry meant they were in love?Della whispered, "shy…"Some people were shy.Hermione's face grew redder.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 27. The new professorThe next day, at the breakfast table, Della finally had time to look at her new schedule — she just chatted last night.The school would be much lively this year. Last night, Headmaster Dumbledore announced that there would be a Triwizard Tournament in Hogwarts this year.Hermione was reading with a book about the history of the Triwizard Tournament this morning — when did she go to the library to borrow it?"Very fierce?" Della stretched out her head and looked at the book on the picture, it was bloody. "Was he bitten off his head by the lizard?" She seemed to see a headless man?Hermione slammed the book. "A very, very brutal competition! In the past, every time there was a sacrifice! Sometimes even the audience was not spared! It has been closed for many years! I can't understand why the Ministry of Magic is going to hold such a backward, cruel and bloody tournament?""In order to strengthen international cooperation and exchanges?" Della recited what Hermione said last night.Hermione gave her a look.Della: "I think they'll have better defensive measures now, after all, it's not hundreds of years ago." She took a look at her new schedule. The course selection this year was the same as last year's. She was very satisfied with her achievements last year, so she didn't want to make any changes."Defense Against the Dark Arts," she said, "Professor Lupin did very good." That's a very talkative professor, and knowledgeable.Hermione: "It's not Professor Lupin — seriously, what did you hear yesterday when we had the sorting?""I didn't hear anything." Said Della not blushing at all, "they changed another one? But I remember Professor Lupin did a good job.""It's said that there's something wrong with his relation." Katie said and made a face, "the new professor… He's scary!"Della immediately looked up at the professor's table and asked, "what does he look like? I don't see any stranger."Katie also looked forward. After a circle, she shook her head and said, "maybe he didn't come for breakfast.""Is he really scary?" Della asked Hermione. "Maybe a little," Hermione replied.They wanted to continue the conversation, but Harry came over after breakfast, he stood behind them and called Hermione, "good morning, Della. Hermione, we're going to be late for the first class.""Oh, yes!" Hermione finished her porridge, picked up her schoolbag and hurried away.Half the people on the long table were looking at them."They're leaving together now," Della said to Katie.Katie nodded, "yep."They were watching, too, until Hermione and Harry, as well as Ron, came out of the dining room, they took their sights back.Their first class was Transfiguration, which was taught by Professor McGonagall of their house.She had been very serious in class.From her perspective, she was not like a Gryffindor she knew at all because she was too serious. But she was a pure Gryffindor, passionate, loyal, full of justice.The thought of that little lie she told last year made her afraid to look up at Professor McGonagall.She lowered her head to avoid Professor McGonagall's eyes contact.Professor McGonagall scanned the classroom and said, "the new term begins. This year, Hogwarts is going to hold the Triwizard Tournament, and you have a new professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts. So, I hope you all can stay in good behaviour, don't embarrass the school, don't make trouble to the professors. Not everyone is nice as well as I do." She said solemnly.Nice…All of Gryffindor, including the other half of Slytherin, were distorted on faces.God knew! Professor McGonagall had always been at the top of the list of tough professors at school! She and Professor Snape had been competing for the position of champion or runner-up.But Della felt that Professor McGonagall was actually reminding them.Why?After class, the grade five students who took the Defense Against the Dark Arts as the first class, told them why.Fred ran to her, with pale face, he reminded her, "listen, I remember you had a Defense Against the Dark Arts today, right?" Della had just cheeked her schedule at breakfast: "Yes, the next one."Fred: "Sit in the corner! Don't sit in front! Be careful in class! Don't let the professor notice you!"Della asked jokingly, "what's the matter? Did the professor set the cracker in the classroom?" "Even worse." Fred's face was angry, mixed with disgusted, as well as a little bit fear. "Be careful." He hugged her tightly, even sent her to the classroom, asked her to sit in the corner near the wall, the most inconspicuous position in the classroom."You're going to be late." Della reminded him."My next lesson is Herbology." Fred said carelessly, "I don't understand why... headmaster invited such a person to be a professor…"He ran to the Herbology class in a huff.The whole class were in discussion, the thing happened in the last Dark Arts spread throughout the class.Katie sat next to her and whispered, "they say the professor is ferocious."Della: "Ferocious?" Katie nodded. "Alia was deadly scared and cried." She looked back and said to Della in a low voice, "the professor attacked Flint in Slytherin with a magic spell."Della: "…Did you say 'attack'?" Katie nodded.The door of the classroom was suddenly knocked open. All the people in the classroom were frightened and sat down one after another.With the clattering of stick, a man with a missing leg limped in and stood on the platform.He had several deep scars on his face and a fake eye."Alastor Moody." He said hoarsely, his sharp eyes swept over the students in the classroom."I know there are traitors among you."Della: …Excuse me?"I know some of you have fallen to the Dark Lord and his Death Eaters."Della and Katie exchanged a confused look. Look around the classroom, everyone showed his confusion like this. They looked at others blankly, almost thought they had missed a whole class."I will look at you. Stare at your every move, every word you say behind, your little secret with your lover, your privacy, everything of you. I will know."Della's eyes widened.Professor Moody looked at her quickly, but just glanced at her."Be careful not to be caught by me. Otherwise, I will definitely send you to Azkaban."Della was convinced.He's a psycho.The psycho Professor Moody, raged the school in just one day.He said to everyone, he knew his secret. And he did speak out a few secrets of some students, and the people he named in class were too shamed to sit down.It scared everyone.Did he really know everything?!He would openly attack Slytherin in class, and was hostile to them. In just one day, he made four Slytherin into the hospital wing."I heard Professor Snape had a big fight with him," Fred said, "but this time, I'm in Professor Snape."On the Gryffindor's table, for the first time, there were so many students who sympathized with Slytherin. On the opposite dining table of Slytherin, there was a cloud of gloom reigning them. Several girls were crying. The new Slytherin students looked frightened.Fred shook his head. "Although I thought about killing Marcus Flint more than one time, but…" When he saw Marcus blast off by Professor Moody's magic spell with his own eyes, hit the wall and fell down, he was extremely scared.Even if he cursed Slytherin a hundred times, that's not mean he did want his classmates die.The changes brought about by the new professor were more and more serious. Because he started attacking Harry Potter.Della wasn't there, but what she knew was that besides Harry, Hermione was on the hospital wing.She hurried to run over, seeing Hermione hanging an arm and sitting on the bed, surrounded by Gryffindor, the hospital wing was full.Almost half of them covered their wrists, and she saw a bright red swelling on their wrists.She counted, at least twenty.The rest of them were all look strange, some of them were black and hairy, some of them had teeth on their chest, so they must be held by hands."What's the matter?" She squeezed in front of Hermione. "Where's Harry?" "Harry was taken by Professor McGonagall to see Headmaster Dumbledore," Hermione said. She was calm but angry. "This can't be done!"Della heard the whole story from Hermione.Professor Moody had always been only hectoring Slytherin. Although he was not polite to Gryffindor, he was not so hostile.But in class today, he suddenly asked Harry to come forward and demonstrate the spell.Harry was not Hermione. He couldn't learn a spell in the first time.Of course, he failed.But Professor Moody asked Harry to continue the demonstration, and he also began to attack Harry. If Harry's spell succeed, he would be fine. Otherwise, he would be hit by the spell.Of course, it's not reasonable.As soon as Hermione thought of standing up to protest, Professor Moody attacked Harry. Harry, of course, was defeated. Hermione fought back immediately — she learned the spell.But her movements were not as fast as Professor Moody's, so she was also hit. Her arm was broken and she couldn't stand up because of the pain.Seeing she was also knocked down, Harry and Ron stood up to attack Professor Moody. Meanwhile, Gryffindor and some Slytherin in the classroom raised their wands to aim at their professor.The incantations were flying in the classroom.Half of them were disarmed by Professor Moody, and the other half were hit by unknown spells.Then the headmaster and Professor McGonagall came together. They first sent all the students who had been injured, and then they took Harry and Professor Moody to the office to investigate the whole thing.Hermione: "We're going to get the professor out of here."It's hard to make Hermione speak out this word.Della nodded. "Of course!" The professors of Defense Against the Dark Arts always had problems!…However, she couldn't remember what's wrong with him.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 28. Princess and knightDella felt she should do something.After she came out of the hospital wing, she went directly to the headmaster's office. She tried to recall all the way she walked.But all the memories were intertwined — some of them she was not sure if it would happen in this year.Therefore, she was always worried about saying too much. She didn't want to be a "prophet".She just wanted to be an ordinary person.That's enough.Moreover, she was not sure whether her memory was all correct or not. Because at that time, she also saw a lot of fan fictions.So there were somethings that were a little weird in her impression — after all, there were authentic people in front of her.At present, she could only confirm that all the professors of Defense Against the Dark Arts had problems....Although the memory of that post didn't say so. It's not precisely how it put, but she got it in this way.She repeated in her mind how to say after seeing the headmaster. When the door in front of her opened, she was still in thinking."Della, come in." Headmaster Dumbledore didn't smile as usual, but still kind. He sat behind the desk, showing a little tired on his face, "did you just come from the hospital wing? How are they?"Della burst out, "they are angry. They don't want such a professor, neither do I."After she finished, she found Dumbledore in depressed, which made her feel guilty."Sit down." Dumbledore said, with a sigh: "I hope you will keep calm. We will be very busy this year."The headmaster looked tired.Della felt more guilty. Although it had nothing to do with her, she always felt sorry for the exhaustion of those adults, they used to be her parents, relations and friends, doctors and nurses who took care of her.She always felt it was her duty not to make trouble to everyone. It's not good to bring hard to others because of her.She always tried to do more, took care of herself and did something she can.She said quickly, "headmaster, I have something to tell you.""Go on." Dumbledore braced up and looked at Della."I think... I suppose the professors of Defense Against the Dark Arts always have problems." Della took a deep breath, "maybe it's just a little bit of my thinking too much, but it seems to me that they all have problems." She said emphatically.She didn't dare to look at headmaster, because it was totally groundless. She went on quickly, for fear of being interrupted and stopped, but Headmaster Dumbledore didn't stop her, he quietly heard the last word. Although it didn't seem to believe her very much, he at least finished listening.She began to list."From the first grade, I mean Harry's first grade. The first one was Professor Quirrell, who had been possessed by the Dark Lord; the second was Professor Lockhart. I heard from Fred that he was a complete liar. Now he is in St. Mungo and will live there for a lifetime. The third year, Professor Lupin, I would like to say I like him very much." Della repeated this point, so as not to be misunderstood that she meant to speak ill of Professor Lupin. "But he has a deep relationship with Harry. Then there is Professor Moody, who is also very, very attentive to Harry." She said. "I don't know who will be next year, maybe we'll have a new professor, and he'll also have a deep connection with Harry the people around him."Dumbledore clasped his hands, supported his chin, and looked at the ceiling, the horoscope in which was slowly changing along with the sky.Della's words brought him a new thinking."Thank you very much, Della." Dumbledore stood up, so as to Della, she knew it was time to leave. She didn't know how much use she had said, but it was the most real content that she sorted out after recalling, from her totally unreliable memory, after removing all the unreasonable or inappropriate content.She hoped it worked.Della left.When the door closed, through a small door on the other side, Alastor Moody came out.Dumbledore ignored him.Moody: "This girl is very nice and sharp. She is suitable to be an Auror. I know one...""Alastor," Dumbledore interrupted, "do you remember what you promised me?" Without waiting for Moody's answer, he said, "calm down, restrain. But I guess you've forgotten."Moody was silent, but then he said, "Potter needs training..." Before he had finished speaking, Dumbledore interrupted him with a thump on the table."Harry has me." Dumbledore said categorically with full of pressure in his eyes, he looked at Moody until he lowered his head and avoided his eye sight."I told you that I need you to keep an eye on the people around him and pay attention to the unusual movement." He said, "we agreed, didn't we?" He pressed.Under such pressure, Moody couldn't help touching his wand in his sleeves, but he controlled himself.Because the end of his eyes swept to Dumbledore, with his wand in hand. This old dog, old man, old friend...He didn't want to taste the power of his wand.Even the Dark Lord was afraid of him.Moody had never doubted the power of Dumbledore, even through he looked over a hundred years old."Yes." Moody said, "I'm sorry. I apologize." He added.Just now, under the attack of Professor McGonagall and Snape, he didn't say a word of apology.But he knew he couldn't fool Dumbledore.Dumbledor: "we have a lot to do this year. The Ministry of Magic can't be trusted anymore. You know what happened at the Quidditch World Cup, and the minister insisted on holding the Triwizard Tournament at Hogwarts. I'm sure he was inspired behind his back to make this decision."Moody poured scorn on Fudge: "that guy..."Dumbledore nodded and said, "Fudge is a fool, everyone knows. So everyone wants to exploit him, and they always succeed.""You're my old friend, I trust you very much. Even if everyone doesn't trust you, I still do." Dumbledore said, "I leave you to protect Harry. With your experience, your eyes, help me, in the coming year."Moody gradually calmed down in his words. Yes, that's what he's here for."I did wrong." He said sincerely.Dumbledore nodded. "I hope you really realize what's important. No more trouble with Slytherin. Don't let me hear any more complaints from students or professors. Can you? Can i trust you again?" He stood up and faced Moody: "If you can't, please tell me now."Moody replied firmly, "of course I can! I can't leave now! You can't drive me away!"Dumbledore came out from behind the table and grabbed Moody's hand. "Old friend, don't let me down!"Moody nodded solemnly.Before he left, he suddenly remembered the Gryffindor who had just run in."That girl, I remember... she's a Bush. She is much acuter than her father." Moody said, "the one she said was very interesting. Do you believe her?"Dumbledore nodded: "This is one aspect I didn't think about. Since Harry entered school, the professors of Defense Against the Dark Arts have always had too much connection with him, whether it's direct or indirect. From this point of view, I really need to be more careful in choosing professors for the next three years."He looked at Moody.Moody was a little offended, he said, "do you think I'm going to leak your secret?" Dumbledore nodded his head regrettably, before he left, he exhorted him: "Don't go to her."Moody hesitated for a moment. "I think she has a sharp instinct, maybe can be a good Auror."Dumbledore looked at him silently.Moody shrugged in disappointed. "Ok, I'll follow your word."Hermione stayed in hospital wing for two days. She was hurt by a magic spell. In order to avoid any accident, even if she was cured, she could only keep examination for a time.Harry wasn't hurt at all. He said he fainted for a while when he was hit, but wasn't hurt.The other students were soon cured and discharged. After they recovered, there was more discussion about the accident in the school. The hostility to Professor Moody was getting deeper.Fred was confident in the Skiving Snackbox."With a few more professors like Moody, we'll have plenty to sell." He said to Della.Della shook her head. "Don't. People like him might be more dangerous if they find someone using that candy."George sat by, each with a bowl of mummified Doxy in their hands, which they had caught and made themselves. It's said that this was a very important ingredient in their invention.Della was going to ask where it was put and never touch it.George said, "I would say, he's a lot much better now."Professor Moody was really much better this week. Of course, he's still "violent" in class. However, he no longer demonstrated the magic spells to students. Instead, he used the magic puppet used by Auror practice. It would dodge, and every time it was demonstrated on the incantations, it would scream, bleed, vomit and beg for mercy.It took a lot of nerve to go to his class.Della couldn't stand it anymore. Every time she went to class, she would stare at the clothes of her classmates in the front row. She avoided her sight to the platform, and she also took earplugs, for keeping the scream from the puppet.Even if she knew it's a dummy, she couldn't stand it.However, his "violence" attracted some people.Besides the students who were attracted by his violence, there were others.Like Hermione. She was extremely disgusted with Professor Moody. But she was so smart that she learned every spell Moody taught, no matter how evil.Even if she felt sick, she could cast the spell completely and correctly, and she could write perfect homework.Another disciple of Professor Moody was unexpected.It's Neville.Neville had never been so enthusiastic about learning. While he was kind of... stupid, so he spent more energy to study.Hermione gave him guidance from time to time."Everyone has his own story." She commented to Della. It seemed very emotional.She wanted Harry to learn, too. After all, the future he had to face was much cruel than anyone else.Harry was convinced and learned the incantations from her.Della, was learning, too.The first time she successfully used the Blasting Curse to blow an apple into apple puree, she was shocked, almost fell off her wand.Fred said, "honey, you don't have to learn this. You have me, I will protect you as a knight protects a princess."Della: "Knight, the princess can also take the sword and go to battle with knight."To protect her knight.

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 29. Girlfriend and businessHarry found that the girls became very strange. They move in packs, whispered to each other with anything didn't know, then giggled.He asked Hermione to visit Hogsmeade on the weekend.Hermione replied regretfully, "but I have an appointment with Della. I'm sorry.""Oh." Harry was a little disappointed, but he didn't show. He said, "all right. I can go with Ron." He couldn't help saying, "maybe we can meet there? When you're done with Della, shall we meet at Three Broomsticks? Let's have a buttery beer."Hermione was bright, with a little blushed, she tucked her hair behind her ears. "Ok."Fred also wanted to ask his girlfriend to Hogsmeade."I have an appointment with Hermione." Said Della.Fred pursed his mouth and gave a puff like a little boy."Don't be silly. We're going shopping." She wrote her homework without looking up.Fred bended over the table: "For what? May I come with you?"Della felt a little strange. She looked up and asked, "have you finished your experiments?" Why are you so idle?Fred waved his hand with pride. "That's a piece of cake."Della asked him curiously, "so you finished, did you?"Fred shook his head and refused to leak it now, "it required a final confirmation. George and I are taking turns, but the samples are still too less… What do you think if I put it in our house?" Potions and charms had individual differences, if their products intended to show the same, stable change, they required more experiments."What's it? Maybe I can." Della said, adding, "as long as it's not the type of Ton-Tongue Toffee."Fred asked curiously, "what kind of do you perceive the toffee?"Della: "Disgusting."Fred nodded: "Then it's not. It's cute."Della was interested after his words.But in the end, she didn't promise to hang out with Fred."Next time, we're going to buy a lot of things." She said.Fred: "what the hell is it?"Della kept the secret firmly.When the day to Hogsmeade, she gathered with Hermione, Katie, Angelina and Cho Chang in the hall and went to Hogsmeade together.On the way, it could be seen that the girls walking together in such a large group.Della saw Romilda and Lavender as well as the Patil sisters.Cho Chang was a student of Ravenclaw, in the fifth grade with Della and Katie.She was gentle and cute. "What do you want to buy?"Della stroked her hair: "Pomade. I have ever tried Hermione's. That one is great, it can save my hair. I can't imagine having that messy hair in front of the girls in Beauxbatons.Beauxbatons, the wizard school in France.Although Della had never left the British Isles in her life, she did hear about what French women were like.In a word, they were very beautiful. They seem to be naturally dressed, full of feminine charm, fashionable and enviable.The whole Hogwarts girls didn't want to be fell behind. It's terrible. If they could not be as beauty as those French girls in their own school, they would have a very dark time in the next few years.Hermione initially scoffed at the idea. She looked at Della as if she had been a Spanish Newt.Della dragged her over. "Trust me, you need this."Hermione: "No, no." She glanced at Della and became less determined, but denied: "I don't need it. At least not so much."Della: "Oh, come on! Look. Fred's head over heels for me. I'm better at boys than you are, so you have to listen to me. Even if you are confident that Harry loves your own, you also need be the most beautiful girl he has ever met."Hermione laughed, the most beautiful? She just wanted to be the most knowledgeable one.But after a whole night's thinking, she decided to join them.It's just a waste of an afternoon. It's acceptable.Katie said she wanted something that would make her moles disappear. After puberty, there came out a lot of freckles and moles."There must be a way." Della said. Her impression of magic was that it was omnipotent. "You can ask the saller."Angelina didn't plan for anything. This year there would be the Triwizard Tournament in school instead of Quidditch match."I don't have training, so I have to go with you.""You can buy something useful by the way." said Della.Students swarmed into Hogsmeade, and every shop was packed with people.Della and her friends decided to go to Cinderella first, which had a lot of cosmetics.Of course, there could only be more people inside. There were too many products, which narrowed the aisles. People could only walk slowly on their side, even did so, there still people bumped things off.Then Della heard a voice from Fred. "Fred?" She muttered, and looked around on tiptoe.Hermione pulled her in case she hit a magic nail polish, "it can make your lover head over heels.""Fred? He's not here." She said."But I heard his voice." Della lost interest in the room full of perfume, lipstick, blush, and began to concentrate on finding her boyfriend.Hermione had to follow her. The others had been lost as soon as they entered the store. They all went the interesting stuffs."Seriously, you might as well come with him." She complained, hurried across a Mini Perfume suit behind Della."I don't want him to know… you know." Della made a face. How could she let Fred know that she would be so petty?Hermione: "I know. You just want him to see you at your best." She scoffed.While Della didn't hear it, because she saw Fred!He and George were standing in front of a wall of magic lipsticks, secretly opened and smelled them.Hermione held her: "he seems to be choosing a gift for you! Let's move."She dragged Della away.After leaving, she said, "it was a surprise. You should not destroy it.""All right." Della was a little disappointed, but much happy. "I thought he didn't like lipstick." Last time she put on lipstick, which made his mouth teased in the last few days of summer vacation, even Ron could mock him, saying that his mouth was like eating too much Mexican pepper.Fred then put chili sauce in Ron's strawberry juice.Fred put back the lipstick: "they put it well." George nodded: "it's a bit crowded. There's always someone bumping into something.""But people walk slow, since they have to slow down so that they can stay longer and see more products." Said Fred.They began to walk around to the other counters and observed quietly. They're going to open a store, and they're targeting both boys and girls. They planned to develop two series and capture all customers from the beginning!Fred found that girls loved the products, such as acne removal, lipsticks and perfume, as well as hair oil that made hair smooth.He picked up a can of pomade and looked at the very moving advertisement, "seriously, I want to buy them all."George glanced at the price and put it back. "We're out of money, not a Knut."They stayed inside the store for two hours before coming out, recording the layout of all the goods and the variety of shelves.When he left, Fred saw a small shelf in the door with cute plush toys on it, which would move and make a sound.George: "if you want to take one for Della..."Fred: "Put some cute little things in front of the store, which could attract people to buy them. Better to have a cheap, small one, then people would like to take one by the way when they see it."George: "…"Fred: "what? Am I wrong?"George: "…cherish Della. She's the only girlfriend you can find."Fred prodded his brother. "Of course. We will be a couple in the future. You can come to my house for dinner, but remember to bring gifts to my children so that they will like you."George said with a smile, "that sounds good. If Della doesn't dump you in the end."Fred: "Of course she won't."

Author: Muduoduomu The original story page: http/onebook.php?novelid=3415654Chapter 30. The coming guests"Oh, they are coming!""My robe is poor! I should have bought a new one!""Look at my hair. Is it OK?"Today's Hogwarts was particularly lively. Two hours before dinner, everyone gathered in front of the castle yard, waiting for their guests.Ron whispered to Harry, "have you noticed that girls are weird."Harry nodded and looked for Hermione among the girls. Then he saw her. She and Della stood together, both had their hair braided, very beautiful.Hermione kept touching her braid. It was slanting, leaning to the right, because Della said her left face was more beautiful and delicate, so she needed to show her left face.Before today, she had never thought that combing her hair was so troublesome.It had something to do with which side of her face looked good.But she did see from the book that each side of the face was not completely symmetrical, so it's normal that the left face and the right face look different. After looking in the mirror all morning, she also began to feel that her face looked better from the left, her nose was more upturned and straight, and her lips and chin had a better curve.And her messy hair even looked better after being plaited since it was plump and smooth.She looked at Della, "why do you draw up your hair?"Della whispered, "because my neck looks good, don't you think?" Her neck was the second part to her leg, which made her proud.But she couldn't always have her hair bun — it's too troublesome.Maybe the boys wouldn't notice, but the girls at Hogwarts were all standing by. They did a lot of preparation to avoid being fallen behind by foreign girls.Professor McGonagall — she was also a woman — she found out. She obviously didn't like the movements of the girls, and she asked Parvati to remove the huge bow from her hair.When she glanced over, the girls carefully avoided the sight, were afraid that she would find out they had made-up. What if she asked them to wash their faces?!Della wished she could twist her head to the back, invisible to Professor McGonagall, like an owl, and stroked her forehead like getting a headache. Because she had eye shadow, blush and magic mascara. Everything else was fine, except the exaggerated magic Mascara bought from Cinderella! After brushing it, her eyelashes grew three inches!Of course, it made her eyes more attractive, so she didn't want to wash it off.She could feel the sight from Professor McGonagall set on her for a long time. She was sweating nervously!In the end, however, Professor McGonagall said nothing.Maybe it's because their guests had arrived."Here they are! They're coming!""Blimmy!""Look at the sky!"A house flew down from the sky.It was really the size and height of a house, and it was driven by a white winged horse like a princess's mount, which was terrifying.Della said to Hermione, "If Professor Hagrid can bring this horse to class, it will be very popular!" Hermione: "No, No way. They must be very dangerous. Look at their hooves, even bigger than my lunch plate."Della: "Danger means good." That's exciting!Hermione looked at her and muttered, "Gryffindor!"Della countered: "You too."The door of the carriage opened, headmaster Dumbledore came forward to receive them. He took one from the carriage, a very, very tall woman.Della: "Oh, my God… She is taller than Professor Hagrid!" Headmaster Dumbledore was only around her middle!There were a lot of students around her exclaimed, they can see her without standing on tiptoe.Hermione gave a quick lesson — with no idea what books she had read — "She's Mrs. Maxime, a very famous lady, the headmaster of Beauxbatons. She is said to be very powerful."Ron whispered to her, "we can all see that."Hermione glared at him. "She's a very respectable lady."Harry gave a silent smile, with no words.Fred pushed up to her at some point.She said to Fred, "don't you think Harry is really cunning?" He never got involved in his friends' disputes, while Hermione and Ron both felt that he was on their side.Fred nodded. "Ron is the dumbest one." His little brother was the least astute of his friends, which made him feel sorry.Following the tall and amazing Mrs. Maxime, a group of young French witches in fine silk emerged from the carriage.They were pretty, though shivering in the cold British wind, but it could not detract from their beauty.The captain one was remarkably beautiful!It's like she's shining! From her long moonlight hair to her spotless skin, her bright eyes and delicate lips like flowers, even her robes look more flowing than others.Della looked at her, dumbly, forgot to speak for a while, when she pulled herself, she found all the people around her were the same.She gave Fred a quick look, found that his eyes were fixed on the beautiful witch, she trampled on his feet!"Ouch!" Fred stood back reflexively, held his foot, and without thinking, he begged Della for mercy: "Honey, it hurts."Then he was aware, "what did I do?" He realized that he had been looking at those French witches, and immediately reflected and admitted his mistake: "Honey, you misunderstood me. They are not better than French snails in my eyes."The students around him burst out laughing.Professor McGonagall came up and said, "everyone, let's stand aside and leave the way to our guests. Thank you, Mr. Weasley, you'll have Escargot on the table later."Fred hopped away. "that's a surprise, professor."Della came up and held him. She didn't tread heavily — maybe in a moment of anger?"If you still have pain, I'll go to the hospital wing to get some potion for you." She said apologetically."No!" Fred quickly replied, "honey, it's not that I'm fussy, but any potion you get from the hospital wing is incredibly distasteful." He had ever taken the potion Della brought him for his cold, which was the most disgusting one he had ever drunk. He felt that his cold was simply scared away by the terrible potion, he would get rid of his cold promptly at the thought of drinking it again.The beautiful French witches made a commotion. When they stood in the cloister, there was nobody around them. No one was willing to stand beside them, but everyone was watching them.Looking at the captain one of them. Her name was Fleur Delacour."She's beautiful." Della said, as looking at Fred."Who?" Fred, pretending to be ignorant, glanced at the French witches who were like fairy, undeterredly. "Honey, my feet are still aching."George snickered behind him, seeing Fred throw a look at him, he turned to Angelina, "I guess they're not as good at Quidditch as you are."Angelina seemed being pleased, she said, "Oh, you flatter me. Some of them may be very good at it."George gave Fred a proud look. "Bro, see."Fred gave him a jab.After that, Durmstrang Ship, like a ghost, emerged from the Great Lakes of the Forbidden Forest.They turned to the second guest at the back of the castle.Durmstrang Ship seemed to be a ghost ship, dilapidated and black, with its muzzle arrayed hundreds of them in three rows, like the accessory eyes of Egyptian Cannibal Beetles.Della did not go to the lake. Instead, she saw Headmaster Dumbledore and several other professors, especially Professor moody, running to receive the Durmstrang people.She found that Headmaster Dumbledore running rarely fast which contradicted to his age, and Professor Moody… was the most unsuitable person to welcome guests.Yet, when Durmstrang came after the headmaster, Della suddenly rushed forward!Fred followed blankly."What happened?" Hermione took Harry with her."Della, did you see..." Hermione held back her word. At her side, Ron looked breathless: "Krum!! It's that Krum!"Fred tried to hold Della, but he couldn't: Della was blocked by the crowd in front of her, and she squashed herself forward."God!" Della gripped her sleeve nervously and asked Hermione, "did you see him? Is that him?" "Yes, yes." Hermione tried to calm down her: Look at Fred, oh, he looked ghastly."It's Viktor Krum!" Della grabbed her neck as if she couldn't breathe. "How do I look? Is it good?"Hermione glanced at Fred apologetically as she pulled Della: "You're good. I mean, calm down, you just met an idol, a star, because you just saw his game, so you were a little excited...""Krum is more than a star! He is very great!" Della felt too excited to find the right words to describe her first idol: "Very, very wise! Very… oh! He's coming!"In fact, Durmstrang men were a dozen feet away from them, they were following Headmaster Dumbledore to the dining room.Della caught up immediately.Hermione had to follow her closely. She was afraid to ask Fred, had only see if Harry could help.But Ron was as excited as Della, with Harry kept pace with him.Hermione sighed helplessly and looked back for Katie or Angelina, but neither of them was there.She had to come out a way to remind Della.Before dinner, the dining room was full, to their great relieves of Gryffindor girls, Beauxbaton sat on Ravenclaw's long table."Their robes are beautiful…""It's shining…""Seems like silk…""I want one, too…"On the other hand, Durmstrang sat at Slytherin's table.Della: "It must because Slytherin has the least people!" Otherwise, they should choose the long table of Gryffindor, in the middle, and it's most convenient to enter through from the hall.Fred stared at a stain on the table as if he wanted to burn it with his eyes.Hermione kept trying to kick Della from the opposite side and ask her to turn her head back. She had been looking at Durmstrang.After a while, Fred said, "Hermione, you've been kicking me."Hermione quickly replied, "Oh, I'm sorry." Then she had to pull her attention.Ron was talking to Harry about how to ask Krum for an autograph.Harry didn't contradict his friend, but regretfully told him that he didn't take his schoolbag down, so there was no quill nor parchment.Della was asking Fred, "do you have a quill?" Fred squeezed out a smile: "No, Honey, for your homework?"Ignoring his joke, Della turned to Katie next to her, "have you got a quill?"Katie shook her head. "No. But heard from Lavender, maybe you could use lipstick?"Della was as good as gold: "It makes sense! I've brought one."She took it out and ask Katie, "do you think we can go to Krum now? Will he sign on my robe? I'll keep it for the rest of my life!"George pushed down the hand from Fred, with a wand inside. "Calm down, bro." He looked at the figure of Viktor Krum, his brawny body, his strong arms, even his thicker-than-others neck, and said sincerely, "you can't beat him."
