Greetings Everyone! Thank you for reading my very first fan-fiction. I don't plan on doing this often, but I wanted to inform you on updates that I plan on doing, and how I'll work this story. I am a college student and I am going back to school in mid-August, but I want to keep going with this story. I don't plan on doing author's notes often, so this should be the only one, except for at the end. I am trying to determine if I want to make this a 7-story phase, with a new book for each year. Each story will start at the beginning of the summer holidays, and will end at the end of the year. I plan to upload new chapters each Friday afternoon/evening, and I will set a reminder to make sure that I upload. I plan to stay a few chapters ahead so if I get behind one week, I still have a new chapter to upload. Thank you so much for all the reviews that I've gotten, I will do my best to respond to them all.I want my followers to be involved in my story, so here is a question for you all: What house should Harry and Hermione be in?

I do not own Harry Potter, that is all JK Rowling's fantastic work.Severus Snape stared at the paper in front of him. A new law? Forcing childless, able wizards or witches to take in muggleborn children for their protection. Severus slammed the paper down and rubbed his face wearily. Bringing his coffee mug over to the kitchen sink, he called one of two of his loyal house elves."Lucinda?""Yes, Master Severus sir? How can I be of assistance sir?" The tiny house elf squeaked."Would you be willing to buy some more coffee from Diagon Alley? I believe that we are almost out of my favorite flavor. I know it's hard to buy, so do not punish yourself if you can't find it," Severus said, making sure his voice was firm during the last bit."Yes sir, right away sir!" The elf apparated with a small crack.Severus walked toward the library, making every intention of hiding from the world in there, until he heard Albus Dumbledore's Patronus coming from the other room."Severus, please come to my office, I have a couple things that are necessary to discuss with you," The phoenix disappeared through the window as Severus sighed, pulling his coat over his arms and buttoning the 12 buttons, before apparating with a crack."Absolutely not, Headmaster! I refuse to take in two muggleborns!" Severus exclaimed before glaring at Albus. "No, not because they are muggleborns, because I am not father material! I am 28 years old, Albus, you can't expect me to keep up with two wild brats, and maintain my appearance!"Albus' eyes softened. "Please, Severus, every other staff member is taking 2 to 4 children. You must do this, mostly for the law, but think of how much you can do to change their lives. Besides, if you don't, people will suspect."Severus's eyes snapped up. "Very well. Who are the little brats, and when do I need to move them to Prince Manor for good?""Ah, Severus, I was hoping that you would ask that question," Albus said, eyes twinkling again."Well? I asked a question, now answer it," Severus said, drawing out his words and getting impatient with the old man."I would like you to adopt Miss Hermione Granger, and Mr. Harry Potter, preferably tonight for their protection."Severus simply stared at Albus Dumbledore before releasing a string of swear words.Severus walked up the long sidewalk to the Granger's house, slowly, of course. A tall, dark, foreboding man, looking as sour as a lemon. Grimacing, he knocked on the door, and it opened, revealing a very bushy haired child."Mummy! Someone serious is at the door!" The little girl called, before smiling shyly at Severus.Severus simply pursed his lips, even though he felt a strange draw to the child. Mrs. Granger appeared at the door, drying her hands on a towel, looking confused at the man who was standing on their front porch."Can I help you?""Mrs. Granger, I am one of the professors from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I know that Hermione has yet to receive her letter, but I believe that some things need to be explained. May I come in?"Mrs. Granger nodded and led Severus into the living room and offered tea, which Severus politely declined."Mrs. Granger, your daughter is no ordinary child. She is a witch, and from the feel of her magical core, a very powerful one indeed."Mrs. Granger's mouth fell open, staring at Severus, before taking a letter that he gave to her. After reading it thoroughly, she asked Hermione to leave the room."Believe it or not, I've heard of your world. My best friend went to Hogwarts, but she made me swear never to tell anyone. Here's another thing, Hermione isn't our child. We found her completely abandoned on the beach one day and decided to take her home. She doesn't know this though. I had asked my friend, Amelia Bones, to see if she could change her appearance at all so she would grow to look like us. Hermione knows that she is adopted, but she doesn't know anything else. Would there be a way for you to explain this to her, and possibly show her magic or something? I would also be curious to see if the, um, the thing could be removed? The one charm that makes her look different?"Severus concealed his shock with a simple nod. "Do you mind if I go talk to her in private?" He asked, standing tall.Mrs. Granger shook her head and pointed Severus towards Hermione's room.Hermione opened the door to his knock and giggled, "Hi Mr. Serious Man!"Severus walked in on the bushy haired girl with a book on her lap."Hello, Ms. Granger, may I sit down? I believe I have a little explaining to do."Hermione pulled Severus into her room and let him sit on her twin sized bed, after moving plenty of books around for him to sit. Severus took a look around the girl's room. It was a pale lavender, and full of books. There were a few stuffed animals on the bed, but thankfully he didn't see make up, dress up clothes, or too many girly things. Severus made a mental note about this."Ms. Granger, my name is Professor Snape. I come from a school which teaches magic to young children like yourself. You may be wondering why I'm here. You see, a law was enacted to protect certain children, like yourself. You see, both of your adoptive parents are muggles, or non-magical folk. You however, are a witch. You have the ability to do magic. This law that was recently enacted, requires professors from Hogwarts to take in Muggleborn students for their own protection. Now, I am under the impression that you know that you are adopted, am I correct Ms. Granger?"The girl nodded; eyes wide. "Are you a wizard? Do you have a magic wand? Can you do tricks? Can I learn how as well?""One question at a time, girl," Severus snapped at the girl, before returning to the soft voice he was using before. "Yes, I am a wizard. Yes, I have a wand, 12 and ¾ inches, made of Holly, unicorn hair, and particularly stiff. I can do spells, but my main expertise is potions. I am a Potions Master, and can make almost any concoction that you can and will need. You will learn how as well, along with other ridiculous wand waving techniques that other professors will teach you."Severus stopped to look at the girl. Her eyes were intent, lapping up every word he said. It was almost like him when he was younger"Ms. Granger, I am going to preform a spell on you. It won't hurt, but it will change your looks so you won't look like your parents. You will be unique and look more like your original parents. Is that alright?"Hermione nodded, eager to see and understand, but trying to work the puzzle in her head that the Mr. Snape, er Professor Snape was giving her.The Professor said a few words in Latin, confusing the girl, before she felt herself shiver and change. However, the only thing that really changed was the girls face, eyes, and hair. Turning around to look at herself in the mirror, she gasped, but she wasn't the only one.Hermione stared at herself, her brown bushy hair was now jet black, similar in color to the man's hair behind her, and her eyes had changed too. Her eyes had taken on a violet color with golden flakes scattered around her iris. Her face turned from round and slightly chubby to lean and more oval. She met her Professor's eyes in the mirror.Severus was completely baffled. He had always worried that his affair with Lily had produced a child, but he could never confirm it, but here was living proof that he had a daughter, standing right in front of him. He knew that from years of working in potions, and testing how they would work with different genes, that black eyes and green eyes often created the violet eyes that Hermione had. Noticing Hermione's eyes meeting his, he quickly schooled his features."Ms. Granger, please pack anything you might need. I hate to be so blunt and to leave so soon, but for your protection, it is absolutely necessary that we leave tonight. You will not get to spend holidays with your parents anymore, but I will also you to visit them occasionally while you are on holiday, since you grew up with them," Severus said before turning on his heel and leaving the young girl to pack."Professor?" The girl called.Severus turned, lifting an eyebrow."Did I do something wrong? You seem angry and shocked," the little girl said, biting her lip."No, not at all, Ms. Granger. I will explain once we return to my Manor," Severus said, watching Hermione. Hermione gave a short nod, and it was all Severus took to not bark out in laughter before taking her downstairs to say what would be a tearful goodbye to her adoptive parents.Hermione made her way downstairs, lugging a packed suitcase that held almost all of her clothes, books, stuffed animals, and pictures. She was doing her best not to cry as she saw her parents shaking hands with her new Professor."Hi, Mum, Daddy, Professor," Hermione said softly."Hermione, darling. Severus has been explaining everything to us. Don't worry about a thing. We will get to see you for a few days when you go on holiday in the winter, and in the summer, but since Severus is your guardian now, it is important that you spend most of your holidays with him. But don't worry, we can write letters to each other and I want to hear all about your new school when you start, alright?" Mrs. Granger's eyes were already brimming with tears."Good luck at school, Hermione. You're extremely smart. You can do anything you put your mind to. I'll miss you bunches. Don't forget to write to your old man." Mr. Granger said, giving Hermione a tight hug before releasing her."Come, child," Severus said, trying his hardest to be gentle with the girl.Hermione was silently crying, doing her best to stay strong. Severus had assured her that she would be able to see her parents again for days on end, but leaving them was so hard. The minute she got to her new house she would write a letter to her parents. Hermione turned to her parents and waved. She blew a kiss to her parents, which they caught and held to their hearts. Severus led her out the door, nodding at Mr. and Mrs. Granger."I'll take good care of her," Severus said, before ushering the crying girl away from her parents.

I do not own Harry Potter, that is JK Rowling's fantastic work.Severus held out his arm for Hermione, and she simply looked at him in confusion. Severus sighed."Hold my arm, Ms. Granger, and try not to fall, will you? This may be shocking to you," he drawled.Hermione grabbed his arm tightly and Severus tried not to wince before apparating to Prince Manor. Hermione, as predicted, fell, but luckily, Severus was there to catch her."Daft girl, can you not follow instructions?" Severus snapped."Technically, sir, you never told me not to fall, you just told me to try to not fall," Hermione said cautiously.Severus only smirked in response. He walked Hermione up towards the front door and ushered her in. Hermione gasped and Severus smirked, again."Lucinda?" he called.Lucinda appeared with a pop. "Yes sir?""Please prepare dinner. Hermione and I will be eating in about an hour. I'm going to give her a tour of the manor and show her room and mine," He turned to Hermione, "This is Lucinda, one of two of my house elves. If you ever need her, please simply call her name and she will do whatever you ask of her. However, I must insist that you do not treat them like slaves. They are here to help yes, and although they are technically enslaved, they do receive 1 sickle a week for their work. They each get 1 day off as well. You are your own person and can do everything yourself. They deserve your respect and you will ask them questions with your manners, and will respond and thank them appropriately. They have their roles and you have yours. Please do not abuse their helpfulness, because believe me, I will know.""So, they aren't enslaved?" Hermione asked cautiously."No. They are free to leave of their own free will, and as I said before they do get paid. Many wizarding families who own house elves do not, and the house elves…are treated rather poorly. I do not approve of this, and refused to own house elves. However, Lucinda and Bart and their ancestors have lived in my family for centuries. They are very loyal to my family and were grief stricken at the thought of being freed, so I kept them on but insisted that I pay them.""I'm glad they aren't enslaved sir. I hate things like that, where animals are kept to do their master's bidding and are treated terribly. I read a book once where there were a bunch of creatures that were kept under this one man's control, and I was furious. That was the only book that I ever flew across the room. Are you absolutely positive they aren't enslaved?""No, mistress, we are not enslaved. Sir wanted to pay us and Bart and Lucinda were very unhappy but we accepted because we knew that that was what Master Severus wanted, so we obeyed because we're good house elves."Hermione smiled. "Good, but whenever I see a house elf I'm going to try to pay it because they all deserve paying if they're serving someone. Speaking of paying, what are sickles? I'm assuming a sickle is a type of money? Are there other forms of money? Are they coins? Are they-""Silence child!" Severus snapped, then felt guilty as Hermione lowered her gaze and shifted back. "Hermione, I'm not angry with you, however, your insane amount of questions needs to come to a close. Now, I'm not asking you to never ask questions, no, that's not how your mind can be broadened, but merely asking you to allow a person to answer your first question and seeing if they answer your many questions. Understand?"Hermione nodded."Good," Severus stated. "Now to answer your question, a sickle is a form of money, and it is not the only one. Here, I'll explain wizarding things as we explore the house, alright?""First things first, every witch or wizard has a wand that chooses them. In a few days, since it is August, we will go to Diagon Alley and get all your things for school. We will get your Hogwarts letter in the morning when I take you to visit Hogwarts and explore my chambers there. You will have permission to access my chambers whenever you need, simply tell the password. You will also be able to sleep there if you don't want to return to your common room or it is after curfew.""Diagon Alley is where we will go to get all of your school things. As your legal guardian, I will be paying for it all. There are three types of money that we use, called Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts. Galleons are gold, and are the highest form of currency, followed by silver sickles, and bronze knuts. These all will be used to buy things in Diagon Alley, and you will receive a small allowance to put in your Gringotts's Account for when you come of age. Gringotts is the wizarding bank and run by goblins.""The wizarding world is very unique. I advise you to read all about it and learn. Since you were raised by muggles, people who can't do magic, I shall give you several books on them. One of which including Hogwarts, A History which I hope that you will find very interesting..."At this point, Severus had showed Hermione the kitchens, sitting room, living room, ball room and the dining rooms, both formal and informal. He explained the uses for each, but had told Hermione that she was allowed to go anywhere she wanted, as long as she cleaned up after herself. Severus had decided that the best place to go after this was to take Hermione up to her new room. He hoped that the size of her room wouldn't spoil her too much and that she was going to remain the humble girl she had seemed to be.After climbing the main staircase and pulling her from admiring the view of the formal living room from the banister, Severus led the curious young girl down the hall. He stopped in front of a set of double doors. These double doors were meant to lead into his first guest room, but as he was certain that Hermione was his daughter, he thought it should go to her. The small 10-almost-11-year-old girl looked nervous, but also excited. He hoped that she wouldn't be frivolous, and silently hoped that she was going to be a bookworm like him, due to the large number of books in her old room. Severus turned himself to Hermione."Hermione, this is your room. It is very large and you will have plenty of space to do as you wish. I can also make additions to the room as you wish, as long as they aren't pink. I refuse to have pink in my home. Once you enter, I will make the room to how you wish, including colors, placement of the bed and surrounding furniture. You will have your own bathroom, and there is one smaller side room that I can make whatever you want. Aside from that, any additions you want are possible, as long as I make sure that they will work. Your room has a balcony, and I will put charms up to make sure that you won't fall over the edge, but it has a lovely view of the backyard and the gardens. Frankly, I've always been jealous of this room, it is wonderful."Hermione was smiling now, and Severus took that as his cue to open the double doors. Hermione rushed in before gasping and stopping 5 feet into the room. There was a queen sized 4 poster bed made of oak with white chiffon curtains tied to the bed posts. The chiffon was laid over the top of the bed, enveloping the bed in its own little cocoon. To the right of the bed was an oak nightstand, with a silver lap and a white shade. There was an oak chest of drawers to the left, and an oak dresser across the room from it. There was a vanity and mirror set next to the walk-in closet with a matching chair and cushions that created a white accent on the dark wood. The carpet was a very soft light grey color, and in between the closet and the bed was a set of French doors leading to the balcony, which was made of white and grey marble. The extra room was on the opposite side of the closet, with the bathroom next to the extra room."I want a library," Hermione breathed."A library? But you've already got one downstairs. I haven't shown it to you yet, but you've got one. Unless you want a personal library for your comfort when you don't feel like leaving your room, and by the state of your reaction, I doubt you'll leave for a while," Severus stated while trying to suppress a smile."Oh please? If it wouldn't be too much trouble? I love books and my family, well my old family judged me for it, especially my mother. I could never stop reading."Severus sighed. "Hermione, before I answer, I think that there is something you need to know. You are my daughter; you got your bookworm traits from me. I was exactly like you when I was younger, and I'd be happy to make you a personal library. However, I cannot know for sure if you are my daughter until I make a potion that will show the family tree, but I will do that tonight to be sure."Severus pointed his wand at the library-to-be and said some words Hermione didn't understand, but Hermione remained focused on him."Where's my mom?"Severus snapped his head around. He looked at the ceiling for a minute trying to compose his emotions before answering."Your mother was killed by a man I thought was my friend and companion. Everyone thinks your mother was killed by the Dark Lord, but in reality, she was set up to die by someone. She had an arranged marriage with someone who tortured me at Hogwarts, but since she didn't love him, we met in secret, once a week. One thing led to another, and the next think I knew is that she was expecting. Lily, your mother, wouldn't meet with me after that. I think that she assumed I would abandon her, and so she saved herself from heartbreak, but I never would have. You see, I did not, and still don't, like children. So, she assumed the worst in me, and pretended that you were James Potter's child. I don't know what happened after that."
I don't own Harry Potter, just this plot! :)Also Happy Birthday Harry Potter!"But, why? Why did the headmaster betray you?""I have no idea, Hermione, but he is the reason I fight for the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord promised that he would never have killed Lily, and showed me his true intentions by letting me into his mind. My only advice is to never trust the old fool. Never look him in the eye for longer than a second, if you wish to not have your mind invaded. End of discussion, if you please," Severus said, finally looking her in the eye.Hermione nodded and smiled, hugging Severus around the waist."Thank you for the beautiful room sir. What should I call you?""Sir or Severus will be fine until you are comfortable enough to call me Dad or Father. Whatever name you choose to gift me with I will be happy. I am very happy to be your father, child.""Okay si-Severus," Hermione said with a smile. "What are our plans for tonight?""Well, we will have dinner, and then after that, I need to go and meet with Harry Potter, for he will also be living with us. I need to apparate to his town, Little Whinging. Would you like to come and meet your new brother? Although I despise his father, and no doubt he is spoiled rotten, being the Boy who Lived, I have to adopt the brat, otherwise Dumbledore will be down my throat for the next 7 years."Hermione gave her father a confused glance. "The boy who lived? Why do you hate him so?"Severus sighed, before he began telling her the story of James Potter as he walked her down to dinner."You remember the mentioning of James Potter? Yes? Well, he was engaged to Lily Evans, who was your mother. He treated me terribly in school. Him, Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew, and Remus Lupin all treated me like dirt, constantly playing evil pranks on me. Dumbledore never did anything. As I was in Slytherin, no one ever did anything to help me. There is no doubt that ever since Potter, the one we are going to go see very soon, will be spoiled by his aunt and uncle because he's way to special for his own good. It will be best if he gets taught that the world does not revolve around him."Hermione only nodded, feeling it was best to stay quiet. After finishing their dinner, which was a lovely roast with carrots, potatoes, onions and celery, and strawberry pie for dessert, Severus and Hermione apparated to an alley in Little Whinging.Severus knocked on the Dursley's front door. Only a few moments passed before a thin, bony looking woman opened the door. Frankly, she looked like a horse, or maybe a giraffe with that ridiculously long neck."You!" She cried before going to slam the door in their faces.Severus, however, was too quick for her and slammed his hand on the door to stop it from closing, ushering Hermione in and squeezing himself in before he got caught by the door."Yes, Tuney, its me. The man who you despise, the man who your sister had an affair with and made this little gem," gesturing to Hermione yet remained with a sneer on his face. "Where is the Potter boy? I'm required to adopt the little brat.""Oh, little brat is right! Finally, something I agree with you on. However, I think that he's fine here. We're disciplining him enough and we've got it all under control," Petunia said, sounding suddenly nervous.As a spy, he knew immediately that something was amiss."What the bloody hell is going on here?" Yelled a fat man as he waddled into the living room."Vernon dearest, they're trying to take the boy.""The freak? Oh, yeah him. He doesn't take company." Vernon said, smelling of alcohol."Let me see him. I am a professor at Hogwarts, where he is scheduled to attend this fall. I am required to adopt him, so let me see him.""No, I refuse. Now leave sir, you are not allowed here, no doubt your purple eyed raven is a freak too," he said before leaving the room and banging on the cupboard and laughing maniacally.Hermione shrunk back behind her father, tear glistening in her eyes. She had always been teased for her looks in school, especially her bushy hair, but she had hoped that it was over now that her looks had changed. Clearly not. Her father gripped his wand tightly and strode off to the cupboard under the stairs, unlocking it with a spell. The door flung open and she saw her dad's eyes widen in shock.Hermione crept over and peaked inside. A small boy her age was curled up on a small mat with a moth eaten blanket and a tiny pillow. He blinked at the bright light going into the small cupboard. The odor was awful, and the boy was battered with cuts and bruises. The boy's hair was shaven except for his bangs, but appeared to be growing back at a considerable rate.He only had a few shirts and pants. His clothes were much too big and he seems to curl tighter in a ball as Severus stood over him."Merlin, what has happened," Hermione heard Severus mutter.Severus immediately turned and cast a spell at the two Dursley parents, freezing them into place. He then turned back to the boy and cast a warming charm on him. He carefully extracted the boy from the cupboard, careful to not knock any part of him against the door or doorframe."I will be back, don't you forget it, Tuney. Your sister would be so disappointed in you. You're lucky she isn't here. She would have murdered you," Severus snarled.Severus Snape had apparated to Prince Manor, holding a very small, lightweight, and unconscious boy."Lucinda?" he called, "Take Hermione to her room and when you are done fetch me a bowl of hot water and a washrag. This poor thing was beaten and starved by his aunt and uncle. I'm going to wash his wounds and give him a pain potion, and apply a salve to his bruises. After I know he is stable, I want you to look after him while I go visit the horrible creatures that did this to him."After saying goodnight to Hermione, he rushed off to the 2nd guest bedroom, which he decided would become Harry's room. Harry remained limp in his arms. By the time he got to the room, Lucinda was already present, placing the requested bowl of warm water and washrag. Severus gently set Harry down on the covers, before banishing his clothes down to his underwear. At the sight of the poor boy's undergarments being much too big, smelly, and tied on with a string, he quickly banished those too, making a mental note to go to Diagon Alley as soon as the boy was healed well enough to get Harry an entire new wardrobe. He accioed a pair of his own that he shrank to fit the younger boy.Severus dunked the rag in the water before ringing it out and starting on Harry's stomach. Soon, the water in the bowl had turned rust colored, and Severus wasn't even halfway done cleaning Harry's cuts up."Lucinda?""Yes, sir? What can Lucinda do sir?""Please replace this water, as you can see, the water is not sanitary," Severus sighed, rubbing his temple."Yes sir, right away sir, anything to help the Young Master," Lucinda said, before apparating.Within a minute, Lucinda was back with warm, fresh water. Severus cleaned the rest of the cuts, but not before drawing back at the sign of the beating Harry had endured. There were scars all over Harry's back and they were puckered from not healing properly. Severus felt guilt as he remembered his earlier statements to his daughter about Harry. He needed to apologize to her and Harry, when he woke up of course.Severus called for Lucinda again, this time asking if she would stay with Harry while he got the salve and pain potion. Severus stalked towards his lab, both saddened and enraged. The Boy who Lived, the Savior of the Wizarding World should not be treated like a common mule! No, wait, a common mule is treated better than how Harry Potter was. There was no doubt in his mind that the boy needed unconditional care and needed to be shown what having a real guardian was like. He could only assume that he had never had anything properly boughten for him.Before he could register where he was going, he found himself in his potion's lab, absentmindedly gathering the potion and salve that he needed. Severus snapped himself out of his thoughts and returned to Harry's room. He scoffed at himself. He had gone from calling the boy Potter, to Harry in less than 6 hours.Gently, he applied the salve to Harry's arms, chest, legs, back, and anywhere that was even mildly bruised. He made a mental note to have Poppy check Harry out when they went to visit Hogwarts in several days' time. By the time that he was finished, he was exhausted, but he knew that there were several things he needed to do before he even thought about sleeping. However, sleeping wasn't even on his radar. He was much too concerned about questioning the Dursley's and taking care of Harry."Are you okay to watch over him for a few hours, Lucinda? I have some business that I need to take care of. If you need me, I will be at Number 4, Privet Drive in Little Whinging. Go there if Harry wakes, or starts fretting, or if there is anything you need me for that you cannot do. Understood?" Severus said, appearing calm, but feeling the exact opposite.Severus apparated away, knowing his target.Hi all!Thanks so much for reading! Please leave a review and I will do my best to respond. I want to remain connected with my readers. The next chapter will be kinda sad, so just a heads up for all of you! I've written ahead on several chapters and hope to be done with several week's worth before I start the next semester at college so I am less likely to get behind. Continuous question: What houses should Harry and Hermione be in?Thanks everyone!ekrichards

I don't own HP! Just the plot. ****THERE IS ABUSE MENTIONED AND SLIGHTLY DESCRIBED. DO NOT READ IF IT IS A TRIGGER.****Obviously, some of the things in this story are from Sorcerer's Stone, especially the Snake Scene at the zoo, and I don't take credit for that, but the remainder of the plot in this chapter is mine. Also, I do not mind the critiques and the ideas to make it helpful, and I do find them extremely helpful. I wouldn't be as far as I am without them. However, please remember this is my first fanfiction and I'm still working out the kinks of the story and getting used to people reading them. Also keep in mind that I am a college student and therefore this isn't the top thing on my mind most times, especially starting next week. However, my brother is helping me edit my story now, so things should begin to improve. Thank you for your consideration, patience, thoughts, and ideas! Please R & R and enjoy this chapter!ekrichardsThe streets of Little Whinging were dark, and it was cloudy. Not to mention that Severus Snape was wearing completely black clothes. Severus Snape was to be unseen.The front door belonging to the Dursley's opened with a bang, scaring the fat boy watching television, and doing nothing about the two frozen people standing behind him, although the terror in their eyes was obvious. Severus smirked. With a wave of his wand, he closed the drapes, locked all doors, and unfroze the two bastards in front of him."I told you I would be back, Tuney. Now, for a decent enough punishment. Hmm. If the Dark Lord were here I would simply…give you to him. Or the dementors. Remember those Tuney?" Severus drawled, smirking as he watched her tremble with fear."Firstly, I don't give a damn what my precious little sister said. She always got what she wanted and no one saw her for the freak that she was. Secondly, that bastard and freak of a boy was a handful. He needed a good smack every now and again in order to control him. He was so hard to control, Snape," Aunt Petunia said, with a look of disgust on her face.Severus scoffed. "Hard to control? You have nearly beaten the spirit and life out of him! Do you know how many scars and bruises he has because you thought that he was a handful? Even if he was a handful, you don't beat and malnourish your child.""He's not our child!" Vernon Dursley snapped, "That boy was a wreck. He never did anything properly. None of the chores were done horribly. He was constantly hurting Dudley! Just the other day, he set a snake at the zoo on Dudley doing his freaky little stuff!""Magic," Severus corrected coolly."Magic, rubbish, freaks, whatever you want to call it, it's stupid, frankly. We were simply hoping that we could beat the magic out of him. Magic makes you a freak, and freaks aren't allowed. ""Tell me, what did you do to him? Tell me or I swear I will find out by invading your minds," Severus sneered."Ha! You have no right to do that. We did nothing wrong, we were simply controlling a freak," the overweight man said, almost jolly, thinking he had found a way around it."Ah yes, the man who spies for the Dark Lord, following the rules," Severus said, having to stop the eye roll, "Legillimens!"A tiny boy the age of three stood on a stool at the oven, frying bacon, while the much larger, spoiled boy sat on the floor surrounded by 20 or so presents. The squat boy, Dudley, was tearing through packages and throwing a temper tantrum over ones that he hated."Happy Birthday, Dudders! Oh, I hope that you enjoy these gifts, you've worked so hard this year, you deserve them all! Maybe if you're extra good at the state fair today, we'll buy you 5 new presents, how's that my handsome baby?" Petunia cooed.Dudley simply squealed and threw a firetruck at his father.Petunia snapped her attention to the tiny boy at the stove, who was now struggling to make pancakes."Boy! Don't burn anything! If you burn anything you can't eat what's left, and no food from us for a week! Understood, freak?"Harry nodded glumly, "Yes, Aunt Petun-Petun-Petunia."Harry had a determined look on his face, as if he wanted to make his aunt and uncle proud. But in reality, he was just hoping to get some of their leftovers, if they had any. Severus watched as his anger as the Dursley's rose from the pile of presents on the floor to eat.Once the Dursley's had been fed, they thrust the remaining crumbs and pancake and fatty bacon bits at the boy."You! Boy! You can have our leftovers, out of the goodness of our hearts," Vernon said, with a malicious smirk on his face. "But don't eat at the table, why?"Harry looked at the floor. "Freaks don't sit on the furniture. Thank you for the good food, you are very- very nice."The memory quickly faded as Severus prodded for more memories with Harry. Quickly, one caught his attention and he turned to it. He saw Vernon beating Harry as a six-year-old, for putting a hand on the couch to stabilize himself when he was vacuuming. Harry was then thrown in his cupboard and given no meals for 2 weeks. Severus shook his head and turned away, his stomach threatening to throw up his breakfast, or was it his lunch? Maybe both.Another memory appeared in front of him. Aunt Petunia was sitting by the window with a cup of tea."I swear, if that boy hurts my precious darling he will pay. If Dudders can't catch that freak then he'll be so upset," Petunia muttered under her breath.Harry's eyes were big and round and he kept tripping over his much too long pants. Could you even call them pants? Dudley didn't seem to care though, as he just plowed behind Harry on his bike, along with his group of friends.Moments later, the door burst open and Dudley came in, grumbling."Muuum, Harry's on the garden shed roof again, we were doing Harry Hunting. Muuuum stop letting him escape!""Don't worry popkins, I'll make sure he never escapes again, okay duddykins? You'll be able to catch him any time you like."Dudley simply nodded and waddled upstairs. Petunia turned around, looking very furious."HARRY POTTER!"8-year-old Harry stumbled into the room, slightly out of breath and looking nervous for what was to come. Petunia grabbed him by the ear and threw him into the cupboard, telling him that he was to have no food for 2 weeks for 'upsetting her boy'.The memory faded, bringing on the memory of the zoo.Dudley and a boy that Severus had never seen before were banging on the glass of various reptile cages."Make it move," Dudley moaned at his father.Dursley knocked on the glass window with his knuckles, before looking apologetically at Dudley."Boooring," Dudley muttered before wandering over to a more active snake.Harry was holding the packing of what looked like a cheap ice lolly, but was sitting at the snake and smiling at it. Severus smiled at the sight of the child, looking content for once, becoming lost in thought. He was rudely brought from his thoughts as Dudley pushed Harry away from the snake and onto the floor. Dudley seemed to climb up the glass, before it disappeared. Harry was smiling as Dudley lost his balance and fell into the large habitat. The large boa constrictor slithered out of the cage, nodded and hissing at Harry as it escaped the large reptile house.Dursley however, seemed to notice Harry's smile, and quickly and rather forcefully picked Harry up and whispered, "No meals and the cupboard for 2 weeks. And a beating when you get home, freak. How dare you intentionally hurt my son."The memory faded and a flash of memory appeared. Dursley was beating the same Harry that he had seen at the zoo, and there was no doubt that this thrilled Dursley. Dursley's belt was flying up in the air and coming down with a crack on Harry. Harry was curled up on the floor, his back bloody and bruised, not making a single sound, except for the occasional whimper.Severus had had enough and pulled out of her mind. Silently, he walked away from the couple, towards the door, his anger obvious. But it was a calm anger, the kind that's the scariest. Turning towards them as he reached the door, he mumbled a spell. This spell was the kind of spell that turned everything the abusers had done to someone back onto them, for the length of time that they had abused Harry. Their house was never to be quite as clean as Petunia preferred. No matter how much food they put on their plates, they could only eat as much as Harry was allowed before feeling as if they were done or didn't want anymore, even if they were still very hungry. The fridge became moldy and the food, stale. Rust and mold began to form anywhere that Harry had continuously scrubbed over and over again since a toddler.They would feel pain at the most random of times, but it would never leave a mark. Dursley would feel the pain of his belt whenever he had messed up at work, which would be quite a lot. Dudley would feel terror whenever he was being bullied and he would never feel at ease. He would feel the kicks and punches that he threw at Harry, and he would sleep in the cupboard for the next 10 years. No matter how hard he tried to go upstairs, the minute he was in his room, he would find himself in the cupboard. Tuney would hear everything negative that the neighbors had ever said about her. Nothing Tuney would do could keep the neighbors from talking. Her once precious gardens were wilted and would never be bright and cheerful again.He knew that the next decade would make them miserable, but he felt that they deserved it. No one in the wizarding world approved of abuse, and there was an entire Department in the Ministry dedicated to it. Severus knew that the Ministry might have done slightly less to them, but revenge was sweet. The evilest thing came next. Severus Snape smirked."Have a good life, Tuney, Dursley, Dudley. I hope you enjoy," he said, drawing emphasis on this last word, "the next decade of your life. Goodbye."Not telling the Dursley's what was about to happen to them was Severus's definition of true evil. No amount of punishment could have made Severus feel any better about what they had done to Harry. He knew that Harry would have a long road of healing ahead of him, both mentally and emotionally. Severus apparated back to the clean manor and made his way to Harry's room, planning to stay with him the whole night. He walked into Harry's room, watching the small boy awaken as Lucinda wiped some dried blood off of his forehead. The boy seemed to think that he was in trouble, and quickly tried to jump out of bed."I- I'm sorry sir I woke up on your bed, I don't know how I got there. I'm sorry I was a freak; I won't do it again. Is there a cupboard for me to stay in?" Harry said this all very fast and did not make eye contact with Severus. Instead, he was looking around the room for something. Severus could only assume he was looking for a cupboard.Severus hated it when children didn't look him in the eye when they were speaking to him. It was quite rude, in his opinion. Severus sighed and knelt down to the boy's level."Look at me, Potter, you are not a freak. And it was alright that you woke up in your own bed. I have my own room down the hall.""No, sir, sorry sir, I have to earn my keep and freaks don't sleep in beds or sit on the furniture, where is my cupboard?""Boy! You are not a freak! You will not sleep in a cupboard." Severus snapped, already impatient with the brat.Harry shrunk back, muttering apologies as he took a small step away from the strange man, hugging himself."Potter, er- Harry, you are not a freak. You are a wizard. Like me, and your adopted sister, whom you will meet tomorrow morning.""But uncle said I was a freak. I can make things happen to other people and I will get beaten for it. Uncle will be mad that I'm in a bed, I need to go find a cupboard!" Harry was panicking now.Severus reached out to touch the boys chin, forcing him to look Severus in the eyes."Listen to me Harry. You are not a freak. Your uncle mistreated you. He treated you like no proper guardian should. I am your official guardian now and I promise to be the best father figure I can be. You will have to forgive me because I have never been good with children, but I can promise you one thing. I will never intentionally hurt you, and I will never hit you.""But sir, Uncle won't be happy with me, he'll think that I tricked you, I'll get beaten when I go back to Privet Drive! You'll beat me when you discover what a freak I am!" Harry said, trying to look away, but failing.Severus noticed how Harry didn't call Privet Drive, home."You will never be going back to Privet Drive, Harry. I have three rules for you to remember and follow. One: I will never hit you, beat you, or call you Boy or freak. If I need to punish you, you will write lines or be grounded for a few days. Two: You are never to sleep in the cupboard. You are allowed on the furniture and you will sit with us at the dinner table for all three meals. Three: You are never to call yourself a freak. Let me show you something," Severus said softly. He wanted to calm the child, and Harry seemed like he needed some rules to help him adjust to his new life.Severus pointed his wand at a small hand mirror that was sitting on Harry's nightstand. He made sure Harry was watching before he continued. He transfigured it into a candle, and muttered incendio at it, lighting it quickly. Harry was awestruck."You will be able to do this as well someday, Harry. Do you think I am a freak?"Harry shook his head."Very well. Since I am not a freak, you are not a freak. Climb into bed, Harry. It's been a long day for you, and you need your rest so that the salve and creams can help you heal properly.Harry nodded and mumbled a quick "yes, sir" before climbing into bed. He didn't want to upset this man; he seemed scarier than Uncle Vernon. Uncle Vernon didn't wear all black, so how could this man be any better?Severus nodded at the child."I will stay with you tonight. I want you to sleep. I gave you a dreamless sleep potion so that way you will sleep soundly without any nightmares. Try to sleep now. Good night."And with that, Severus summoned a book from his rooms and dimmed the lights using his wand as Harry closed his eyes and fidgeted under the covers.

I don't own Harry Potter, just this plot. Enjoy this chapter! It's up a little early! R&R!Hermione awoke to the smell of bacon, eggs, and pancakes frying downstairs at 7:30. She stretched herself out and yawned in bed, looking around the room to see if there was a bathrobe so she didn't have to go down to breakfast in her nightgown. She noticed one on the chest and got out of bed to get it. She made her way out of her room, and saw her father racing down the stairs. She wondered what was going on. As she entered the kitchen, she saw Severus standing in the doorway, with his shirt untucked and his jacket open staring bewilderedly around the room. It was a sight to be seen."Good morning, sir, I mean Severus," Hermione said with a small blush."It's alright child," Severus said shortly."Um, sir, do I need to get ready for the day? I noticed that you're already dressed and I want to make sure that I do things the way that you prefer them done, and I'm more than happy to go and change."Severus turned to look at her."No, Hermione, you do not have to. When you get a little older, I would prefer that you get ready before you come to breakfast, but since you are 11, I suppose I can make an exception for a few years."Hermione turned her attention to where Severus was staring."Please, Little Master, it is my job to cook, you need to sit down and let me finish. Master will be furious with me if I don't, little master please this is my job," Lucinda almost wailed, tugging on her ears."Mister Potter, are you unaware of the job of the house elf?" Severus drawled. Hermione could tell that his temper was short, and slid past him to the table. She disapproved of the way Severus was talking to Lucinda, but knew better than to say anything.Harry turned with a surprised, yet nervous look on his face."Sir, it's my job to cook. I'm supposed to work to earn my keep and do chores, especially now that I have a room. I'll have to do twice as many chores now and I'll need to work harder to make you happy enough to keep my room. Its my job to make breakfast and I have to have it ready and not burnt when you want it.Severus sighed. This was going to be tough."Mister Potter, why exactly are you not resting?" Severus asked."Um," Harry started. "You wouldn't be happy with me if I spent the morning being lazy instead of starting on my chores. Freaks like me need to stay up with the chores to earn my keep otherwise you might kick me out."Severus's eyes flashed."Harry, what did I say were the rules last night?" Severus questioned.Harry's heart sank. He was going to be beaten for calling himself a freak. He had barely been here and he'd already messed up."Not to call myself a freak," Harry mumbled."Indeed, Harry. After breakfast you will follow me into the library. You will be writing lines," Severus said. "Now sit down and let Lucinda finish cooking."Harry gave the spatula to Lucinda the House elf and made to sit on the floor, before remembering Severus's rules. "You will sit on the furniture" echoed in his mind, and he hastily got into a chair on the other side of the table as Severus."Harry and Hermione, you will both be given small tasks to do throughout the day, but none of them will be as extensive as Mr. Potter's that he received at Privet Drive. For example, today you need to make your bed, open your curtains in your rooms, and make a list of everything you may need from Diagon Alley. We will be going tomorrow to get your things for school.""Now that you are both here, I will explain who I am and who you are. My name is Severus Snape. I am the Potions Master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and you two have magic in your blood. Harry, you are a wizard, and Hermione, a witch. There was a law enacted recently that makes you two my wards. You will live with me until you become of age at 17 years old, and I will be taking care of you."Hermione nodded. Harry just looked unsure. At that moment, Lucinda brought the pots and pans filled with breakfast food over to the trio before disappearing with a pop."There is no doubt that you have done accidental magic before you arrived here, especially you, Harry," Severus said, nodding at Harry.Hermione couldn't hold in her excitement anymore and burst out with a bunch of questions for Harry."So, Harry! I'm Hermione, and Severus thinks he's my dad and that he's going to adopt you. Are you excited to find out that you can do magic? Are you excited to go to Hogwarts and learn magic? Are you excited to get our things tomorrow? I've been wanting to invade the library all day and read books about this new world. Can we go after we finish our chores? Would you like to come with me?""Hermione, the questions?" Severus warned."Sorry sir," Hermione said, blushing."Um, sir, I think you have the wrong Harry, I can't be a- a- wizard, I'm just freakish Harry.""No, Potter, you are indeed the right Harry," Severus said with a smirk. "You are a wizard, and you will be attending Hogwarts with Hermione in a few weeks' time on September first. Hogwarts is where you will learn magic for seven long years. The accidental magic that I did before I went to Hogwarts was quite impressive. I could float rocks in the air, or when I was angry, explode various glass jars around the kitchen."This sounded familiar to Harry and he took a daring glance at Severus as he spoke."But, if you're not lying to me, that means that I'm not a freak? The things I've done, like made dishes explode, and shrink sweaters that I don't want to wear, and grow my hair back after it was shaven off? That's magic?" Harry questioned, doubting every word that the man was saying, but wanting to believe it at the same time."Accidental magic, but magic all the same. Tonight, before bed, I will come to you and explain why you were left with your aunt and uncle."Harry had followed Severus into the library. He was very nervous and was sure that Severus was going to beat him behind closed doors. As Severus gestured toward a seat for Harry to sit in, Harry's heart raced. This was it. He would feel how horrible Severus would be during punishment. Severus sat at the opposite side of the table as Harry."Here. We will work on your penmanship with a quill and parchment and you will write your lines. I want you to write 50 times 'I am not a freak and I must not call myself a freak'," Severus said, gazing at Harry's worried eyes.He handed Harry a sheet of parchment and a quill, showing him how to properly hold a quill. He gently maneuvered Harry's hand until he had it right."Now, begin your lines. I will be rummaging through the library if you need anything," Severus said.Harry started to write his lines, staring at Snape in disbelief. Would this really be his only punishment? He was shocked. In about ten minutes, his hand started to cramp and he was only on line 26. After another 10 minutes, his lines were done and he was fidgeting with the quill, not sure if he should speak up."Um, sir," Harry said. "I finished with my lines. When will the next part of my punishment happen?""Next part?" Severus came out of the bookshelves with a potions book in his hand. "What do you mean? There is no next part. You are free to go find Hermione and make your list for tomorrow.""But sir, punishments aren't complete without my beating. Where should I go for it?"Harry was being so polite about it, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. However, he supposed, it would be natural for him. He probably associated punishment and beatings together in his mind. He sighed before sinking down to his knees to glance at the child at eye level."Do you remember what I told you last night about your punishments?""Yes sir. You said that I would only have to write lines as punishment or be grounded and wouldn't be beat," Harry said, looking down at the ground."Correct," Severus said softly. "I promised, and still promise you that I will never beat you, no matter the circumstances. Harry, you should know that beating anyone is wrong. Anyone who does that to a child, especially, is wrong. Am I clear?"Harry's strikingly green eyes were brimming with tears as he nodded at Severus."Why won't you ever? Uncle said I deserved it, and I did, everything weird happens around me. I was never good enough.""You don't deserve it, Harry. No one ever deserves what you went through.""How do you know?" Harry asked accusingly."I myself was in your position when I was a young boy. I did not have anyone to turn to. But you will. You have me and Hermione. I want you to tell me one thing that the Dursleys did every single night. We will talk about it at length, and trust me. You will feel better. I'm not saying that it will be easy at all, but it needs to be done."Harry nodded. He was beginning to trust this strange new man."Very well. Go find Hermione and make your lists."Fortunately, Hermione came running into the library, so Harry didn't have to go far. As Hermione sat down, Severus left to return to his lab. He walked quickly, knowing that he only had limited time while his wards were busy in the library making their lists for Diagon Alley. He trusted them not to cause mischief while they were alone togetherHe quickly gathered the ingredients. This was a relatively simple potion, but it was rare so it wasn't really made very often. It only took about an hour to make. He added lacewing flies, hippogriff tears, which he had stolen from a Hippogriff from one of Hagrid's escapades many years ago, and lionfish spines, which were added last. The potion simmered for an extra 5 minutes once he had turned the flame down. Once the potion had finished cooling, he plucked one of his own hairs and dropped it in, so it would be functional. He took a dropper and dropped a few drops of the potion on a piece of parchment. The liquid began to branch out while names began to appear. A branch next to his name was labeled as Lily Potter.As expected, Hermione's name appeared below. He began to roll up the parchment but he suddenly saw another name appear beside Hermione's. He paused. He slowly unrolled the parchment and stared at it, dumbfounded.He had not one, but two children by Lily Potter. And they were both living under his roof.

School started on Wednesday. SO MUCH HOMEWORK! I'll be slow with writing until I figure out how I want my schedule to be, but luckily I have chapters written for submission until early November, so you'll continue to have your story for then, but please, please, forgive me if I don't upload for a week or two in November until school is out. I will do my best to continue writing, but this story will not be abandoned! R&R please!Lots of love in these trying times,ekrichardsSeverus walked into the library where Hermione and Harry were quietly chatting away, making their lists for Diagon Alley. Rather, Hermione was chatting away and Harry was listening and saying a word here and there. Severus smirked at the two. It was hard to keep his reputation and appearance up around them, especially now that he knew they were his daughter and son. His! He still couldn't believe it. He cleared his throat and the two tweens turned to look at him."Hi Severus," Hermione called."Hermione, Harry, I have something I need to discuss with you. Can I join you?"Harry nodded and scooted his chair over so Severus could pull up another chair. Once Severus was seated, he began to discuss the results."Last night I had promised Hermione that I would create a potion that would prove she is my daughter. This afternoon while you were making your lists, I did just that. Here are the results," he said, laying the sheet of parchment on the table so both Harry and Hermione could read it.Harry glanced down at the piece of parchment, then stared at Severus, eyes wide. Hermione did the same, but instead bounced in her seat a little bit."Sir, this isn't lying right?" Harry said, the nerves obvious in his voice."No, Harry, this potion is very truthful. You are indeed my son.""I have a dad?""You do.""Harry, you're my brother! And I'm your sister! Oh, Harry this is so exciting!" Hermione exclaimed, clearly thrilled about the news.Severus gave a rare smile. He opened his arms, wanting to hug both of his children. Hermione immediately dashed into his arms and he gave her a one-armed hug, before looking at Harry and beckoning him to join the hug as well. Harry cautiously got up and walked over to Severus before wrapping both of his arms around his newfound dad. Severus held his two children tight before releasing them."Tomorrow we will go to Diagon Alley and get all of your things for Hogwarts, and anything you'd like to decorate your room with. At some point we will need to decide if you want to change your last name to mine, make a mixture of the two, or keep your current last name but that doesn't need to be decided immediately, understood?""Yes, sir," Harry and Hermione said simultaneously."Now, it appears to be time for some dinner. Would you like to see what Lucinda has prepared?"Both kids scampered towards the door, Harry more calmly and tentatively than Hermione as Severus shook his head in amusement. This was going to be a crazy 7 years.Dinner turned out to be baked ziti with garlic bread and watermelon for dessert. After dinner, Severus had suggested that he teach them Gobstones, which was a popular game that students liked to play at Hogwarts. Both Harry and Hermione had quickly picked up on it, but had been horrified when Severus lost to them and got sprayed in the face with the stinky liquid. Severus himself had been quite shocked and hadn't been expecting it at all. Even though he wasn't mad, Harry became quite scared and fled the living room to go hide in his room. After walking Hermione to her room and bidding her goodnight, he knew that it was time to talk to Harry about his life and some of the horrors that he had experienced at Privet Drive. He knocked on Harry's door."Come in," a small, tentative voice called out.Severus entered the room and wasn't surprised to see Harry curled up in a ball on the balcony watching the birds in the bird bath that was sitting in the front yard."Harry, you realize I'm not mad at you right? It is simply a game, and I'm happy that you won, especially since it was your first time playing! Many young wizards don't," Severus said, knowing he had to keep a calm, positive demeanor."But you looked mad, and whenever uncle looked mad, I would get punished because I did something wrong. What is my punishment going to be, sir?" Harry was obviously nervous."Harry, there is no punishment. It is merely a game." This was going to be a lot harder than he thought. "Harry, you need to get this off your chest. Why don't you tell me what they did? You can trust me. I had a similar past, so I do understand your fear.""I can't tell, Uncle will be mad at me," the boy whispered, now facing Severus."You will never be going back to your Aunt and Uncle again, do you hear? Your uncle will never lay hands or eyes on you again, and he will never know," Severus promised."But Uncle said that if I told anyone he'd just make everything worse for me and people would know I'm lying," Harry whispered."He will never know that you told me, and I know that you are not lying. Everything that you say about them is true.""Sir, I can't," Harry whimpered."When did they start hitting you?"Harry sucked in a breath."You can trust me, Harry," Severus coaxed."I don't remember a time when I wasn't hit with Uncle's belt or fists," Harry said, a tear rolling down his cheek."Why did they beat you?" Severus was feigning calmness, although he was anything but."Because- Because they thought I was a freak and because I was never perfect. No matter how hard I tried something always went wrong," Harry said, his breathing getting heavier as he started to cry."Harry, you are not a freak. You are obviously upset right now, so I will not push you but every night before you fall asleep, like I said earlier today, I want to discuss 1 thing a night that the Dursleys have done to you. Trust me, it will feel like a weight has been lifted off your shoulder.""Okay," sniffled Harry."Tomorrow we are going to get you new clothes and different glasses. I left them all at the Dursley's but it's clear that we would've needed to get you new clothes anyway. Were they all hand-me-downs from your oversized cousin?"Harry nodded."I figured as much," Severus sighed. "Not to worry Harry. As your father, I will be paying for everything tomorrow. You and Hermione are my responsibility, now. Also, eventually I would like for you to call me Father or Dad at some point. Obviously, it will take a little bit, but for the meantime, Severus or sir will do.""Yes, Severus," Harry said, giving a small, unsure smile to his father."Now, there is something else that I need to tell you. It is a pretty big weight to place upon your shoulders, but you need to know. I will give you the night to process it and then we can further discuss it in the morning with your sister if you wish."Harry nodded. Severus took this as a sign to continue."Harry, your mother and supposed father, James Potter, were killed when you were a little over a year old. The original theory is that a man named Lord Voldemort killed them to get to you. Why he chose you, I do not feel as if you should know yet, since you are only 11. Albus Dumbledore, who is headmaster of Hogwarts, knew that the Potter's were in danger, so they went into hiding, and they needed a Secret Keeper.""Aunt and Uncle told me my parents died in a car crash."Severus was finding it harder and harder to control his temper when he learned new things about the Dursleys. He was about to respond when Harry spoke up."What's a secret keeper?" Harry asked."A secret keeper is someone who is the sole person who knows of a location in hiding. The secret keeper is someone the people, in this case, the Potters, trusted with their life. The Potter's had chosen Sirius Black, who is currently in Azkaban, the wizard prison. However, Dumbledore had strongly suggested that they choose Peter Pettigrew, because Lord Voldemort was after Sirius Black.""Who are Sirius and Peter?""They were your father's two best friends at Hogwarts, aside from Remus Lupin. Dumbledore knew that Peter Pettigrew had already become attached to the Dark Lord, and yet he still pushed for Peter Pettigrew to become the Secret Keeper. Can you see where this is going, Harry?""Peter…was already loyal to Voldemort…and so he let the secret out. So, does that mean that Dumbledore betrayed my parents?""Very good, Harry. Dumbledore knew of Peter's loyalty to the Dark Lord and yet he still persuaded your mother and Potter to change their Secret Keeper. It was the Dark Lord's intentions to merely kidnap you, after I had begged him to leave your mother alone," Severus had blushed at his momentary weakness."He had promised to leave your mother alone, as long as I spied on the Order of the Phoenix for him. It was a good deal. When I heard the news that your mother was killed, I was furious, and immediately had asked for an audience with the Dark Lord, and he obliged.""Sorry to interrupt sir, why did Voldemort want to kidnap me? And what's the Order of the Phoenix?" Harry asked, slightly nervous.Severus glared at Harry. He hated being interrupted, even if it was by his own son."Sorry," Harry whispered, looking down at his hands, which were now blurry from his fresh tears. He had messed up. Again. It had barely been 24 hours and he was going to get punished with a beating."Harry, child, I'm not going to punish you, I simply hate being interrupted. I…apologize for glaring at you. Let me explain your first question and then I'll explain the second later."He waited for Harry to look him in the eye before continuing."The Dark Lord wanted to kidnap you because there was a prediction that gave him terrifying information. The Dark Lord wants power and he doesn't want to be rivaled, especially by a toddler. Unfortunately, he was forced to kill your mother and Potter and was not able to get to you. No one has seen him since, except for his Death Eaters. Many others think that he was killed, but I believe that he was simply too embarrassed to admit that he failed in his goal. That is how you were sent to the Dursley's.""But I digress. In my meeting with the Dark Lord, he showed me his memory of the night, and I could tell he was genuinely sorry about what had happened. The Dark Lord isn't bad, Harry, he just has interesting ways to go about getting what he wants. This is why I have stuck with the Dark Lord, and while I hope that you and your sister help fight alongside him, I can understand why you wouldn't. I still spy for the Dark Lord on the Order.""What's the Order? Is it the Order of the Phoenix? And what are Death Eaters?""Death Eaters are the Dark Lord's Army, followers, members who believe the same thing as the Dark Lord, while the Order of the Phoenix are Dumbledore's followers. I am a member of both, but a follower of one.""Oh, okay," said Harry. He was clearly deep in thought."I know that that was a lot. Do you have any questions?" Severus asked."No, not at the moment, sir, I just want to think, if that's okay.""Very well. Have a good night's sleep, Harry. Sleep. In. Your. Bed. You know where to find me if you need me.""Good night sir," Harry said before crawling into bed, still amazed at the fact that he could sleep in a bed.Severus nodded once before closing the door behind him as the day's events rushed into his mind. He had two biological children and one of which had been abused all his life. Severus knew that the future path would not be easy, especially now that Harry knew the truth about his past, Dumbledore, and his mother.

Hi Everyone! Here's a bit of a long chapter, but they've gone to Diagon Alley. In the next chapter, they'll meet Draco Malfoy I've averaging a chapter a week now, and I just finished writing chapter 16. Hope you all enjoy! ekrichards***I do not own Harry Potter. Some of the lines written in Ollivander's shop are taken from the book, or from the movie. I trust that you know which ones they are. I do not own those, but merely the plot of the whole story.*****Harry awoke the next morning, sighing as he opened his eyes and looked around the room. He snuggled closer to his pillow. His bed was very soft, and he didn't want to leave his bed. However, glancing at the clock, he realized how close to 8 it was. Severus had made it clear that he wasn't allowed to cook breakfast, but he was still nervous that he was supposed to and Severus was simply testing him. Harry was still pretty scared of him. He never wore anything other than black and his temper was short. Yet, Harry wondered why he had never hurt him. Severus had simply told him that he wasn't mad or that he didn't do anything wrong. He had also told him the truth about how his parents died.Severus had been nothing but honest with Harry. That was the first time that had happened and Harry was in awe. He had become very respectful of Severus last night and he knew that while it would take a long time to completely trust Severus, he knew he was honest, and that was a point in his favor.Harry headed down for breakfast, surprised to see Severus and Hermione already there. Hermione was swinging her legs and chatting with an already annoyed Severus. He only wanted to read the Daily Prophet in silence, how hard was that to achieve?With a sigh, he set down the newspaper with a little more force than he wanted to and noticed Harry walk in the door."Ah, good morning Harry. Sleep well?"Harry nodded."Sorry I'm late for breakfast, my bed was really comfortable."Severus let out a low chuckle, followed by a smirk."You are not late. I can understand why you'd want to stay in bed. Please have a seat. Breakfast will be along shortly."Harry sat down to the right of Severus right as Lucinda was hovering the waffles over to the table."Harry, Hermione, you have obviously met and interacted with Lucinda. She is a house elf, and she mostly handles people, cooking, laundry, etc. You have not yet met Bart. Bart is also a house elf, and you will not see him as often because his main duties include cleaning and outside work. Would you like to meet him?"Harry and Hermione nodded eagerly."Bart!" Severus called.With a small crack, another house elf appeared."Yes, master?" Bart asked."This is Harry and Hermione, my children. After our trip to Diagon Alley, will you show them the gardens this afternoon? I'm afraid I have an engagement with Lucius. Hermione was asking about them last night, and I'd like them to help you water the small garden and Potions ingredients garden as part of their chores today.""Yes, sir," Bart said, looking a little dejected at the fact that his work was being taken away from him."Bart, your work is not being taken away from you and I am not displeased with you," Severus said, calmly. "I simply want them to do chores, and I know that the watering is harder for you to do, and I think it would be good for the children to get time outside .""Sir knows Bart well," Bart said before disappearing with a small crack.Harry, Hermione, and Severus finished their breakfast quickly. Hermione needed to get ready for the day along with Harry, and Severus needed to shrink some clothes of his own for Harry to wear to Diagon Alley for the day before they got new ones. He refused to allow his son out in public in such disgusting things.In about an hour, all three were ready to go."Each of you must grab an arm. Do try to not fall," Severus said, snapping into his sterner façade.Severus apparated to the apparition spot right outside the brick wall in Diagon Alley. Not to his surprise, both Harry and Hermione fell."Miss Granger, are you incapable of following directions repeatedly told to you? Mr. Potter, since it is your first time apparating, I'm not surprised, but I thought that both of you would at least try to follow directions," Severus drawled.Harry's eyes immediately fell to the floor. He had disappointed him; he had messed up and now Severus was going to send him back or beat him when they got home. Hermione simply looked shocked at Severus's changed behavior. She had done nothing wrong, all she did was fall, and it was an accident! Severus rolled his eyes. It was obvious he had to keep up an appearance. He pulled them over to a corner."Honestly you two, this is an appearance. I will always be unpleasant in public. I will make it up to you later tonight with a round of Gobstones or maybe I will teach you exploding snap, which is another game."Hermione and Harry nodded, both feeling relieved that they hadn't messed up, although Harry was still very nervous at Severus's very sudden change in mood."Now, honestly, don't dawdle like toddlers in a candy store. Come," Severus snapped. "Let's get your robes. Your daily clothes as well Mr. Potter."They walked into Madam Malkin's Robe Shop and sat down, waiting to be called on. Madam Malkin noticed Severus come in and immediately came over to greet him when she had finished with her last customer."Oh, Professor, how good to see you! Your robes are still holding up well, I trust?""Indeed, Madam. I would like sets of Hogwarts robes for each of them, and a full wardrobe for Mr. Potter here," Severus drawled."Of course," she said with a nod, "Will you come here, dearie?"She gestured to Hermione to get up on the stool. A tape measurer started measuring Hermione for her size and within 10 minutes, Hermione was done and her robes, both Hogwarts and everyday, had been shrunk to fit in Severus's cloak pocket. Hermione had asked if she could wear one of her everyday cloaks. Black, of course, but it went with her jeans and lavender colored shirt. Within minutes, Harry was up on the stool, getting measured for robes, shirts, pants, shorts, winter gear, and the most embarrassing, undergarments. By the time Harry was all measured, she had already drawn up colors for Harry to choose from.Harry had chosen red, green, blue, black, and white. He had t-shirts, button downs, regular non-school robes for when he was home, khakis, jeans, black pants, and new, clean, underwear. No more holding them up by a string! Harry was so happy that he asked Severus if he could go and change into some of his new clothes. Severus obliged and he was greeted by the sight of Harry wearing jeans, a red striped t-shirt, and one of his new everyday cloaks.He had immediately thrown his old, dirty clothes away in a bin that Madam Malkin had provided for him and given his borrowed clothes back to Severus. He was very happy. The happiest he had been in a long time, actually. Severus paid for their things and ushered them out the door and down to Flourish and Blotts. The trio went on in. Severus sent them on a mission to find the books that they needed for the upcoming school year while he browsed the bookshop for new potions books and informative books on the wizarding world. He had picked up Hogwarts, A History for Hermione and Tales of Beedle the Bard for Harry. It was a bit young, but Severus had determined that Harry never got the chance to be 'young'.By the time that Hermione and Harry had gotten all of the books they needed, Severus had 20 books to buy. 2 new potions books for him, and 9 for Harry and Hermione each. Severus had the books sent back by the help of Lucinda and Bart, who each had to make 2 trips to carry the books back."Just set them on the table. I'll sort them out later," he had told them.Before getting anything else, he took Harry and Hermione to the eye healer, who had tested Harry's vision."Once the lad is full grown," the healer said. "We'll be able to fix his eyesight and he can live without glasses. For the time being, here is his prescription."Severus helped Harry pick out a set of rounded, rectangular black frames. The round wire ones had been thrown away almost immediately. Everything was clear! Harry could see everything perfectly and he'd never seen things in such detail. Aunt Petunia had simply given him these glasses to shut him up about his blurry vision as a child. She had plucked them from a thrift shop and given them to Harry, telling him to "get on with life and stop bothering her."Next, he took them to the apothecary, where they would be getting all of their potions supplies and cauldrons. He himself had run out of a few things that could not be grown in his garden, so it was necessary that he picked them up today. After they had gotten their cauldrons and basic potions, he took them off to Ollivander's. It was time for them to get their wands.As they walked into the dusty shop, Harry and Hermione glanced around the shop. It seemed rather unkept. As they peered around the shop and at the wands that were piled into the shelves, Mr. Ollivander came around the corner, startling them."Ah! Professor Snape, how are you today?""I am well. These two have come to get their wands. This is Ms. Granger and Mr. Potter," Severus said, already impatient with the man."Ah, Mr. Potter, I wondered when I'd be seeing you. And Ms. Granger, how good it is to meet you.""You as well sir," Hermione said, giving Ollivander a timid smile."Oh Merlin, get on with it!" Severus snapped."Very well," Ollivander said.He handed each of them a wand. Neither worked. He continued to give them wands of varying length, flexibility, core, and wood. Hermione was chosen by a wand quicker than Harry was, however. She had a vine wood wand with Dragon Heartstring and was 10 and ¾ inches long. The wand suited Hermione. It had emitted a soft glow and slight wind when she had held it for the first time. Hermione was quite content, as it was the first wand that hadn't shattered anything in Mr. Ollivander's office.No wand seemed to suit Harry, though. Severus could tell that he was getting a bit discouraged the longer he was at it. Finally, Ollivander stared at the boy, muttering under his breath before returning with a wand. This wand looked vaguely familiar to Severus, but he couldn't place his finger on where he'd seen it before."Here, Mr. Potter; Holly, Phoenix feather, 11 inches. Give it a wave."The minute Harry had the wand in his hand, the atmosphere in the small room changed. The tip of the wand began to emit light and wind began to blow, harder than it did with Hermione. Clearly, this was Harry's wand."Curious…" Mr. Ollivander muttered."I'm sorry, what exactly is curious?" Harry asked."I remember every wand I've ever sold Mr. Potter. You see, this wand has a brother. It is curious that this wand is destined for you, when its brother gave you that scar."Mr. Ollivander's chilling voice had made Harry nervous. Severus took this as his cue to pay and leave the shop.Harry and Hermione were excitedly talking about their new wands as they walked down Diagon Alley. He quickly got their attention and ushered them into the pet shop."Pick a pet of your choosing. This will be your birthday present from me, Harry and Hermione. I can assure you that owls are the best companions and are very useful. A toad is useless so I will not allow you to get that. A cat…" he hesitated, "has its uses, I suppose."Harry and Hermione nodded as they spread out around the pet shop. Severus needed to pick up some treats and food for his own owl, Odette. She was a Snowy Owl with splashes of grey and black all over her feathers. He found the name appropriate for her, as she was sweet to him, but to anyone who was rude to Severus, it was typical that she would nip them and scratch them rather harshly.Meanwhile, a pure white Snowy Owl had caught Harry's eye. She was absolutely gorgeous and took Harry's breath away. She was the only one like it in the shop, and Harry was already quite taken with her. Harry's green eyes had met amber ones, and Harry knew that she would be the best companion possible for him to have at school.Hermione, however, was struggling to find an owl that she felt she could bond with. All of the barn owls sat and stared at her, hooting as she went along. She had almost rounded the store and given up when she noticed a beautiful brown and white spotted owl in the corner. That owl was unique. It was not hooting at her, but simply watching her with interest as the time went on. The white seemed to freckle its brown feathers perfectly. Hermione asked for a store attendant to lower the cage for her. Once the cage was at eye level, Hermione opened the cage and tentatively petted the owl's feathers. She had noticed the owl began to relax a little, and Hermione seemed to befriend the owl almost immediately. She and Harry locked eyes and brought the owl cages over to their father."I like this one, Severus. I like her and she likes me. Well, I hope that it's a she," Hermione said with a small giggle."This one is unique," said Harry, smiling at the owl, "I like her. Are you sure it's okay if I get her? I don't want to be a burden on you.""Yes, it is perfectly alright. I wanted you to get pets that you bonded with. I already got them their food and treats. Now put them on the counter so I can pay for them," Severus said, suppressing a small smile.Once the owls were paid for, Severus sent the owls home, shrinking their cages, after he knew they were going to go to Prince Manor. Severus checked his pocket watch. It was almost noon."We are going to eat at the Leaky Cauldron before we go to Gringotts, the bank," Severus said, "I will then take back to the Manor. You still have your chores to do, I believe."Lunch and the trip to Gringotts did not take long. Severus had opened accounts for each of his children, and put 5 galleons in each to start them off. He knew that the Potter's had a bank account that Harry had inherited, but he did not have the key nor the proper identification to get it opened. He meant for these to be their accounts that they would receive once they graduated from Hogwarts, so they would not be completely moneyless when they left school. Their allowance would go in their vaults as well. Soon, after getting Harry and Hermione to sit down and relieve their headaches from the Gringotts carts, they were ready to head back to the manor. As they exited Diagon Alley, Harry turned around to look at it one last time before they disapparated back to the manor."Magic is really cool, sir," Harry said, glancing up at Severus."I'm glad you think so. Now grab my arm. We do not have time for idle chit chat," Severus said, glancing apologetically at Harry.Severus disapparated. Amazingly, Hermione managed to stay on her feet this time, yet Harry fell again."Sorry, sir," Harry mumbled."That's alright," Severus said, "I want to apologize for my attitude in Diagon Alley. In school, I keep up the appearance of a cold-hearted dungeon bat who hates people. Imagine if a student was in Diagon Alley and they saw me being nice. Oh, the rumors.""That's okay, Severus," Harry said, still feeling like he had messed up somehow, and Hermione nodded in agreement."Why don't you two go see if your owls arrived and try to come up with names for them," Severus said, relieved that they weren't scared or angry with him, although he could see the tension in Harry's shoulders and eyes. "I myself need to send an owl to my friend, Lucius. I want to see if his son will come over on Thursday and join us in our trip to Hogwarts."

Hey everyone!Posting this a bit early today so I don't forget later on. Enjoy! R&R please!Also, I'm looking for a beta reader. I want to have one or two people who I think I can trust to not release my story or steal it. They would have the option to make comments/suggestions for already written chapters, fix grammatical/spelling errors, and they would be able to come up with ideas that I would use to write later in the story. I will do a little mini-interview over private messaging with anyone who wants the opportunity. This kind of a first-come-first serve situation, but I also want to get to know you before I make any decisions on a reader. I will make the decision by next Friday. Cheers,ekrichards***I do not own Harry Potter, just this version of the plot***Harry and Hermione were sitting in the living room reading the books that Severus had gotten them on their trip to Diagon Alley two days ago. They were both deeply immersed as they waited for Lucius Malfoy and his son Draco to come over. Severus had told them that they were to be arriving by floo, which meant that they were going to travel fireplace to fireplace. This had rather concerned both of them until their father had told them it was harmless.Severus was sitting absentmindedly in his chair by the fire, stroking his owl and sipping his tea. He had no idea how Lucius would be towards his children and he was quite nervous about Lucius meeting them. Lucius typically hated muggleborns, but hopefully…All of a sudden, the fire turned a bright green and shot up the chimney. Hermione screamed, but then realized that this must be the floo activating as two blond haired people stepped into the room."Ah Severus, how good to see you again!" Lucius said, walking forward and shaking Severus's hand."The pleasure is all mine," Severus said. "May I introduce my children, Harry and Hermione?"Lucius raised an eyebrow at 'my children' but said nothing."Ah, what dears they seem to be! Your daughter is very pretty! May I kiss your hand, madam?"Lucious was a man who was quite the charmer. In public, he had to keep up his reputation and appearance of being cold-hearted and dark, but in private, he was a fun loving and charming man. He just wanted to make people smile.Hermione giggled and nodded. Lucius gently kissed Hermione's knuckles with a small bow before releasing them and turning to Harry."Ah, what a charming young lad. How about a handshake, Harry?" Lucius said.Harry held out his hand and Lucius shook it."Harry, Hermione, this is my son Draco. He will be going to school with you this fall. I trust that you all will be good friends throughout your endeavors in school," Lucius said, ushering Draco forward to meet Harry and Hermione.Draco walked forward before giving a silent wave to the two black haired kids in the room."Harry, Hermione, why don't you take Draco to the library and perhaps take him to meet your owls? I'd like to talk with my old friend in private for a while," Severus said, both eager and nervous to talk with Lucius.Hermione nodded eagerly. "Come on, Draco! I want to show you my owl. Her name is Athena."The three children walked out of the room."So, Severus. Your children?" Lucius asked almost immediately after they had left the room."Yes, Lucius. It turns out that my affair with Lily produced two children. Hermione had glamour charms over her almost her entire life, but Harry had always looked like that," Severus said. "Tea, Lucius?""Yes, please. You know, I'm surprised that Lily never told you about them. She was quite fond of you. Do Hermione and Harry know the truth about that night and what happened?" Lucius asked, taking his cup."Yes, of course. I told them within the first two nights of being here. They know that my loyalty rests with the Dark Lord. I hope they will fight alongside me when the second war hits," Severus said, sighing."Speaking of the Dark Lord, when are you going to tell him about your two children?""I was actually going to request an audience with him early next week. I want the children to meet him before they go to Hogwarts, especially Harry. I also need to figure out if it would be good for them to change their last names to mine or keep their own. I don't want Hermione to deal with the pressure of technically being a muggleborn, and Harry with being the Boy who Lived, but I don't want Dumbledore to know that they are mine. Knowing the manipulative old coot, he'd do anything to get them on his side."Lucius nodded in understanding. "Perhaps you could talk to the Dark Lord about it next week. He would know what to do about it.""Very true, Lucius. So, what do you think of them?" Severus asked, leaning forward.Lucius chuckled. "They both seem very quiet and reserved, but they also seem very nice. I hope that they will be good friends with Draco.""I can assure you that they will be. I can also keep an eye on Draco for you this year, if you would like.""Mother, Father, and I went to Diagon Alley last week to get all my things. I really am enjoying my wand, even though Father says I'm not allowed to use it," Draco said, pouting."Aw, I'm sorry Draco," Harry said. He was enjoying Draco's company."So, what houses do you think you guys will be in? Father says it would be a shame if I weren't in Slytherin, but it's the best house, so I have to agree," Draco said.Hermione jumped in. "I feel like Slytherin or Ravenclaw will be what I'm put in. Severus was in Slytherin and he told me that family members typically get put in the same house, but I do love my books and learning. I think that either would be alright.""I feel like I could end up in anything but Hufflepuff. I want to be in Slytherin or Ravenclaw though. The stories that Severus has told me about the Gryffindors…" Harry trailed off, shuddering. "They seem like a bunch of bullies.""Uncle Sev is the Head of Slytherin House you know?""Oh yes, he told us. Imagine, having your father as your head of house. You could get into so much trouble, but also get out of a lot," Hermione said, which made Harry nod in agreement. "But can we promise to remain friends no matter what house we're sorted into?"Draco and Harry nodded."I like you, Draco. You seem very down to Earth. I'm really glad we can be friends," Harry said.It was then that Severus and Lucius walked in, and both were smirking at the trio who were sitting on the floor surrounded by Hedwig, Harry's owl, Athena, Hermione's owl, and each of their wands. Clearly, they had been discussing them."Alright you three, get up. It is time to go to Hogwarts."Severus was amused. The three most unlikely children to be friends were now getting along splendidly."Yes, sir," the group chorused, gathering their wands and getting up."We will be traveling by floo into my private quarters at Hogwarts. Draco, as you know how to floo, you will go first. Say 'Severus Snape's quarters – Hogwarts', understood?"Draco nodded and grabbed a handful of floo powder."Severus Snape's quarters – Hogwarts!" Draco said, before disappearing in green flames with a whoosh.Harry and Hermione glanced at Severus nervously."You expect us to do what?" Harry asked."Don't worry, Harry, it doesn't hurt. Just speak clearly.""Okay…" Harry said, before stepping into the fireplace, and grabbing floo powder."Severus Snape's quarters – Hogwarts," Harry said, obviously unsure.With a whoosh, Harry disappeared."Hermione, your turn," Severus said.When Hermione, Severus, Draco, and Harry had all arrived in Severus's quarters safely, Severus gave them a tour of his private rooms. The rooms were mainly green and white. Severus explained that his rooms, along with the Slytherin Common Room, were in the Dungeons below the Black Lake. One of the walls was simply glass, which gave a view of the creatures and the water in the lake. The sunlight casting through the water gave an almost eerie green glow into the main room, which held the kitchen, the dining room, and the living room. From that main, L-shaped room, a hallway led back to 3 bedrooms (2 had been added recently for Hermione and Harry), a bathroom, and Severus's personal study and lab."Draco, you are welcome any time in my chambers. Same to you two," he said, nodding to Harry and Hermione. "The password, which you will give to the portrait of the snake that surrounds my door, is 'Half-Blood Prince'.""Let me show you the door to the Slytherin Common room, and the room itself."The Slytherin Common room was very similar. There were strips of glass showing the sunlight shining through the lake in between bookshelves that were crammed with books. A fire was roaring on one side of the room, with comfortable couches and armchairs. There were tables scattered around the room. "Study tables for group sessions," Severus had told them, seeming amused."Come, I will show you the rest of the castle," Severus said.Severus showed them around the castle, showing them the Great Hall, the Potions, Transfiguration, and Charms Classroom. They had come across Professor Sprout, who had greeted them warmly and shown them the greenhouses and the Hufflepuff Common Room. It was really quite cozy, since it was near the kitchens. There were soft, plushy chairs sitting around a roaring fire, with tables that were also sitting around.Unfortunately, those were the only two common rooms that they were able to see. The quartet was wandering around the castle, while Severus was pointing out random rooms that would be important for them to remember. Hermione had begun to bother Severus about 'where on earth' the library was. Once they had reached the library, Severus regretted it. It took over half an hour to pull Hermione away from the library.Draco, Hermione, and Harry were now running around the courtyard and the grounds outside of Hogwarts, as Severus was deep in conversation with Professor McGonagall."You have yourself a handful, Severus," Minerva said."Oh, yes indeed I do. Mr. Potter was abused by his Aunt and Uncle before he came to me, and Ms. Granger is simply a huge bookworm. It took over half an hour to pull her away from the library this afternoon," Severus said."Abused, Severus?" Minerva was startled. "You need to take the boy to Poppy. She should check over any injuries that he has or has had that have never really healed. It's important.""Yes, Minerva, thank you for telling me how to raise my ward," Severus drawled sarcastically."Well, Severus, you aren't exactly father material. You aren't the most pleasant person alive," Minerva said apologetically. "I myself needed a few weeks to get used to my own wards.""Ah yes, this past week with them has made me forget about that blasted law. Are they going to come to Hogwarts this year or are they too young?""No, sadly not," sighed Minerva. "They will be going here in 2-years-time, though. So, when your two will be 3rd years.""Ah, I see. Minerva, I hate to pull away, but I really do need to visit Poppy. Plus, I have potions to replenish her stock down in my chambers.""Of course, Severus. See you at the start of term!"Severus merely nodded and called the trio to him."Mr. Potter, you must follow directions," Severus snapped. "Lay down on the bed and let her examine you."Severus had left Hermione and Draco with Professor Flitwick, who was teaching a very eager Hermione the lumos charm. Draco had joined in as well, but he wasn't as eager as Hermione was. He figured leaving the other two with someone else would help save Harry the embarrassment of having an examination with Poppy."Don't worry dear, it's just a wave of the wand," Poppy reassured Harry, "You won't feel any pain."Harry shook his head, crossing his arms."I won't lay down, all you will do is poke me and tell me even more things that are wrong with me," Harry said, sounding a bit panicky."Potter if you do not lay down this instant, I will make you lay down, and it will not be pleasant," Severus sneered.Harry immediately laid down, not wanting to deal with Severus's wrath. Poppy waved her wand over Harry as the piece of parchment beside her began to fill up with various conditions and improperly healed bones. Every single injury that Harry had received from his aunt and uncle were written on the piece of parchment. Poppy gasped."Severus," she murmured. "This list is quite extensive. Can we talk in private?"Severus nodded, focusing on not letting his despair show. He followed her into her office, but not before telling Harry to stay put."Severus, this poor child has suffered several broken ribs, a broken wrist, and several broken toes that have never healed properly. There have been harsh burns and cuts, not to mention the ones that you've already healed! This boy has been through the ringer, Severus. He's going to need a lot of your attention for the time being. You know this won't be easy. I want you to take a bottle of skele-gro. Those bones need to be reformed tonight. I want to see him in again on the first day of term," Madam Pomfrey said, shaking her head in disbelief."Very well, Poppy. I shall inform you on how he is doing in the next few days. I want to work on him being able to open up with me and trust me," Severus said."Do you mind if I leave you two here? I need to have a word with the headmaster," Poppy said, her anger evident."Not at all. I will see you at the start of term," Severus said before sweeping out of the room to fetch his charge.

Hey everyone. I'm sorry not posting yesterday, as I had to move into my dorm room. The call for beta readers is still out!Thank you.I do not own HP, just this version of the plot. Nearly a week had passed since Harry and Hermione had been taken under Severus's wing. Hermione was sending owls to Mr. and Mrs. Granger nearly every day. She had wanted to keep in touch a lot and she missed them. They had promised to meet her at King's Cross Station when she left for school, however, and she was thrilled about that. Hermione had already read through all her course books once and was starting through them a second time. She had also perfected the lumos charm the same day that they had visited Hogwarts. She had really enjoyed the charms and spells book that she had gotten, and found herself looking through the library for similar books often.Harry's time at the manor was a bit rockier. It was hard for him to open up to Severus. The first few nights he had been scared of angering Severus and being beaten or being sent back to the Dursleys and being beaten. However, Severus had understood that and gently coaxed Harry into discussing things about the Dursleys in length, often for over an hour before bed. He had told Severus of how he had always been left with Mrs. Figg while the Durlsey's went on lavish vacations. He had been opening up to Severus every night, but the nightmares that he had been having were continuing. He had talked with Severus about them one morning at 3 am after he had woken up screaming. After this, Harry had found himself waking Severus up almost every night. He was scared to fall back asleep after his nightmares, and the more he talked about them, the less they were occurring. He was averaging 1 or 2 a night now, instead of the 3 or 4. Harry was proud of himself. He no longer woke up panicking that he had to make breakfast, and was getting used to sleeping in an actual bed. He had become really good at Gobstones and had nearly won every game he played with Hermione or Severus.Like Hermione, he had read through all of his course books. He had enjoyed Defense against the Dark Arts and Potions, surprisingly. Severus had taken them down to his potions lab and had showed them the basics. How to cut, crush, slice, dice, etc. Severus has shown them the easiest way to light a fire beneath the cauldron and the easiest thing to put in any potion to neutralize it: water. Water weakened the potion enough to make it safe if anything went wrong.Harry and Hermione were quickly becoming good friends and siblings. They often spent their days walking outside or reading books. Harry had been able to talk more freely with Hermione rather than Severus, and he had accidentally let some parts of his past slip to her when they were talking. Hermione, however, was happy that Harry trusted her. She let him talk at his own pace.When Severus has approached them the other day and told them that they were to meet the Dark Lord, they had immediately become very nervous. Neither of them were sure how Lord Voldemort would treat them, and frankly, he seemed even more intimidating than Severus. Today was the day they were going to floo to Riddle Manor to meet him. Harry and Hermione sat in the living room, waiting for Severus to meet them so they could leave at 11:00 in the morning. Harry was dressed in a black cloak and a green button down shirt and black pants while Hermione was dressed in a floor length black skirt and a light blue shirt. She too had a black cloak on. Severus arrived in the room. He was wearing his silver mask and was dressed in all black. He told them earlier that it was his uniform as a Death Eater and unless stated otherwise, it was wise to wear the Death Eater robes when meeting the Dark Lord."Are you ready to go, children?" Severus said, his voice like stone.Harry and Hermione nodded."I will go first through the floo, then Harry, and then Hermione. I don't want you coming into a strange house by yourself. We will then be ushered to the Dark Lord. Be on your best behavior. Don't speak unless spoken to. Call him My Lord. Do as we discussed," Severus said shortly.Severus stepped into the fireplace after grabbing a handful of floo powder."Riddle Manor," Severus said before disappearing in a flash of green fire.Once the fire had disappeared, Harry went next. Finally Hermione followed.The trio got their bearing inside the strange manor as they waited. Severus was unsure of how they would be meeting the Dark Lord, but he quickly got his answer as a house elf appeared with a crack."Come, Master will see you now," the house elf croaked, leading them out of the room.Severus, Hermione, and Harry followed the house elf out of the room and down the hallway. He brought them to a door and opened it."This is the drawing room, sirs and lady. Master is by the fire," the house elf said before leaving.Severus saw Voldemort and beckoned the children to follow him. He stopped in front of him, bowing as he did so. Harry gazed at Voldemort. He had red eyes and his skin was grey. Harry could clearly see the veins that criss crossed on his bald head. He was wearing black robes and there was a snake resting beside his armchair by the fire. There was a pile of books beside him, and they all seemed to deal with the Dark Arts."My Lord," Severus said, not moving from his bow."Severus," the man hissed. "Take off your mask and have a seat.""You are most generous, My Lord," Severus said as he complied with his instructions.To Harry and Hermione, it was weird to see Severus so submissive."Severus, why have you requested an audience, and who are these two?" He asked. Voldemort knew who the boy was, Harry Potter of course."My Lord, I am the guardian of Harry Potter and Hermione Granger. Fortunately, they are both Lily Potter's and my children. My affair with her produced them. They were both raised as muggleborns. I had requested an audience with you to ask if I should allow them to change their last name to Snape," Severus said.Voldemort gave a high, harsh laugh. Harry had to urge to step back, but remembering Severus's instructions before leaving, he stayed put."How odd is it that your son is Harry Potter, the bane of my existence? How odd is it that you managed to adopt both of your biological children?" Voldemort said with a smirk."My Lord, I don't know, but they are well aware of my allegiance to you, they know the truth," Severus said, holding his breath."Hermione, was it?" Hermione nodded. "Come here, girl."Hermione tentatively stepped forward, but not before sparing a glance at her father. He didn't make eye contact with her. He too was nervous, although he didn't show it. His face was like stone as he stared at Voldemort."You are very young," Voldemort said, standing up and walking around her. "I don't want to force you over to our side, but if my spy is telling the truth and you know the truth, you will inevitably fight alongside me."Hermione nodded. "Yes, sir. He explained why muggleborns displease you. I can understand that.""Ah yes. 90% of them often leave the wizarding world after they finish schooling and are never seen again, wasting valuable education and resources the wizarding world provides for them. That angers me," Voldemort said, moving to stand in front of the fire, facing them. It gave him an even eerier look."I am planning a mass breakout from Azkaban in a few weeks time. I want you to start training with my only female Death Eater, Bellatrix Lestrange. She and your father will train you well," Voldemort said, looking at Hermione with interest. "You seem very intelligent. Your mind, like your father's, will be useful to the cause.""Harry Potter. The boy who lived. Come here," Voldemort said, as red eyes met green.Harry walked forward."You have managed to escape me for so long," Voldemort said, his eyes not moving from Harry's. "Congratulations. However, like your sister, it won't be too long before you will fight alongside me. I can tell from a small glimpse into your mind that you are and will be very powerful. I understand that you have been abused and Severus is helping you?"Harry nodded."Very good. After my mass breakout from Azkaban, I want you to start training with Severus. During your holidays, you will train with me as well. I will teach you spells that you will not learn in school. You will also duel with me," he spoke to the two of them now. "I recognize that you both are 11 and that you are young. However, if we want to take down Dumbledore and push our agenda, you must start training as you are vital to our cause. In school I want you to be inconspicuous. Act like you are on their side. Do not let the fool suspect you. Am I clear?""Yes, sir," Harry and Hermione said in unison."Now leave us. I must talk with Severus," Voldemort hissed.Harry and Hermione left the room, glancing at Severus. He looked impassive, but nodded at them to leave. They left the drawing room quickly, shutting the door behind them and standing by it."So, that was nerve wracking," Hermione said with a nervous giggle.Harry only nodded. Meanwhile, Voldemort had simply stared in the fire as they left."I am displeased with you Severus.""My lord?" Severus asked. He was displeased. This wasn't good."You didn't tell me you had Harry Potter under your roof. I would have thought that my trusty spy would have immediately told me that he had been instructed by Dumbledore to adopt the boy.""My Lord, if I may explain," Severus paused, waiting for a signal to continue.Voldemort turned, staring at Severus."The night I had gotten Harry he had been abused, and I needed to take care of him before his cuts got infected. I've been working with him to try to get him to trust me, My Lord. Forgive me, but imagine the boy's feelings. He barely trusted me the first night, how could I bring him to someone he thought had purposefully killed his parents," Severus said. He was trying to make it seem like a mistake that anyone could make."You lie," Voldemort said as he came closer to his spy."My Lord, it never crossed my mind, I was focused on caring for the boy, I apologize," Severus said, but he knew what was coming."If you are as faithful as you claim you are, you would have told your master before going to get the boy who you thought was the son of a man you hated. Crucio!"Severus fell to his knees, gasping in pain. His insides felt like they were writhing as he felt stabbing pain all over his body. The curse only lasted about a minute. Maybe Voldemort was feeling generous today."Get up, you fool," Voldemort snapped."I'm sorry, My Lord, I am truly faithful to you and your cause. I won't make the mistake again," Severus said, breathing heavily."I trust that you won't. You rarely displease me, Severus, which is why I released it quickly. I am simply displeased that it took you a week to tell me that you had Harry Potter," Voldemort said, looking at the disappointed man in front of him."I understand your displeasure with me, My Lord. I will be better next time," Severus said, bowing his head."Take your seat, Severus, we have much to discuss," Voldemort said.Severus left his meeting with Voldemort nearly a half an hour later. The aftershocks of the Cruciatus curse were still hitting him, and he shook slightly with each one. He was still struggling to control his face when the aftershocks hit, as he was rarely the target of Voldemort's anger. He had only been hit with it 5 or 6 times, and in the 10 years that he had served him, that was almost unheard of. There was no denying that the Dark Lord could be cruel, even as much as Severus supported him.However, he just wanted to go home to his bed and sleep the curse off. He knew that he had displeased Voldemort and he felt that he deserved it. He should have told Voldemort that he was going to adopt Harry immediately, or at least mentioned that he was and requested an audience with him to explain further. Severus felt that Harry shouldn't have met the Dark Lord any earlier though.In the end, Voldemort told Severus to not change their last names. It would make Dumbledore too suspicious of the truth, and Dumbledore would be more likely to find out and then do something to him, Harry, or Hermione. Severus had conceded to this reasoning and agreed. Hermione Granger and Harry Potter would be his biological children in secret only.Severus had flooed back to the manor after the children and sent them to the library to read their course books and to work on using a quill on parchment. He had told them that he would be in his room and that he needed some time alone to figure things out. Luckily, no one bothered him for the rest of the afternoon and he took a much deserved nap.

Rest in peace Ruth Bader Ginsburg. I don't own Harry Potter.Today was the day that they were going to head to Hogwarts. The last few weeks had passed quickly for Harry and Hermione. They were getting along wonderfully, and it was as if they had been living together all of their lives. Draco had already come over a few times and although Draco was typically a stuck-up snob to everyone, Harry and Hermione's presence had softened him a little bit. He could still be quite rude and condescending, but he was getting easier to talk to.They were currently about to leave to go to King's Cross Station to meet Hermione's parents and the Malfoys. It was 10:30. Severus was standing impatiently by the front door. They had been ready to go 5 minutes ago...but then Hermione forgot the cloak that she was going to wear on the train. Then Harry forgot his owl treats."Harry Potter, I'm leaving in one minute if you do not get down here!" Severus bellowed up the stairs, startling Hermione, since he had been silent for the last 5 minutes.Harry dashed down the stairs, breathing hard."Here, Severus," Harry said, breathing heavily and putting the treats in his trunk.Severus shrunk the trunk and placed it in his pocket. He held out his arm."I will be quite short at the station. Do not take it personally. Now hold onto my arms and do not embarrass me by falling," Severus said.They quickly grabbed onto his arms, and he apparated. Neither child fell, and Severus was pleased. They found themselves in an alleyway next to King's Cross. He grabbed their arms and pushed them towards the station. He muttered directions to them as they went along. Eventually, they got to a barrier between platforms 9 and 10 where they found the Granger's standing there."Mum! Daddy!" Hermione said, running towards them.Severus rolled his eyes, although he felt a pang in his chest. He was Hermione's father, he secretly wanted that title to be his. However, he pushed his emotions down and shook his head. In reality, this was a trick to get the Granger's on the platform. Hermione would run at them and push them through the brick wall to get to Platform 9 ¾. This trick had worked. The Grangers and his daughter had gotten onto the platform without issue and without anyone noticing. Once Hermione and her parents were through, Severus began walking with Harry, appearing deep in conversation. Severus stopped at the barrier, placing his hand on it and using his other hand to help express the nonsense he was muttering to Harry. He glanced quickly around the platform, making sure that no muggles were watching as he pushed Harry through the barrier and followed quickly behind him.At last, the scarlett engine was sitting there, steam rising from it. Harry's mouth dropped open."Don't stand there gawping like a fish, Potter. Move away from the barrier and I'll unshrink your trunk and Hermione will help you get it on the train," Severus snapped.Harry's mouth clamped shut as he turned toward Severus. Severus took out his and Hermione's trunks and enlarged them to normal size. Harry glanced nervously at Hermione. He didn't want to interrupt the happy moment that they were having. Severus looked at Harry and seemed to understand his dilemma. There was a look of jealousy crossing Harry's face. Severus understood why. Harry didn't have a family to send him off like the Granger's for Hermione. Instead, his father had to act cold and distant towards him, when he'd rather do anything but that."Granger," Severus drawled. "Can you pull yourself away for a minute to get your trunk on the train?""Yes, sir," Hermione squeaked, then whispered to her parents, "Don't worry he's never like this when he's at the Manor."Hermione and Harry carried each of their trunks onto the train and into an empty compartment. They quickly spotted Draco and although they didn't wave at him, he nodded his head at them, acknowledging that he saw them and he planned to sit with them. His trunk and owl were on a trolley, which had been taken"Draco, do try to stop associating with filth," he drawled before stepping over to Severus.Hermione, Harry, and Draco all lugged Draco's trunk up to the compartment they were planning on sharing. Hermione raced out to her parents again, hugging them and promising to write letters. Draco was conversing with his father about classes. Harry was standing silently and awkwardly by Severus. Soon, it was time for Harry to board the train for good. The train was leaving in ten minutes. Severus turned to Harry."There is a surprise in each of your trunks waiting for you. You can use it to get a little snack on the train ride over to Hogwarts. I must take my leave now, as I have to be at Hogwarts at noon. Do behave yourself on the train. I do not want a report of you misbehaving. Am I clear?""Crystal clear, sir. I'll see you at Hogwarts," Harry said, before watching his dad turn towards Hermione to say the same thing.Harry climbed onto the train as he made eye contact with Severus. Severus winked and gave a short nod before disappearing through the wall. Hermione, who had finally said goodbye to her parents, climbed aboard the train. Draco joined them shortly after. Hermione had stuck her head out the window, waving goodbye to her parents while Draco and Harry shut the compartment door and got comfortable. It was a long train ride up to Hogwarts, so Draco immediately pulled out Exploding Snap and a Chocolate Frog for each of them."Father gave them to me to share with you," Draco said.Hermione opted out of playing Exploding Snap and instead brought out Hogwarts, A History to read. She was on her 5th time through the book, but she found it so interesting that she didn't mind reading it over and over again. Little did she know that Severus was pleased that she was reading the book so much."Ugh, I got Dumbledore again," Harry said, attempting to be funny. "Oh look. Blah blah blah he's old. Blah blah blah he's worked with another old person. Blah blah blah another old person is famous because he made the Elixir of Life."Hermione giggled."Harry you may not like him, but you gotta admit he's done some great things," Hermione said, still giggling.Harry opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by a witch with a Trolley full of sweets down the compartment. Harry scrambled up and got Bertie Botts Every Flavor beans and a pack of licorice wands. Hermione politely asked for a pumpkin pasty and thanked her for it. Draco had managed to pick up yet another Chocolate frog and a cauldron cake. They thanked the trolley witch profusely as she shut their door and moved to the next compartment. They were enjoying their sweets and laughing and talking when the door to their compartment suddenly opened. Standing there was a tall, gangly, red haired kid with two other boys behind him."Hi," Hermione said tentatively."Hi," said the boy. "I'm Ron Weasley. This is Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnegan. We want to get sorted into Gryffindor. The best house, obviously. Who are you? What houses do you want to be in? Maybe we can be friends""I'm Hermione Granger. I found out I was a witch a month ago and I'm really quite interested in everything in the wizarding world. I've been reading Hogwarts, A History and I've read everything there is to know about the Hogwarts houses. I don't think I could fit into Hufflepuff. Maybe Ravenclaw or Slytherin. I don't think I'm courageous enough to be in Gryffindor. I love my books and I am very resourceful. ""Uh-huh," Ron grunted, not seeming very interested. "Who're you two? What houses?""Harry Potter," Harry said, raising his hand. "And probably Slytherin or Gryffindor.""Malfoy," Draco said with a smirk. "Draco Malfoy. And definitely Slytherin."Ron sniggered."You know Harry, I'm surprised that you're hanging out with these two. The Boy who lived deserves to be friends with better people than this. A know-it-all muggleborn who creepily knows too much about our world. And a Malfoy, who will treat you like the scum on his shoe like he does to anyone who isn't a pureblood. And I'm surprised that the muggleborn is hanging out with Malfoy. Called her a mudblood yet Malfoy?" Ron said, as Hermione looked down at the floor.Hermione's head snapped up. Draco's brow crinkled in fury as Hermione and Harry gasped. Hermione was gripping her book so hard that her knuckles were turning white. Tension was hanging in the air. Hermione wanted to speak but didn't want to make matters worse for herself"For your information, Weasley," Harry snapped. "These two have been my closest friends for the past month and they have been nothing but nice to me. And second of all, you are treating them like scum on the bottom of your shoe, when the worst they have done to me is beat me at Gobstones."Ronald Weasley raised an eyebrow. "We'll see what happens when you get sorted into Gryffindor like me. Then you'll come running back to me and begging me to be your friend when those two abandon you.""Oh, boo hoo," Hermione sneered, looking oddly like Severus. "Our lives, our choices. And our choice is for you to leave."Hermione pushed them out of the compartment. Ron shrugged his shoulders, smirked, and started walking away."You'll regret this, Granger," Ron said, turning back around to face Hermione."You've got dirt on your nose by the way, Weasley, did you know?" Hermione yelled down the corridor.Hermione slammed the compartment door closed behind her as she re-entered."Damn, Hermione," Malfoy said, a shocked expression on his face. "Remind me to never make you mad.""Never make me mad, Draco," Hermione replied with a smirk.They had decided to change into their Hogwarts robes shortly after. Hermione had made certain that the boys were dressed properly and weren't slacking on their uniforms' appearance. The remainder of the trip was uneventful, except for the loud pops that were coming from the floor where Draco and Harry were playing Exploding Snap and rumpling their robes. Before long, they had arrived at the Hogsmeade station and people were filing out of the train."Do we leave our trunks?" Hermione asked, unsure.Draco nodded."The train attendants get them off the train and onto some carriages where they go up to the school and house elves take them to Hogwarts and to our new rooms. Really Hermione, I would've expected you to know this," he said teasingly."Oh, shut it," Hermione said. "Where are we supposed to go now, exactly?She had her answer before Draco could open his mouth."First years! O'er 'ere!" A loud booming voice called.Harry, Hermione, and Draco turned in the direction of the voice. Standing there with a bright lantern was a very, very tall man. He was at least 11 feet tall and had a scraggly beard and long tangled, bushy hair. Hermione's and Harry's mouth dropped open."How is he…" Hermione said."...so tall," Harry finished.Draco smirked. "Honestly you two. It's not polite to stare."The trio walked over to the large man, who they found to be called Hagrid, patiently waiting for instructions. Ron Weasley, however, was walking around and talking to various people. His tie wasn't tied and his shirt was untucked. His robes were not fastened either and the smudge of dirt remained on his nose. Draco leaned over to Hermione and whispered in her ear."He's such a mess, aren't you glad you're friends with more put together people?"Hermione nodded. Soon, Hagrid led them over to the boats, telling them that only 4 could fit in a boat. Hermione, Harry, and Draco all got in the same boat. The fourth person who fell into their boat and had been clumsy the entire walk down to the lake, was a boy named Neville Longbottom. Neville seemed pretty nervous as they crossed the lake, and Draco, who had been sitting next to him, had to grab onto his sleeve 3 or 4 times so he wouldn't tip the boat and put them all in the lake.Their first glimpse of Hogwarts was absolutely breathtaking. Sitting on top of a stone hill was a large castle. It's towers were raised high on top of the castle, and the stained glass windows were shimmering in the moonlight. The lake was calm as the large group of first years crossed it. The first years were talking excitedly in their boats, and together as a group when they exited the boats. Time seemed to be moving quickly for them all. They were so enthralled by the castle, that it didn't register that they were actually inside it. As they made their way up a large set of stairs, they were met by a severe looking witch with a pointed hat."Welcome to Hogwarts!" Professor McGonagall said, smiling.

Hi all,Obviously some of this stuff is from the book. JK Rowling owns that. I own the rest of the plot. Still looking for beta readers. Some of you will hate me for this decision about their houses, but I really hope that you'll like the story regardless. ekrichards"The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, you house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room," Professor McGonagall paused, looking around the entryway."The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rule breaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours," she continued."The Sorting Ceremony will take place momentarily. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting," she said, glancing at Harry, Hermione, and Draco and nodding at them before turning and exiting through the door.The large group of incoming students started whispering nervously to each other, only to be interrupted by a group of ghosts that rose through the floor and entered through the walls. This caused several people to jump, including Hermione. Some of them screamed. Nearby Ron was whispering to his buddies."I wonder what the test is, and how hard it is," Ron said.Hermione laughed."All you do is literally put a hat on your head and it sorts you," she said under her breath to the two boys next to her, "There is literally nothing to worry about."At that moment, Professor McGonagall returned."Follow me, please. The Sorting Ceremony is about to begin," Professor McGonagall said, as she opened the large doors for them to enter the Great Hall.The Great Hall was a sight to behold. There were hundreds of candles floating over 4 very large tables that lit the whole room. Everywhere he turned there were flashes of gold and silver from the plates, goblets, and silverware that was set at each place at the table. Overhead were four large banners which signified the house that sat at each table. Sytherin's banner was green with a silver snake, Ravenclaw's was blue with a bronze eagle. Hufflpuff had a yellow banner with a black badger and Gryffindor was a blood red banner with a golden lion on it. At the very back of the hall was a long table with who Harry presumed were the professors. He caught Severus's eye as he, Hermione, and Draco walked forward. Severus raised an eyebrow, as if asking them what they were up to. Harry gave a small smile and gazed up to where Hermione was pointing and talking to Draco.Hermione was pointing at the ceiling, which he remembered had been bewitched to look like the sky outside. At the moment, it looked like the starry night sky as it had been when they had crossed the lake no more than 20 minutes ago. Dragging his attention away from the ceiling, he noticed a stool sitting in front of the teacher's table with a large, pointed, and rather dirty hat. Very soon after the first years had stopped moving and gathered near the stool, the hat opened at a rip and began to sing."Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve and chivalry,Set Gryffindors apart;You might belong in HufflepuffWhere they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are true,And unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,If you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in Slytherin,You'll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any means,To achieve their ends.So put me on! Don't be afraid!And don't get in a flap!You're in safe hands (though I have none)For I'm a Thinking Cap!"After the Sorting Hat had finished its song, the house burst into applause. Harry tentatively joined as Professor McGonagall unrolled her scroll."As I call your name, come up to the stool, sit down, and I will place the hat on your head. After you have been sorted, you will join your house and the next person will come up," Professor McGonagall explained."Abbott, Hannah.""HUFFLEPUFF!" The hat shouted."Bones, Susan.""HUFFLEPUFF!""Boot, Terry.""RAVENCLAW!""Brocklehurst, Mandy.""RAVENCLAW!"Some students were being sorted faster than others. Some students, like Susan Bones, the sorting hat took nearly 5 minutes trying to decide where they went, whereas others, were sorted almost immediately. Draco, Harry, and Hermione were standing patiently together, wondering if they would be one of the students that took nearly 5 minutes to sort."Brown, Lavender.""GRYFFINDOR!""Bulstrode, Millicent.""SLYTHERIN!""Finch-Fletchley, Justin.""HUFFLEPUFF!""Finnegan, Seamus.""GRYFFINDOR!""Granger, Hermione."Hermione took an intake of breath. She made her way through the crowd of people, and walked up the stairs, glancing at Severus as she did so. He simply stared back at her, giving her a very slight nod as he rested his fingers on his chin. She turned and faced the rest of the hall and sat on the stool as Professor McGonagall placed the hat on her head."Mmm, Miss Granger, or should I say Snape?" The hat gave a small chuckle.Hermione wanted to roll her eyes."Not to worry dear. You've got a brilliant mind, and normally you would have been sorted into Ravenclaw. Oh yes, that's where you will thrive in your studies, but you want to prove everyone wrong about you. You don't want Gryffindor, and goodness no, you could never be in Hufflepuff. So, that leaves you Ravenclaw or Slytherin."I want to be somewhere I can be myself and where I will grow and learn the most,  Hermione thought, her nerves making her stomach feel as if it were in knots."Don't we all," the hat said in her ear. "I think I know the perfect place for you. They are rather studious, but they also take care of their own, no matter their backgrounds. I think that the best place for you is…""SLYTHERIN!" the hat shouted to the hall.Slytherin House gave a loud cheer. It was official, Hermione Granger was the first muggleborn to ever be sorted into Slytherin. Although, she wasn't really a muggleborn was she? Hermione barely recognized the remainder of the names, although she noticed Draco walk up to the platform and the hat had barely touched his head when "SLYTHERIN!" rang out into the hall. Draco walked over to the Slytherin table amongst cheers, and sat down next to Hermione as they watched the remainder of the sorting.Harry was standing awkwardly by himself, separated from the dwindling group of students next to him. He knew his turn was coming up soon but he wasn't ready for it. But, soon enough, McGonagall called his name."Potter, Harry."The hall burst out in whispers, as several of the professors, including Dumbledore leaned forward to observe the sorting. Hermione and Draco were watching him from the Slytherin table. Harry stepped forward and sat on the stool. The hat covered his eyes as a small voice began to speak."Hello, Harry. I had just spoken with your sister earlier. She had quite the dilemma as do you. Now lets see. My first instinct is to put you in Slytherin because that's where you truly belong. . However, it seems to be a tradition for the Snape family to choose where they want to go. Your father chose Slytherin, your sister wanted a choice, so it's only fair I do the same with you. So where will it be, hmm?"Where I truly belong, Harry thought."SLYTHERIN!"The hall sat in stunned silence. Quickly, the Slytherin table began to clap loudly as Harry got up and set the hat on the stool. Harry went and sat across from Harry and Draco, giving them a weak smile."Look, Harry, Severus looks pleased and Dumbledore looks murderous," Hermione whispered to Harry, gesturing up at the head table.Harry turned to look. Indeed, Severus was smirking, yet held a proud expression in his eyes. Severus's eyes flickered to Dumbledore and his smirk disappeared. There was no mistaking Dumbledore's rage. His eyes were no longer twinkling and his smile had disappeared from his face. Dumbledore remained staring at the stool in front of him as he leaned back into his chair. The look lasted barely a minute before a small smile was plastered on his face again.The remainder of the students needed to be sorted were sorted rather quickly. Ron Weasley had been sorted into Gryffindor, and after a scathing look at Harry, he joined the cheering table of Gryffindor students. The trio watched as 3 red heads stood up and patted Weasley on the back. Rather, one calmly patted him on the back and 2 identical brothers practically jumped on him. As Blaise Zabini was sorted into Slytherin, Dumbledore stood up."Good evening! I trust that you all had a good trip over to Hogwarts. I have a few words to say to you, and here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!""Yep, he's definitely mad," Harry said to Hermione.A boy with a shiny badge that said Prefect on it, leaned over to the trio."Indeed, he is slightly mad. A genius, but still slightly wonky in the head. I'm Marcus Flint, one of the prefects in Slytherin House. You can call me Marcus, and don't be afraid to come to me for anything you need," the boy said. "I'm also on the Quidditch team.""Hi," Harry, Hermione, and Draco said in unison.Before anyone else could speak, the table before them filled with food. They looked down the table and saw students filling their plates. They glanced at each other and joined the rest of the table in filling their plates with food. Harry, who had never seen anything so marvelous in his life, had reached for the chicken wings and the large pile of garlic bread sitting on the table in front of him. There were mashed potatoes, peas, chicken, steak, roast beef, and various other dishes. Hermione didn't realize how hungry she was until she smelled the food sitting in front of her. Once everyone had filled their plates, Hermione began talking eagerly with Marcus Flint about the classes."So, what is your favorite class?" Hermione asked as she cut her steak.Marcus swallowed before answering."My personal favorite is arithmancy with Professor Vector. But you can't take that until 3rd year. So I guess my favorite would be potions or herbology. They're both very interesting and they both have good professors. Professor Snape is the potions professor and he's also our head of house. He always favors us instead of the Gryffindors in his classes. Well no, everywhere. But it's because Gryffindors typically get favored over us in all situations because we're the 'evil' house."Hermione frowned."But that's not fair!" She protested. "The sorting hat told me that this would be the place where I would learn the most and be able to be myself. No Slytherin has even mentioned that I'm a muggleborn.""Well, it's what we put up with. Professor Snape will tell us more about this later."Hermione spent the rest of the feast asking questions to Marcus about upcoming classes. Once the feast had finished, Dumbledore forced them to sing the school song, and then they were sent to their dormitories. The gaggle of new Slytherins followed Marcus Flint down to the dungeons, where they reached a wall that had a portrait of a serpent, which was slightly different from the one near Severus's office. Marcus Flint spoke the password, which was Serpensortian. Serpensortia was a spell that could conjure a snake out of thin air, but Marcus explained that they couldn't have a spell as their password.They clambered into the Common room and were told to sit on the couches around the fireplace as the large group of first years looked around the room, eyes wide. Of course, Harry, Hermione, and Draco had already seen it, but they had to play their part effectively. Once everyone had been seated somewhere around the common room, Marcus spoke up."Now that we're all seated, I will go get Professor Snape so that we can begin our annual start of term discussion."And with that, Marcus walked towards a door down a hallway at the edge of the common room: the door to Severus's quarters.

Hi everyone,Its been a month since I've written any chapters in my story. There are still 4 chapters after this, but the major project that I have to do this year gets turned in on Tuesday, so I will have about 2-3 more hours a day to work on the story. I'm currently very sick with a virus (its not COVID), so luckily I'm not too worried, but it does suck lol. Enjoy the adorableness at the end of the chapter!Stay Safe!ekrichardsI do not own Harry Potter or the characters. This scene is my own.Merely seconds after Marcus knocked on the door, the door opened to reveal Professor Snape. He was wearing his teaching robes. Harry and Hermione had only seen these on him at the Start of Term Feast, and they were surprised to see them billowing behind him as he greeted Marcus and walked toward the students. Marcus trailed behind Severus, hands clasped behind his back. Once Marcus took his seat, Severus cleared his throat."Good evening, and welcome to Slytherin House. My name is Professor Severus Snape and I am your Head of House. I will teach potions all 7 years that you will be here. Tonight, I simply want to go over rules and things that we do in Slytherin House. I expect you all to take them seriously, otherwise, you will be dealing with me."The Slytherins were staring at Severus, taking every word in as he looked around the room to make sure that he had their attention."Rule 1 is the most important rule that you must follow while we are here. Slytherin House always sticks up for one another. We are a family, and no matter what differences we have, we will always be there to support and help our house members. Whether it be someone is being taunted by another house, dealing with an emotional pain, physical pain, you are academically struggling, or something else, we will always be there to help each other. If you do not feel comfortable confiding in your house members, I expect that you will come to me. As your Head of House, I am responsible for your well being and although I may appear a cold hearted dungeon bat, I know how teenage emotions work."The common rule burst out in laughter at this. Severus waited for the laughter to die down before continuing."Rule two: You must do your best in your studies. This is important. Ravenclaw may be the most studious and smartest house, but we are also very smart and resourceful. It is important to you, me, your parents or guardians, and your future that you always do you best, no matter how much you like or dislike the class. To aid in this, we will have house-wide study sessions every Tuesday, Thursday, and Sunday. Everyone will study at these large tables from 8:00-10:00 at night. Feel free to come early. This is to ensure that your homework gets done and if you are struggling, you can ask any person in the house because they have gone through or are currently going through the class.""Rule 3: Remember that all of you will make mistakes. Do not hate on one person because they made a mistake. Someone can lose 50 house points, 100 even, and they can regret it. Do not make someone feel worse about a mistake they made. Support them, defend them, and bring them up. Am I clear?"A chorus of "Yes, Professor" and "Yes, sir" rang around the room."Very well. Curfew for first and second years is 10:00. You must be in bed by 10:30. This means books away, and in bed trying to sleep at 10:30 or earlier. Third and fourth years must be in bed by 11:00 and your curfew is 10:30. Fifth through seventh years, your curfew is the school's curfew time, 11:00. I would prefer you to be in bed by 11:30, but as you are taking major tests for your future, the latest I want you to up is midnight. For everyone, these times are to keep you healthy. I understand that you may not be tired, but if you want to succeed in life, you need to learn how you are as a person and what it takes for you to stay healthy. I will be continuing my weekly dormitory checks on Sunday mornings at ten in the morning to make sure that you are not living like heathens. You are members of a respectable house and I expect you to act like it and keep your rooms clean. Everyone is dismissed except for the first years."The remainder of the house scattered around the room. Some students grabbed books as they went off to their dormitory while others simply left, conversing with their friends. Most everyone said good night to Severus as they left the room, and he nodded at each one in return."I understand that many of you are nervous to start the term. I will be handing out time tables tomorrow morning at breakfast. As I do with every year, I expect everyone to attend all of the meals provided in the Great Hall. I will know if you aren't there. As first years, I take time to get to know you individually. You will each sign up for a time that will allow you to speak with me one on one, and it can be about anything you wish. I like to meet with each of my first years for a minimum of 30 minutes a week. These meetings are mandatory, and if you skip them, you will be serving detention with me for an hour scrubbing cauldrons."The first years looked at Severus, their rapt attention to him."Does anyone have any questions?"A boy with brown hair raised his hand."Yes, Mr. Nott?""I was just wondering if we'd be getting a tour of the school tomorrow or tonight? It's a big castle and I don't want to be late for any of my classes tomorrow," Nott said."Very well. I will ask Mr. Flint to give you a tour on the way to breakfast tomorrow. Be sure to be up at and ready at 7:10 in the morning if you want this tour. Mr. Flint will be leaving at 7:15," Severus said curtly. "Any other questions?"The first years shook their heads. Severus nodded."Very well. Girls, your dormitory is down that hall and the first door to the left, while boys, it is the first door to the right. The two doors in the center are the doors to the showers. I bid you a good night," Severus said, before turning on his heel and leaving the room.The first years stood up and separated into their dorm rooms. Harry and Hermione said good night to each other and were the last ones in their room. Hermione glanced around the room at the 3 other girls who had claimed the beds that had their trunks at the foot of the bed. Hermione's bed was at the far right of the room next to the window that exposed the lake. Next to her was Daphne Greengrass, then Pansy Parkinson, and finally on the far left was Millicent Bulstrode. The girls stopped talking as she walked in. Hermione blushed pink, mumbled an apology and hurried to her bed."So, Hermione, where in Britain are you from?" A voice asked.Hermione turned and saw Pansy staring at her."I'm from up north," Hermione said, not looking Pansy in the eye. Hermione was nervous to see their reaction to her being a muggleborn."You're the muggleborn right?" Daphne asked.Hermione merely nodded."That's so cool! You're the first one, in like, ever. You made history!" Pansy said, excitedly.Hermione let out a breath she didn't know she was holding."So you guys don't hate me?" Hermione tentatively asked, looking each of the girls in the eye.Milicent and Pansy shook their heads."Oh, of course not. You may be a muggleborn but honestly? None of us really care for what type of blood you have. Of course we have to be mean in public and we will be towards other muggleborns in classes and such, but that's more a stereotype that our parents all follow more so than us. You're one of us now!"Giggling, Milicent and Pansy started chanting."One of us, One of us, One of us!"Hermione let out a small giggle."You have no idea how nervous I've been all evening. I met Draco on the school train and Harry too and they both were really nice to me even after I said I was muggleborn. I had hoped that the girls would be as receptive but you know how evil girls can be."Daphne nodded."Wait, but weren't you at the station with Professor Snape?" Pansy questioned.Hermione sighed."What I'm about to tell you, you have to promise to never tell anyone," the other three girls nodded. "You know how that new law went into effect that put muggleborns under childless people's care? Se-Professor Snape was the one who took me and Harry in, so I've been living with him the month before term. He's been really kind to me and Harry though, he bought me my owl and Harry's too. But don't tell anyone, he's really concerned about his reputation."The girls nodded, and they fell back into conversation about their classes and their past lives. On the boy's side, however, they were all already asleep. They had been eating Harry's Bertie Botts beans that he had gotten on the train and were all daring each other to try different flavors. They had all conked out pretty quickly after Theo Nott had gotten a puke flavored one. Harry, although asleep, was tossing and turning."BOY!" Shouted a booming voice.Harry turned to look out the little flap in the cupboard. Uncle Vernon was standing there, eyes as black as the night."Get out here," Vernon said, grinning wickedly. "You must be taught a lesson."Harry was pulled out of the cupboard by a very strong and recognizable pair of hands. He dared to look at the hands. At the wrist was a black coat with buttoned sleeves. Harry's eyes widened and traveled up the arm that was holding his left shoulder. Harry knew immediately who it was. He turned and looked at the face. Severus Snape's onyx eyes were glittering back at him. Harry tried to make a run for it, but he was held in place by his hand. Harry turned back to Vernon, terror in his eyes."Uncle please, I didn't do it," Harry begged.Severus let out a cold, harsh laugh. Harry turned to look at him."You were right, Harry," Severus said, drawing out his name with disgust. "I would bring you back once I realized that you were a freak! Now take your punishment like the brat that you are."Harry shrieked and covered his head with his arms, trying to push away his two offenders."Harry!" Draco said, shaking him. "Harry wake up!"Harry cried out, but did not wake up."Greg or Theo go get Marcus or Professor Snape," Draco said, continuing to try to wake Harry.Greg ran out of the room to get Professor Snape. Harry had told them earlier that he was the person who had taken Harry in, and thought it would be the best choice. He knocked on the door that Marcus had knocked on earlier and waited patiently. A very disgruntled Professor opened the door."You are supposed to be in bed and asleep nonetheless. What is so bloody important that you had to wake me at 1 in the morning?"Although Severus didn't look like he had been asleep. He looked very much awake, although he was in a black silk robe."Um, sorry sir, Harry's having a nightmare and we can't wake him up,""Very well," Severus snapped. "Lead the way."Greg led the way to their dormitory. Upon entering, Severus and Greg saw a wild, thrashing boy on the bed nearest the window. Severus immediately went over and scooped the boy up in his arms and quickly moved to exit the room."He will be sleeping in my private quarters tonight. You will see him at breakfast tomorrow morning. I expect that the rest of you will go back to sleep. Good night, boys," Severus said, speaking over his shoulder.Severus carried Harry through the common room to his private chambers, where he brought Harry to his room that had never been used yet. After being in Severus's arms, he calmed a little bit, but was still whimpering while tossing and turning. Severus began to run his fingers through the boy's messy black hair and tried his best to gently wake Harry out of his nightmare. Before long, Harry's breathing became more even and he stopped moving around. Now, Severus thought, is the time to wake him up."Harry," he said gently. "Harry, wake up, it's Severus. You were having a nightmare, wake up Harry."Harry's eyes peeled open and nearly doubled at the size of Severus. He jumped and scooched as far away from Severus as he could while remaining in the bed. His eyes were brimming with tears."You hurt me," Harry whispered, his voice coming out between rushed breaths. "You didn't stop him, you let me get hurt!""Shhh, I would never allow you to get hurt. Please, tell me what this dream was about," Severus gently commanded."I was- I was in my cupboard, and Uncle Vernon was gonna beat me because I was being a freak, and - and- and you just told me to stay put and accept it like the freak that I was. You held me in place while he-" Harry said, sobbing now."Oh, Harry, I would never do that," Severus said, as he summoned a Dreamless Sleep Potion. "I promised you that I would never hurt you didn't I? I intend to keep that promise. I think it's best that you rest here tonight. Here is a Dreamless sleep, drink please."Harry took the bottle and hurdled towards Severus in a hug, nearly knocking the wind out of him."You promise?" A small voice mumbled, muffled from being pressed into his chest."I promise, Harry."Harry released himself from Severus, his tear stained face blotchy. He uncapped the potion and drank it, before handing the bottle to Severus. Within seconds, Harry started to yawn and his eyes started to droop. Severus tucked Harry under the covers and began to silently leave the room once he was certain that Harry would be asleep. He reached the door, dimmed the lights, and heard a very sleepy voice call out to him."Good night Dad."

I don't own HP.The next morning, the Slytherin Table was bustling with excitement as Harry entered. He spotted Draco and Hermione sitting towards the front of the room with the rest of the first years."Hi Harry, how are you feeling?" Theo asked."I'm good, Professor Snape gave me a dreamless sleep potion last night. No more nightmares!" Harry said, beaming. "He even worked me through the one I had, which was nice.""That's good," Theo said. "Sit down and have some breakfast. Professor Snape will be around in a minute or so to hand out the time tables."Harry sat down and started to pile some French toast on his plate. He listened to the conversations around him as he waited for his schedule. Soon enough, a piece of parchment was set down in front of him. He glanced at his schedule, pushing his food aside. He, alongside the rest of the Slytherin First years, had double potions with the Gryffindors Wednesday and Friday from 9:00 to 10:15 in the afternoon, Double Transfiguration on Tuesday and Thursday from 10:45 to noon. They had Defense against the Dark Arts from 10:45 to noon on Monday and Wednesday. They had Astronomy every Wednesday night from 9 to midnight. They had double Herbology with Hufflepuff on Monday and Thursday from 9:00 to 10:15. They had double charms with the Gryffindors on Monday and Wednesday from 2:45 to 4:00. And finally, they had History of Magic on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons from 1:00 to 2:15. They had Flying class after potions on Friday mornings from 10:45 to noon. They got Friday afternoons off, luckily. Today was Thursday and it was the first day of classes"Ugh, we have double transfiguration with the Gryffindors today," Draco grumbled from across the table at Harry.Harry nodded and went back to his french toast. He was distracted this morning. He couldn't remember what happened last night. He remembered that he had a dream, and he remembered that Severus let him sleep in his quarters, but he couldn't remember a majority of the events that happened. Harry shrugged to himself. It couldn't have been anything too important if he forgot it all."Harry," Hermione said. "After History of Magic this afternoon, would you like to come with me to the library and work on our homework together? And any of you, honestly. I want to get a head start on the homework so that way we don't fall behind."Harry nodded."Yeah, I'd like that Hermione! And then anything we get stuck on we can ask some of the older students in our study session tonight or at dinner," Harry said,Just then, Weasley and his two stooges came up to the Slytherin Table."Well, if it isn't Potter, Malfoy, Granger, and the rest of the stinking Slytherins. Betcha that they all are miserable that they weren't sorted into the best house and they're stuck in the dungeons."Harry looked up from his French Toast and Draco, looking confused."Draco, do you, I dunno, smell something nasty? Or hear anything? I think I might be hearing voices.""Oh no, Harry, I smell it too! It's almost like that smell is coming from that piece of-""Draco Malfoy!" Hermione snapped. "I don't think that was a good enough insult for the son of a man who is a blood traitor."Weasley gaped at Hermione as he went to turn away. But, standing there was Severus."Causing trouble, Weasley? 5 points from Gryffindor.""But professor, I -" Ron stammered."Silence! I don't want to hear your pathetic excuses for bothering another house during breakfast. Now leave, or I will take another 5 points."Weasley's ears turned bright red as he stomped away. Severus nodded curtly at the Slytherins before walking towards the head table. As he left, the Slytherins burst out in a fit of laughter"Hermione," Draco breathed. "I thought you were going to tell me off for insulting him.""No, he's not worth it to insult but if you're going to, at least come up with a decent insult.""Fair enough," Draco said, as the table went back to eating their lunch.Herbology was very interesting. Although they didn't start learning new information today. The professor showed them around the Greenhouses and even let them out early. They would be studying all about magical plants, and Professor Sprout, who they had met when they toured Hogwarts, was telling them about the various uses of magical plants. She had explained that they would only be staying in Greenhouses 1 and 2, as the more dangerous plants were housed in Greenhouses 3 through 7. All around the greenhouse there were a variety of plants. Flowering, non-flowering, green, red, purple, there was even a plant that liked to hold its prey captive. Professor Sprout had explained that they would be working with this plant next term. The Hufflepuffs were all boasting about how they had several plants in their dorm rooms and how they were near the kitchens.In transfiguration, they actually did work after an introduction to the class The slytherins were sitting on one side of the Transfiguration classroom. They were copying down the notes that were on the board in front of them. Today, they would be practicing how to turn a match into a needle. Of course, Weasley and one of his companions ran in late. Much to Draco and Harry's displeasure, they weren't given detention or points taken off. By the end of class, Hermione and Draco were the only ones successful in completely turning a match into a needle. Most of the Slytherins, and sadly 3 of the Gryffindors, had gotten close and had at least made theirs go either pointy, or turn silver. Hermione and Draco were given 5 points each for completing the task. The boy had traveled over in the boat with Harry, Draco, and Hermione had not made any progress on the task. Hermione felt kind of bad for him.History of Magic, according to Draco and Harry, was the most boring class they had ever taken. It was taught by Professor Binns, who was a ghost. He never stopped to let the class take notes, and he was always drawing on in the most boring voice. Within the first 15 minutes of class, half of the Slytherin First years had stopped paying attention. By the last 15 minutes of class, Hermione was the only one still paying attention and taking notes. Professor Bins had assigned a half a foot essay on the information that they had learned that day. He didn't seem to take notice that Hermione was the only one paying attention. By the time the class had ended, the group left the room, stretching and yawning."So, Hermione," Draco yawned. "Can I borrow your notes?""No, Draco! If you wanted notes, then you should have paid attention. You can't use me as a personal textbook. I'm not going to be used for knowledge again. I will be in the library. See you at dinner," Hermione snapped before running off to the library."Aww did you get rejected by Granger, Malfoy," An annoying voice said from behind the doorway. "Did you finally get tired of her and call her a mudblood.""No, for your information, she made a valid point. And I would never call Hermione that, she's one of my closest friends," Draco snapped."Oh of course not her, but it's okay with everyone else?" Weaskey said with a quirked eyebrow."I have never called anyone a mudblood!""Yes you have. If you are anything like your father-""Leave my father out of this! I have half a mind to go tell him what you are insinuating and he will bring a stop to this nonsense," Draco said, fuming"You don't own this castle, Malfoy," Weasley said, with a smirk. "Your father can't stop me, Dumbledore would never allow something to happen to his Gryffindors.""Fine. How about a wizards' duel, tonight, wands only. Trophy room, midnight. It's always unlocked," Draco said, a plan forming in his mind."I'll be there, Seamus will be my second. Who's yours?" Ron asked.Draco turned, and saw his two other close friends, Vincent and Greg standing behind him. Giving Harry and Greg an apologetic look, he faced Weasley again."Crabbe. I'll see you tonight and we'll prove who really has control."With that, the slytherin first years turned and walked towards the library, away from the trio of annoying Gryffindors. Draco was smirking. None of the Slytherins dared to ask Draco what he was up to until they got up to the library. Hermione was in the back corner of the library, her nose shoved in a book. Typical. She looked up as Draco and the remainder of the Slytherins came into the library. She rolled her eyes."What, come to steal my notes?" She sneered, then hesitated at the smirk on Draco's face. "Oh dear Merlin, what did you do?""I tricked that freckled redhead," Draco smirked. "He thinks we're going to duel in the trophy room at midnight.""How?""Well, he and I were fighting, and so, I decided that I wanted him in detention, because you know, he's an annoying thing. I challenged him to a duel, but I'm going to tell Filch and Professor Snape to see if they can catch him and land him in detention on the first day."Hermione stared up at him in exasperation."Why must you always start trouble?" She moaned, burying her face in her hands."He's easy to start trouble with," Draco replied with a shrug. "So we've got two essays to write, and a chapter of the Herbology textbook and History of Magic to read and take notes on.""Correct. We got half a foot from Professor McGonagall about the importance of transfiguration and how it can be used. We got half a foot from Professor Binns about various goblins in the 15th century. Their names, what they did and how it contributed to today's world. We have the first two chapters to read in A History of Magic, and one chapter in the Herbology textbook to read. I've already written an inch and a half on the transfiguration essay. Really, six inches isn't that bad.""We can work on transfiguration now then," Pansy said. "Hermione, would you work with me on turning a match to a needle? I think I'm saying the incantation slightly wrong."Hermione nodded and promised to work with her tonight during the Slytherin Study session tonight first thing. Before long, the group in green robes were working away on their essays and were enjoying themselves immensely. The work was hard, oh definitely, but because they worked together, it wasn't as bad. Before long, the bell rang, signalling that dinner was starting. The group didn't even notice that the time had flown, but in that time, they had been working steadily on the homework. Hermione, of course, had finished all the assignments, and was reading ahead, while the rest of the group only had to read a chapter or two at the study session.Of course, once they were done with that, they were planning on practicing the transfiguration they had learned and catching up on what they missed in History of Magic earlier. Hermione's outburst made them realize that Hermione wasn't someone who could be copied off of, and they realized that their education was indeed important. Draco still complained about History of Magic, but deep down, he was going to pay attention. He didn't want to give Hermione an excuse to be mad at him. Once the large group reached the Great Hall, none of them missed the glares that Weasley, Thomas, and Finnegan were shooting their way. They simply just kept talking as if nothing was amiss. Dinner that night was amazing. There were large bowls full of roasted vegetables with pot roast. There were containers of rolls that seemed to keep refilling, no matter how many rolls Vincent and Greg took out. Once dinner had concluded, the Slytherin first years all piled into the Slytherin common room to wait and talk before the study session began. Hermione was busy writing a letter to her parents to tell them how her first day went, and eventually convinced Harry to go with her to mail it.Harry and Hermione climbed out of the Serpent portrait, and they were halfway there when they, literally, ran into, Severus."And what do you think you are doing?""Hi, Sev- Professor Snape," Hermione said hurriedly. "Sorry to bump into you, Harry and I were going to mail a letter to my parents.""Understandable, have a good time, Granger, Potter, and try to not run into your professors more often. Don't forget about the Study Session in the common room at eight.""Yes, sir, thank you, sir," Hermione said, before grabbing Harry's hand and running off again.They got to the owlery and found a Ravenclaw 1st year tying a note to a large barn owl."Hi," she said tentatively. "I'm Padma Patil.""Hi, Padma, I'm Hermione and this is Harry.""Nice to meet you," she said, smiling. "I was just about to leave. Have a good night!"And with that, Padma Patil left. Hermione smiled at Harry and he simply shook his head in amusement."Athena!" Hermione called to her spotted owl.A large owl fluttered down from the highest spot in the tower, accompanied by a smaller snowy owl."We brought treats," Harry exclaimed.As Harry fed the owls treats, Hermione tied her note to her owl."This is going to go to the Grangers. You know who they are?"The owl hooted in response. Hermione only took that to mean 'yes', and as she waved off her owl, she and Harry headed back downstairs to have the Slytherin study session.

I do not own Harry Potter, some passages were taken from the book.By the next morning, every Slytherin First year had perfected the match to needle transfiguration. Harry had hoped that McGonagall would be pleased. They had spent almost an hour working with each other and the older students after borrowing several boxes of matches from Professor Snape. The study sessions were very helpful to the new first years. Although, the older students seemed a bit more stressed, and continuously went to Professor Snape for potions questions.Draco was surprised to see the Gryffindor trio looking so happy when they went down for breakfast, but he didn't realize that potions class would make the Gryffindors miserable."Hey, 'ermione," Theo said, from across the table with his mouth full of food. "Stop attracting attention to yourself in class, you'll get called names for it, plus the teachers know that you know everything.""But I know the answer," Hermione said, confused."Yeah, but Hermione," Vincent said. "It doesn't allow anyone else to answer and if the teacher wants to know, they'll call on you or if no one knows, you can ask.""But if I know the answer, I might as well try," Hermione said stubbornly."Hermione," Vincent replied. "Keep this up and you'll get bullied for being a know-it-all. Trust me, my sister was exactly like you when she went here and she was called a know-it-all so many times every day.""Oh, right," Hermione said, staring at her cereal.The Slytherins and Gryffindors filed into the potions classroom shortly after breakfast had finished. The Slytherins took the bottom few rows closest to Professor Snape's desk, while the Gryffindors piled towards the back of the classroom. Everyone was cautious. They knew that Professor Snape wasn't the most pleasant person, and no one wanted to give him a reason to take points or give a detention on the very first class, even the Slytherins. The door opened with a loud bang, making everyone jump."Good morning," Professor Snape said silkily. "I will begin by calling roll."He glanced at Harry when he got to his name, but said nothing. When he got to Weasley's name, he paused."Another one? My my, you are the 6th one I've had to teach. Will you actually care like the first three, or will you take after the other two?"Weasley opened his mouth, ears red, but Severus continued."I wouldn't be surprised if you were a troublemaker; I suppose we will soon find out?"Professor Snape finished calling roll and continued on with his lecture. The class was silent."You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion making. As there is little foolish wand waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses. I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even stopper death, that is, if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach."The Slytherins glanced at each other, small smiles on their faces. They knew that they would be able to prove to the professor that they could brew various things perfectly. Professor Snape glanced around the classroom, smirking at the looks of terror that the Gryffindors were giving him and at the confident looks the Slytherins were giving each other. He decided to give them a little test."Weasley! What would you get if you added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?"Weasley's brow furrowed as Hermione began to raise her hand. Draco pulled it down."I don't know," he said, then quickly added, "sir.""Hmm. Clearly your older brothers didn't think you'd retain any information if they taught you.""Thomas! Where would you look if I told you to find a bezoar," Severus hissed."I don't know, sir," Dean Thomas replied, his voice a whisper."Hmm, none of you thought to open a book then? Patil, what is the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane?""I'm sorry sir, I don't know," a girl named Pavarti Patil said, looking at Professor Snape."Tut tut, this is very worrying. Does anyone know the answer to my questions. Granger, Potter, or Malfoy, did you happen to open a book?"Hermione brushed her hair back, preparing to answer."Asphodel and wormwood make the Draught of Living Death," Harry replied."Good, Malfoy?""Um, monkshood and wolfsbane are the same thing," Draco said back, confidently."Also known as aconite. Miss Granger, where could I find a bezoar?""It is extracted from a goat's stomach and can be used to circumvent most poisons," Hermione said, relieved to have been able to answer a question."Very good, 5 points to each of you. Oh and 3 points from each of you who didn't know an answer. You will be brewing a very simple cure for boils potion with partners today. The instructions are on the board. You have an hour. You may begin. Now."The class hurried around the room gathering all the ingredients that they were going to use, including lionfish spines, which they had to get a certain amount of or else the potion wouldn't work. They brewed horned slugs and Professor Snape went all around the classroom, praising the Slytherins for their work, and criticized the mess of potions that the Gryffindors had brewed. There were small explosions that were taking place near Weasley's and poor Neville Longbottom's cauldron. He showed the class how Draco and Hermione had perfectly brewed their potion, and gave them a generous ten points each. Harry had partnered with Theo Nott, who, like Draco and Hermione, had perfectly brewed their potion."Your hour is up. Bottle up what you have and bring it to the front with your names on it. On Wednesday, I expect a foot long essay on the importance of each ingredient you have used today in the Cure for Boils. Explain how they interact with each other and how this interaction creates the properties to cure boils," Severus drawled. "If you dunderheads have even opened a book, this essay will be very easy."The bell rang, signaling the end of class. The students filed out, Gryffindors practically running out of the room. The Slytherins filed out in a nice orderly fashion. The minute the first years were gone, Severus shut and locked the door with his wand from his desk. He rubbed his forehead with his hands. How hard was it for those idiotic midgets to open a book? The answers to his questions at the beginning of class were the exact questions that the introduction of Magical Drafts and Potions asked the reader. He was disappointed. Every year he asked those questions, and every year he was disappointed. Most of the time he wanted to see how people would treat his class. He knew now that the Gryffindors would be the students that just didn't try, especially the one named Ronald Weasley.Harry was nervous as the Slytherins walked down to their next class. They were doing their first flying class today and he had never been on a broom before. Draco has spent the afternoon bragging about how he had been riding on a broom since he was 5. He announced about 100 times that he thought it was unfair that students weren't allowed brooms or able to play on their house quidditch team. Harry was annoyed. He just wanted to get through a flying class without making a fool of himself."I just don't think it's fair that-" Draco began to whine, before being interrupted."First years aren't allowed broomsticks," the Slytherin First years chorused back at him."For the last time, Draco," Daphne stated. "We know you think it's unfair. Since it has escaped your notice, your friend is very nervous and probably could use a friend to be by his side right about now."Draco looked confused as his eyes swept over the large group. His eyes fell on Harry, who appeared zoned out and was chewing on his lip and picking at his thumb. Draco felt guilty almost immediately. Here he was, talking about how it was unfair that he couldn't fly on the house team, when Harry was worried about flying in general."Harry?" Draco said. "Harry!"Harry's head snapped up as Draco moved toward him."What, Draco?" Harry said miserably."I….I'm sorry. I've been a bad friend by complaining when you've been clearly nervous. How can I help?""There's nothing you can do really, I mean you know what happened in the past when I embarrassed myself or the Dursley's. I don't want to embarrass Sev," Harry said softly, so only Draco could hear."Don't worry Harry, Sev wouldn't be embarrassed by your first flying class. He'd be proud that you were trying to fly! It scares most people. I was terrified the first time I flew," Draco whispered."You're sure he won't be upset with me if I can't?""I promise! Sev only gets mad if you're a dunderhead and don't try," Draco said confidently.Harry nodded."Okay," he said.Before they knew it, they were lined up, ready to begin their flying class. Their first task was to get the broom to fly into their hand by saying "Up!". Harry's and Draco's brooms flew into their hands almost immediately. Harry gave an excited look at Draco, who gave a small smile in return. All of the Slytherins were fairly quick at this assignment. Hermione looked like she didn't want to fly, and although reluctant, her broom flew into her hand after a minute. Poor Neville Longbottom also looked like he didn't want to fly, and he was the last one to get the broom in his hand. The Gryffindors were sniggering at him, and the Slytherins genuinely felt bad for Neville.Once everyone had gotten their broom in their hand, they were going to practice hovering. And quickly after this, the Slytherins realized that Neville Longbottom was a magnet for trouble. No matter how hard Neville tried, something would end up happening to him. In this instance, he hovered, and then his broom took off. Neville yelled as his broom flew backwards and forwards. It was almost as if his broom was out of control. The Slytherins stood there, open mouthed as they watched the boy fly around like a chicken with it's head cut off. The Gryffindor girls were squealing rather annoyingly as Neville was flown around the courtyard, while Weasley and his companions did nothing but snigger at him. After about 5 minutes of being tossed around, Neville crashed into a wall and broke his wrist. Madam Hooch was currently taking him to the hospital wing.Gryffindor house was laughing. Hermione had had enough and stomped up to the remainder of the Gryffindor boys."That is quite enough! I would have thought you felt more compassion for your housemate," Hermione snapped. Draco rolled his eyes."Hey, look," Harry said, bending down to pick up an object. "This is Neville's. We should take it to him later today."Draco nodded, and at that moment, he heard Weasley teasing Hermione."Oh, Granger, didn't know that you liked crybabys. Should we set you two up in some sort of relationship? I bet you'd have the best time of your life taking care of the blubbering idiot. Buuuut, you're in stinking Slytherin so it's not like you would have any compassion whatsoever towards anyone else," Ron said. He grabbed her arm and pulled her close. "Besides," he whispered in her ear, "I don't think a mudblood like you should come near a pureblood like me, so stop talking to me, know-it-all."Hermione gasped and pulled back, tears in her eyes."How dare you?" She whispered."What in the devil is going on here?" A silky voice purred from the door."Professor!" Hermione said, surprised. "He called me a You-Know-What.""No I didn't!" he protested, as Hermione glared at him."Weasley!" Severus snarled. "Come with me. We are going to see your head of house."And Wealsey followed Professor Snape, his head hung, as Hermione was being hugged by Harry.
