TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 1: THE DREAM AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New story. Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story..."Harry, Harry, we need your help!"Harry woke up with a sweat. He took his glasses from the dresser. And sat up. He took a glass of water and poured it down quickly."What happened?" Ginny was lying beside him,She woke up with his movement. She was a light sleeper. She looked at his face, which was disturbed, and worried."Na...Nothing!" He stammered."Come on, tell me!" Ginny sat up, "Did your scar hurt?""No!"Harry stood up, and was now walking around the room."Harry James Potter," Ginny's tone got stern, "Will you tell me what the hell is going on?!""Okay!" He sat back again, "I saw...I saw, I saw Dad, Mom, and Sirius, and Remus...and Fred."19 year old Harry Potter, was looking at his fiance, who was looking at him. Her beautiful eyes poured into his green ones. He knew he could trust her. He knew she would do anything to solve her problem. But the thing was he didn't know if it was real."I saw them, and they were locked out of their houses." Harry said slowly. "They were worried.""Why?" Ginny came closer."There was something, that have turned them out of their houses in the after life."Harry was worried, it was something to be worried about. The dreams felt so real. They were so convincing. They were sending a message."Come on, buddy, there is something you can do!" He heard Fred Weasley talking to him. He couldn't even see Ginny anymore."Harry!" Ginny was shaking him, "Harry, why are you shouting?"Harry suddenly slapped him."Harry, you are scaring me!""I am awake!" Harry stood up and wandered around the room. "I am alive and awake!""Yes!" She cried. "Yes, you are alive, and awake.""Ginny, something is wrong," Harry said seriously. "Something is wrong with the afterlife, our family, and friends are in trouble."Ginny was now totally awake. She had seen Harry gone through a lot. But this, hallucinating and having wild dreams wasn't a problem anymore. It was gone, when the war was over. The dreams were because of a connection which Voldemort. Which went away when Harry defeated him."Okay, okay!" Ginny was back again with a glass of water, "What about we connect your dream, or the vision with me." Ginny took out a book from under the bed. "And see what it is. I am going to see it, and maybe it'll be easy for me to feel what you saw. Is that alright?"She was now holding his hand. "Okay?"Harry shook his head, begrudgingly."Alright."THAT IS ALL FOR RIGHT NOW, AND PLEASE KEEP FOLLOWING. LEAVE YOUR SUGGESTIONS AND I AM TOTALLY OPEN TO CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM...

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 2: THE CONNECTIONAUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story...Ginny took out her wand, and a spellbook, and she sat on the floor, legs crossed, in her pajamas. Harry was still standing, by the window, breathing in and out, very fast."Harry?""Uhhh?""Come here!" She tapped the floor. "It's okay! Nothing is going to happen, It's fine!""Are you sure?" Harry sat down, "If this spell goes wrong, something's bad going to happen!""I promise!" She smiled, "It won't,""You want to connect the dreams and hallucinations to yourself, Ginny, and what if they get transferred to you, or become permanent. Ginny, I don't want to anything rash...Ahhhhhhhhh."Harry fell to the side, as Ginny moved her wand and a pillow landed beside his head. Harry saw Fred Weasley looked at him, Fred was looking worried. 'Help us, you prat!'"Classic Fred!" Harry said slowly."What?""He wants help, and call me a prat!""Okay, I am doing this, Harry, connecting will divide your pain, and we can find the solution.""Gin, I don't want to do this to you!""Harry, it's fine," Ginny was getting impatient. "Now, sit up!"She pointed to the book. Harry reluctantly sat up. Ginny started wave her wand, as she slowly muttered some spells. The white and yellow waves and rays, were dancing around both of them. As they held hands, the waves connected, and bound them together. The sparks from wand slowly disappeared."It's done!" Ginny stood up. "Ahhhhhh!"She grabbed the bedside, as she stumbled. Harry pushed her shoulders, and she sat on the bed.'Ginny, darling, help us!' Lily Potter smiled at her. Ginny Weasley was looking at her dead mother in law(future), who looked not a lot older then herself. She realized how young they died."I will!" She whispered. "I promise."Hey, everybody, please, leave your comments. And I am open to constructive criticism.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 3: HERMIONE'S HELPAUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"So you see it?" Harry asked, "Do you see it?" "I saw your mom!""What?""Your mom!" She nodded, her head hurt, her eyes were pouring with the pain, but she was smiling. "Ahhh!""What happened?" Is is happening again?" Harry asked her worriedly. "I knew this was not a good idea.""So you are the fiance.." A complete replica of Harry stood in front of her, "Harry..?" She whispered slowly."Yes, I'm right here!" Harry was sitting beside her, holding her hand. But she wasn't listening. The man in front of her shook his head, and smiled."James?" She said slowly."Yes!" She heard him say."So you are the Ginny Weasley, Fred's sister." James smiled, "So the attraction to red heads runs in the family!" She heard James Potter was laughing, "Ginny, Gin, Are you okay?" "I'm okay!"She smiled. Harry rubbed her shoulder. "So what's next?" Harry asked."We ask Hermione for help." Ginny said, "We ask her to put one of us in a trance.""A trance?" "She'll put me or you in a trance, I mean, one of us will be in a state of a dream." Ginny explained to him, "And she'll transport the soul to the land of the dead!""What?" "Yes, I think Hermione would be able to do the spell.""Are you crazy?!"Hermione jabbed her, as Ginny finished her story. "You connected Harry's mind to yours, are you an idiot?""Come on, will you help me?" Ginny pleaded."Gin, you know that it is a very difficult spell, it will be very complicated." Hermione tried to reasoned with her. "You know, if something goes wrong, you might be stuck there, like a coma!""Like a what?" Ginny stumbled on the word 'coma'. "A co...ma, coma?""Yes, it is a condition, in which you are breathing, but you cannot react to other things, you will not be able to do anything, at all." Hermione explained, "You will be alive, but just breathing."

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 4:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Hermione, promise me," Ginny told her. "Promise me something!""Okay!" Hermione said,"Say it!" Ginny insisted."Okay, I promise whatever you want.""You are not going to tell Harry that this is dangerous!" Ginny ignored the expression on Hermione's face, "And you will put me in what you call a coma.""WHAT?""You will put me in the trance, and it will be fine!""Ginny, you are walking in to a very difficult situation." Hermione tried to talk to her. "You are ruining your life!""I can't let Harry fall for it anymore!" Ginny said, "He is still recovering from the war, okay, you will put me into this trance, and I'll be fine. And I can't let the people suffer,""So you are going to risk yourself?" Hermione tried to reason with him."Yes, I will." Ginny told her, "Hermione, I saw James and Lily Potter,""You saw Harry's parents?"Ginny nodded her head slowly."She said, she wanted help!" Ginny started to say, "She said, there is something wrong over there.""Over where?" Hermione was confused."In the after life, something is wrong, it is upsetting all of them. Lily, James, Lupin, Tonks...Fred, Hermione, He is worried, and Fred never got worried about anything.""Worried about what?""That's what we are going to do!" Ginny sounded exasperated. "That's why I am going in a trance, or as you say a temporary coma!"They looked at each other."Gin...""Hermione, don't." Ginny interrupted, "Don't try to talk me out of it, please, I only need your support, I need your help.""Okay!" Hermione gave in, "If this is what you want, than I won't interfere.""GINNY!" Ronald Weasley hollered as he entered the room, "Are you here?""Yes! I am here," She shouted back. "And not a word to my brother!" She shot Hermione a look."Why?""He'll spill the beans," Ginny said reasonably. "He'll really spill the beans, like he spills his actual beans."Hermione giggled,"Did you bring the casserole you make?" Ron poked his head in to the room.Hey Everybody! Please leave your comments and reviews...and that is all for the moments. Thanks for reading 

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 5:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Yes, I brought the casserole!" Ginny told him, and she pointed to a bowl that was sitting on the table. "Not a word," She whispered to Hermione, as she left the kitchen. Hermione nodded as she went to see Ginny off. "Where you going?" Ron yelled with his mouth full. "Home!" Ginny yelled back."Okay!" He yelled back from the kitchen. "So, tomorrow then," Hermione said, "Tomorrow!" Ginny was determined to go through with this."Okay, okay." Hermione stood on the opposite side of the door."See you later, Hermione!" Ginny was cool and calm about it. Suddenly, Hermione put her hands around Ginny's waist and hugged her. "Be safe, Gin," "I will," Ginny told her, "I love you, Hermione, thank you, so much!" "I am worried...""Hermy, It'll be fine!" Ginny waved her hand. Hermione stared at Ginny. As she disappeared on the spot, where the garden ended.Ginny Weasley stood in front of the stove, as she heard the door open and shut."I'm in here!" She shouted.Harry strolled in the kitchen."Hello!""Hey"Harry, I talked to...Ahhhhh!" She grabbed for support. Harry held her arm, he moved a chair under her."Sit down." Harry said worriedly. "Come on, Sit.""Gin, My little sis, How did you get roped up in this?""Fred?""Sis, trouble's up here, but whatever you do, be careful." Ginny sat down on the chair. Beads of perspiration appeared on her forehead."Gin, Listen to me!" Harry held her. "Come on, stay with me,""Fred, it's Fred!" Ginny her eyes poured out tears, "He's contacting, Fred says trouble, if he says it's trouble and he didn't cause it, so you know it is trouble."Hey, everybody, tell me what you think...I want to hear what you people think. Till the next chapter...

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 5:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......The time pass, to tomorrow. Ginny sat in front of Hermione and Harry."So are doing this?" Harry asked her,"Yes, I am." Ginny said firmly, "The visions are effecting me more, they hardly effect you anymore!""Yes, that is why I am telling you not to do!" Harry said exasperatedly. "I should do it!""Harry, we discussed this already," Ginny sighed, "It hasn't been a few weeks since the nightmares stopped." She reasoned with him.Harry was still struggling with the War. It had a great impact on him. It was just a couple of months that he had finally coped up to reality and left it behind."I'm fine, okay," Ginny said again, "I will be fine!""Hermione, will you say something?" Harry's voice was filled with concern."It's okay, Harry, I think everything will be fine!" She said, as Ginny shot her a look from behind Harry."Are you su...""Harry, All will be fine." She smiled reassuringly. "Now, Ginny, should we start?""I am ready when you are!" Ginny said brightly.Hermione sat down on the floor, and pointed Ginny to the mat in front of her. Harry sat on the couch, still looking worried. Hermione muttered spells, again and again slowly. Looking at the spell book every now and then. Then she handed Ginny a bottle with a blue potion inside."Is it done?" Harry asked nervously."Just one more thing!" Hermione handed another bottle, which was much smaller and had a black colored solution. "Drink this, Gin!"As soon as Ginny gulped the potion down. She fainted."Hermione, what is happening?" Harry stood up, shouting."Nothing, this is supposed to happen!" Hermione held him back, "It's okay, Harry, this is what is supposed to happen, resurrection will happen in almost a week. She will wake up,""Then what?" Harry asked."She will have one week to figure out the solution, and she will again go in to a dream state, once the problem is fixed, she will realize her work is done, and she will find a way.""She will find a way..." Harry threw the glass on the floor. "A way, Hermione, She is not a toy, that is my Fiance, she is the love of my life."

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 6:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"What the hell did you do, Hermione?" Harry shouted at her. "What were you THINKING? You could have told me!" "Harry...I..." "WHAT?""Harry, I did tell her!" Hermione said softly, "I told her Harry, She didn't want you to do it!" Hermione told him the truth.. "I am sorry." "She knew?!" "Of course, she does, She loves you Harry," Hermione explained to him. "It was something to be done. And she didn't want you to do something.""Why not?" Harry asked, he sat on the floor, where Ginny lay on the floor cushion. She looked peaceful as if she was in a very pleasant dream. He held her hand in both of his."Hermione, this is not right!" He said, "What is the family going to say?" "What do you mean?" "Mr Weasley, Ron, George, Mrs Weasley, Bill, Charlie!" Harry told her, "Her only sister's life is in grave danger.""It is her decision!" Hermione said in a firm tone, "I couldn't say anything, and she was protecting you, Harry!" "Hermy, you should have told me...God! I don't know what this woman would do next!" His hands grasped Ginny's hand more tightly then ever."Ginerva Molly Weasley!" Fred Weasley stood in front of her, "What the hell are you doing here?" "Fred!" She hugged her brother, who stood leaning against a tree."I can feel you, are you, are you...?" Fred didn't want to complete his sentence.Hey everybody, please leave your comments, and that's all for the time...Till the next time. Alyna.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 7:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Hello, Sister!" Fred held her tight, "It's been what...four years, or something?"Ginny smiled, she didn't know how to respond to that."How is everyone?" He directed towards a path, she didn't know where it led, but she went along with Fred."Let's see, Percy is still snugging up to the ministry, going anywhere the fame and power will be there. Bill and Fluer went to France for the year. Charlie's bringing dragon kids to show Victoire, now she's gone though. She is growing up to be a beautiful girl...Ron is at the ministry, being an Auror and all. Dad is retiring, and I think we'll send them off for a vacation...""Well, they deserve it!" Fred nodded his head, appreciatively. "And George...how is he doing?""George..." Ginny said slowly, "He has coped up, a lot better actually.""That is good, good news." Fred said, "I had been watching over him, but then I couldn't do it anymore.""He's up, to the joke shop, bought a house." Ginny said, "He isn't what he was, but he is changing. I think he is better.""And you?" Fred shifted to her, "How are you doing, Gin?""Good, I am doing good, Freddie!" Ginny walked along, "I graduated with honors,""I know, I was there!" Fred told her and stared at her surprised face. "You don't think, I would miss my only sister's graduation, would I? I mean I would miss Ron's, but your's.""Thank you, Fred." She said, "I started to play for the Holy Harpies then.""I know, I was at every game."Ginny was dumbfounded,"That is so nice, Fred!" Both of them walked a little more along the path, "What do you do around here?""Well, where is Freddie boy, there is plenty to do!"Hey everybody, that is all for now...Please leave your comments and reviews. Till the next chapter, Alyna.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 9:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"So everybody, this is Ginny!" Fred introduced to her to other people who were sitting by each other, under a shade which was made by a cloth tied to the trunks of trees."Hey, Remus, Tonks." She recognized all the people. "Mad eye, Collin!"She hugged Tonks, followed by Remus and the others."Are you...are you?" Remus couldn't get the words out. "Is she?" He looked at Fred."No, no, I am not dead!" She put his mind at ease, "Hermione put me in to a week trance, a Coma if you understand the muggle word. I don't though!"She looked around, "What happened here, I thought we were the good people, heaven should have little cottages and gardens and stuff.""It did!" Remus laughed, She was really Fred's sister, the ways she talked, and the way her eyes moved."Where is Sirius?" Fred asked,"Over there," He pointed to a table in the corner."Come on!" Fred pulled her hand."Hey, Prongs, Padfoot!" Fred went over to the table, where two men, and a woman in her twenties sat. "Lily, This is my sister, Ginny Weasley!""Hey, Ginny..." Sirius stood up, and his black eyes widened as he approached her, "Are you...""No!" Ginny was getting a little tired of the question. "Hermione did some spell, I am well and alive!""Well, we see the great Ginny Weasley!" James Potter stood up. He bore a identical grin to Harry.She blushed,"James, don't tease her!" Ginny looked up to the woman. It was Lily Evans Potter. It was uncanny how they looked alike. The red hair, the eyes. the freckles."Ginny, how is my little boy?""Harry, what is he?""And what is the...""Time for a cozy catch up, when she comes up for real!" Moody said gruffly. Fred grinned."So kid, the thing is," James put his hand around her shoulder,"Kid?" Ginny laughed, "I'm almost your age!""Yeah, cause I am dead, you happen to be my son's fiance!""How did you know?"James held up her hand, and showed it to her, "Left hand, a diamond ring! I know kid!" They started walking again, with Remus, Sirius, Lily, and Fred around her. "So back to I was saying!"Now Remus took over, "We have been locked out!"Now they were standing in front of a gate. It was a giant wooden door, with walls all around. Instead of a keyhole, there was an empty place. Where an emerald rock was supposed to be.Hey, everybody, That is all for now! Please leave your comments and reviews. Thank you.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 10:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"So, the door won't open?" Ginny looked blankly over from Fred, to Remus, to Lily."The door is closed, because someone, my sis, stole the Havenake Stone!" Fred told her."Havenake stone?" Ginny asked,"The Havenake stone, is the key of this door," Lily started speaking, "The emerald stone, pink, flashy like a diamond, keeps the door of the heaven opened.""It has been stolen!" Remus interjected, "Closing the gate, this gate only, and and throwing out the residents of the Havenake.""The Havenake?" Ginny was still confused."It is our home, where we lived." James pointed to the door, to the top, where was carved in 'Havenake.'"So where did the stone go?" Ginny asked, "Surely it must be around here, or you know someone from...""Hell took it?" James suggested, "Yeah, we thought of that, that can't happen, Gin, but a smart mind you have going there!""So where is it?" Ginny asked again."Well, Lils and Moony did some researches,:" Sirius told her, "And we found out," And then he pulled out a map. "Thta the Havenake stone is here."He kept his finger on the map to show her."What is this?" Ginny was exasperated at the map, she couldn't recognize any of the places. "I don't know any of these places!""Cause, Ginny, this is the muggle world!" Fred told her, "And the Havenake, Emerald as Lily describes, pink stone is somewhere in muggle London.""Somewhere?" She cried, "Do you know the size of muggle London, and might I add I only have a week to find it?""Remus and me can narrow it down more further, we know it is not in the possession of a magic being, though!" Lily replied to her concerns.Hey, everybody...That's all for now...Thank you for reading. Please leave your comments.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 11:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Okay!" Remus sat on the ground, "Let's see, we can locate it, i think!"Lily sat next to him, and took out a map, and rolled it straight on the ground."Now!" She said, "We need the same color as the Havenake crystal...""Where are we going to get that, you said it was so unique and..." Ginny said, panicking."Me, Ginny!" Tonks sat next to Lily, "But first start the spell, because the color doesn't keep long once it is cut off!"Remus and Lily pointed the wands to the map. Everyone stared at it anxiously."Now, Tonks, Now!" Lily almost shouted.Nymphadora's hair turned emerald pink, and she cut the piece of her hair and fell to the map. Ginny gasped. Fred's hand dug in to her shoulder. The color was siphoned in to Lily's wand as she placed it on the hair."Okay, here goes!" Remus nodded to Lily.The pink color now flew on the map, and ran along the map of England. It stopped on London. Lily made the map of London more elaborate. Now the map was of the City of London. The pink color fluid was stopping."Buckingham Palace?" James Potter murmured loudly, as the pink fluid stopped at the core of a castle."Oh no!" Lily said ruefully. "Buckingham Palace? No, God, No!""What is...""How is it that...""Who the..."Why,""What happened, Lil?"Everyone started to speak all together."Guys! Please!" Ginny shouted herself hoarse. "So this Buck...BuckingBea...Buckin...Buck.."It was hard for Ginny to repeat the muggle words."Buckingham Palace!" Lily said, trying hard to suppress the grin."Why the bloody hell is the Havenake stone is in Bucking...Beaking," Sirius struggled with the word again."Buckingham Palace," Now she was impatient. "It is the Queen's Palace in Muggle London.""How did it get here?" Mad eye Moody asked impatiently."Okay...Let's see the thing is, How to get it?" James turned everyone's attention to the important part.HEY, everybody...thanks for reading, and please leave a review or a comment. Or what do you think! Okayyyy, That's all for now...

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 12:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Buckingham Palace..." Ginny repeated. "The place of the muggles's Queen!"Ginny looked at each one of them, waiting for them to say something."Well?" She said impatiently."Well, what?" Fred threw the question back."How the hell am I supposed to get into the Palace!""You are a WITCH, Ginny!" Sirius reminded her."Yes, but muggles...Muggle London!" She shot back at him.Suddenly, she took a step back, and stumbled."Ginny?" Fred said,She held her head in her hand, "I'm okay, it's okay!"She felt a splitting pang of pain in her head."Ahhh!" She pressed her fingers tighter,"What's happening?" Sirius, Remus, Lily, James, and Fred crowded her."I don't...Ah!" She tried to get the words through, "I don't know!"Tears poured out, the pain was increasing, she couldn't control the tears, or the pain."Gin...Are you okay?" Fred stood next to her holding her hand. "Gin, look at me!" He let out a yell.Ginny sat down with the help of Fred, and it was a few more moments of agonizing pain. And then she fainted."GINNY!" Several voices shouted.The body of Ginny Weasley vaporized from Fred Weasley's arm."I think, she was awaken in the world!" Lily said, breaking the silence."I think she is right," Remus sided with Lily, while the other murmured."Ginny!" Ginny opened her eyes, to see Hermione standing over her,"I thought it was supposed to be a week!" Ginny almost snarled at her."And hello to you too!" Hermione shrank back a little, surprised at this out burst. "And it has been a week you were in a coma!""A week? No it wasn't!""Yes, it was!" Hermione said firmly, "I should know, from all I heard from Harry, Ron, Mrs Weasley...also I should mention your boss from Chudley Canons!""It wasn't a week, I was barely there for five to six hours." Ginny was confused, a little angry."The time difference, I suppose!" Hermione told her."Time difference..." Ginny repeated, as she got up from the bed.Hey, everyone, Thank you for reading...That's all for now, till the next chapter...Alyna.PS: Don't forget to leave a review.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 13:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"I can't believe it, you know." Ginny had just come out of the shower, her red hair dripping with water. "A few hours, equals a week here!""I thought something like this might happen, but I wasn't sure!" Hermione took out some food for her. "Everythings have consequences, Gin.""I suppose!" Ginny sat down, and pulled a bowl in front her. And poured out the soup in it."Hey, Slow down!" Hermione looked at her, a little amused. She was shoving spoonfuls of soup quicker than Ron did."I haven't eaten in a week!" She said between mouthfuls."So now what?" Hermione asked. "What's the problem? What's the next move?"Hermione asked many questions in one go."Buckingham Palace!" Ginny threw the bomb on her."Buckingham Palace? Why? Ginny, are you..." Hermione looked confused, and bewildered. "Out of your mind!""The solution to the problem, Hermione, is in Buckingham Palace," Ginny told her, "It is some kind of gem, a stone, that was stolen. And when I go back, I go back with it!""So what are you going to do?""First, I am going talk to Harry , then, A trip to the Palace." Ginny had already decided how she had to acquire the stone. "And I'll be back in the week, before the trance state, the coma, begins again.""You have it all planned out!" Hermione was pleased to hear this. "If you need any help, just send a message!"Ginny sat at the table for several minutes, Hermione had left, she had to go to the ministry. Ginny planned out, how and when she was going to get into the Palace. She had her bag packed, before Harry came home.Ginny Weasley took a deep breath. Now was the first time ever in her life, she had stepped in to Muggle London. Dressed in a black top, with blue denim jeans. Her wand safely tucked in the pocket, and a backpack on her shoulder.She and Harry had had a long talk about it. He was reluctant at first. He wanted to do it himself, or at least have her back. But Ginny convinced him. And here she was. The very next day, in muggle London.The first thing she wanted to do, was get a hotel room. She had received some muggle money from Hermione.Hey, everyone, That's all for now. Please leave a review or a comment to tell me what you think! Thanks for reading! Till the next chapter.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 14:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Just one key? Ma'am!" The man on the reception asked Ginny."Yes!" Ginny took it from him, and handed the money."Okay, Ms Weazly, have a good stay!" He pointed to the elevator.Ginny took ten minutes set up everything in her bedroom, and then she went out to the Buckingham Palace. The Palace was opened for visitors."Here you go, Ma'am, enjoy your visit." A very old man handed Ginny a ticket, and she was led inside by an employee."Thank you," She held the ticket, and shut the door behind herself. And she sighed.She looked at the wall clock. It was 20 minutes till her interview. She took a shower, and pulled out some clothes for herself."Please, Sit down, Ms Weazley!" She was sitting in the Employing Room, and a burly British man sat in front of her. She handed him a paper."An amazing resume, Ms Weazley!" He looked impressed. "And I must say, good timing, as the Queen's, Her Majesty's assistant is on a leave. Just for a few days, you are hired.""Thank you, Sir!" They shook hands. "And I am starting...?""Right away, Ms Weazley! Right away!" The man showed her out. She followed him through passages and up the stairs. And he opened the door, and said."This is your room, get comfortable!" He handed her a key. "You should be ready to begin in two hours, is taht fine with you?""Absolutely, Sir!" Ginny shook his hand once again, and smiled. She made through this, and she wanted the stone as soon as she could get her eyes on it."This is it!" She whispered. "I am going to get this done!"Hey, everyone, please leave a review! ...Sorry for the delays! Thank you for reading anyways!

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 15:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Ms Weazly, is it?""Yes, Your Highness," Ginny Weasley was dressed in the Royal Employee dress. And a paper pad, and pen neatly tucked in the pockets.She bowed before the Queen, not before throwing a look at her crown. There it was, what she was looking for. The Havenake stone. The pink stone. And she didn't know how it landed in the castle. or who brought it. But all she wanted at the moment was to take it and go home. Send it back to Fred. And James, and Remus! Sirius, Lily...Nymphadora, and many others who were waiting for this. Who were counting on her."Ms Weazley, I want my clothes ready for tomorrow's ceremony. Please show me what you are setting," The Queen told her, "Be sure to include the new shoes that just came.""Yes, Your Highness!" She bowed again, and went to the Queen's dressing room. She looked through the large closets, and looked at the stuff. Found the new shoes."This woman sure wears a lot of pink!" She muttered to herself.The Havenake stone was on Queen's crown. She would have to retrieve it this night.She didn't get a chance to get the stone, till it was only a day left for her to go back to give the stone. She firmly decided to get what rightfully belonged to the dead magic people, who were supposed to enjoy a good time, but their perfectly peaceful life was disturbed by this hideous act.She took a breathe in, and exhaled. She stood in the corridor of the Queen's bedroom, and looked towards the two guards standing infront of the door."Petrificus Totalas!" She whispered.The two guards fell to the ground, petrified, and she said again,"Muffliato!" The doorway was silent.She entered the room slowly, the Queen was sleeping, and the crown rested on the bedside table on the opposite side of the room. She tiptoed over to the other side of the room."What do you think you are doing?"Ginny froze."Langlock!" She pointed her wand at the Queen, and immediately regretted her decision, as the Queen pressed the security button right next to the bed.Hey, everyone! Sorry for the late posts, Hope you like it! Please leave a review to let me know...Till the next chapter, Alyna.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 16:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"Oh, God, Oh Merlin's pants, A screw-up." She was talking to herself. She had gathered that she had almost two minutes till she took the Havenake Stone out from the Crown. She detached it from the crown by magic, and pushed it into the inner pocket of her jacket."Who is it?" The security had arrived, "Show yourself, or you will be harmed."10 armed guards stood in front of her, lights were turned on immediately."Stupefy!" Ginny had become a very powerful witch over the years. But this was not enough magic for ten people. One spell wasn't enough."Get her!" Shouted the ones, who weren't on the ground."Stupefy! Stupefy!" She shouted again. Everyone of the ten guards were on the floor, with The Queen continuously pushing the alarm button."Oh, you have got to be kidding me!" Ginny turned to the men, and kept on talking. "You stole this, you know that, this belongs to my people...and much have you caused because of this!""Obliviate!" She pointed her wand to each person to forget all of it.She heard footsteps, other men were approaching, The Queen was left to erase the memory, as she blasted the window."Hands up!" The guards burst in, "For Her Highness's Protocol you will be convicted by the..."Ginny had disapparated from the spot, it was risk to leave the Queen with the memory intact, but it was a risk she was willing to take. Her work here was done. All she had to do was to wait for tomorrow afternoon, when she was going to go back into a state of half death. Which Hermione called a 'Coma'The spell wore off, and the Queen started to shout!"She ...she attacked me with a wand!"Ginny Weasley had returned home. It was morning, Harry still reluctant to let her almost die again, but still supporting her decision, was pampering her with food, and it was almost twelve O clock when Ron and Hermione slammed the door open with the spare key they had. Ron laughing his head off, and Hermione in a mood."What happened?" Harry asked."This Happened!" Hermione threw a muggle newspaper on the table, with headlines that said,THE QUEEN HAS GONE OFF THE RAILSFROM OUR SOURCES WE HAVE NEWS FOR YOU THAT HAS SPREAD ALL OVER THE INTERNET, CREATINGA SCANDAL FOR THE BRITISH ROYALTY. THE ROOM OF THE QUEEN WAS BREAKEN INTO YESTERDAY, TO WHICH THE QUEEN CLAIMS TO A MAGICAL WOMAN, BY THE NAME OF GINNY WEAZLY. A WITCH WITH DARK MAGIC TO BE PRECISE. BUT NO ONE IN THE ROYAL STAFF, OR ANY OF THE FAMILY CAN IDENTIFY THE NAME OR CONFIRM THE APPOINTMENT OF A NINETEEN YEAR OLD, RED HEADED GIRL. THE QUEEN INSISTS UPON THE GIRL, GIVINGA DESCRIPTION, AND SAYING SHE STOLE THE NON REPLACEABLE STONE FROM HER CROWN. WHICH IS INDEED GONE. BUT SINCE THE QUEEN DOESN'T SEEM MENTALLY WELL, IT IS SAID THAT SHE MUST HAVE LOST IT HERSELFHey, Everyone, please a review. Thank you for reading! Till the next chapter.

TROUBLE IN THE AFTERLIFE:CHAPTER 17:AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hey, everybody...New chapter, Please leave your comments and reviews for the story. I want to here what you think of the new story......"You didn't obliviate the Queen!?" Hermione said, "Oh do stop it, Ron!" She snapped.Ron and Harry were doing hard to control their laughter."I had no time, Guards were coming!""How am I supposed to cover up this fiasco?" Hermione asked, through clenched teeth."Oh, Relax, Hermione!" Harry interrupted. "The Queen is old, and the news had pretty much cover that the Queen has lost it!"Ron shouted with laughter at Harry's words, wiping his tears off."Harry's right, she has been portrayed as a lunatic already!" Ginny shrugged, she had more pressing matters on her plate, like experiencing a near death moment once again."What am I supposed to tell the Prime Minister!?" Hermione asked."Just say..."Ron couldn't complete his sentence, laughing, and rolling over."Be serious, Ron!" Hermione snapped."It's time!" Harry interrupted again, this time more serious, and frowns appeared on his forehead. "We have like ten minutes!"Ginny glanced at the clock, she was nervous. She got up, and took out the stone from her safe. She placed the Havenake stone on the table, as everyone stared at it. It was the most beautiful thing each of them had ever seen. It truly belonged in heaven."Well, serves her right," Ron said, "The git stole the stone!" He voiced out loud. Ginny and Harry nodded.Ginny held the stone in her hands, and closed her eyes. It was about to happen. Hermione warned her that the second time to feel a near death experience. Minute by minute, second by second...it was time."Ahhhhhhhhhh!" Ginny screamed."What is happening!" Harry shouted. His hands went to Ginny's shoulders to comfort her."NO!" Hermione yelled, "Don't disturb the process!""Ahhh!" Ginny was in an agonizing pain, she sat on the sofa, her screams echoed in the house."Do something!" Ron looked at Hermione."There is nothing we can do!" Hermione said, "I told her the risks before she did this!"Ginny held the stone in her hands tightly, her eyes red and puffy. Harry wished he hadn't agreed to let her in to his dreams. But what was done, was done. This time Hermione had said, Ginny would only come back, if she wanted to, and she could find her way back home.Hey, everyone, please leave a comment or a review! Thanks for reading! Till the next chapter, Alyna.
