Date: August 2020Theme: ReturnWord Count: 248Title: The Annoyances of AltruismSummary: Draco's got some valid complaints, and he'd like a refund toot sweet.Beta-read by: the_interuniversal_geometer (AO3)"What can I help you with, Malfoy?" Harry asks, as he seats himself at his desk in the manager's office of Helping Hands."I'd like a refund of my patronage for the last three events your staff have "helped" me with," Malfoy states baldly."What? Why?" Harry shuffles papers, folders, and notebooks on his desk, searching for the Helper Aid Notice Diary."They were…unsatisfactory.""How so?" Harry asks distractedly as he thumbs through the event logs, transaction receipts, and photographs in the H.A.N.D. book. The past three events Malfoy had needed Helpers for were: an investor conference at Malfoy Holdings; a minor renovation project at the Manor; and his mother's summer solstice ball just last week."McLaggen glad handed potential business partners; Hopkins stripped fifty-year ivy from the entire west wall of the Manor; and Brown dyed the table settings taupe.""What about Padma? She's one of our best.""Patil was…acceptable. But awkward. And swotty. If she's the best you've got, then I'd still like my fees refunded."Harry exhales. "I can't do that, Malfoy. I'm sorry. Those fees pay the staff and cover marketing and supplies. You've hired every single one of our staff over the last six months. And if you're still not satisfied, then there isn't much more we -""Every single one?""What?"Malfoy raises an eyebrow and meet Harry's eyes. "You said I'd hired EVERY single one of your staff."Harry blinks."I don't recall having had the pleasure of YOUR company, Potter."

Date: September 2020Theme: JourneyWord Count: 325Title: Stopping By Woods on a Chilly EveningSummary: Featuring Draco on a mountain top ruminating about saving Harry's life.Twilight. Less than an hour till darkness falls. I should probably set up camp, but it's been another long day of trekking, and I've not the energy to reach for the tent.Sustenance first. It's plain fare: bread, cheese, fruit. The ritual forbids anything more.The view is pleasant enough. Forested mountains with no sight of civilization any longer. Mist creeping across once more to cloak the peaks and troughs. It's getting chillier, but I'm grateful for the lack of rain or snowfall. I'd be more worried about predators, even during wintertime, if I didn't know this path to be well-trod year-round. No sight of any other travelers so far—in either direction— but that could be due to the mystique of the place. As I suspected, it is as much a spiritual journey, requiring solitude and rumination, as a physical one.I ask myself yet again why I chose to undertake it. Promised, even.Is this about adventure? The glory of the heroic quest? The man I'd envisioned myself to be as a young boy? Well-traveled intrepid magician.Boredom? With Scorpius back at Hogwarts, I've even less to occupy my time.Obligation? Hm. That's a possibility.Acclaim and honor as a learned man? Certainly.Curse Granger for getting me involved. Where does she get off showing up on my doorstep—with nary a letter or Floo call—expecting me to set everything aside for this matter? To put her needs—his needs—first?Hermione Granger-Weasley, thirty-page compendium of research notes and medical histories in hand, beseeching me to help her understand and undo a suspected Dark curse that had sent Harry Potter, foolish international liaison, into a month-long coma for which the healers could only scratch their heads and shuffle their papers.This undertaking has not been as straight-forward as I initially expected.Another day and a half before I reach the monastery. Then, the ritual itself.He may not forgive me for this.

Date: October 2020Theme: In the Dead of NightWord Count: 333Title: raison d'etreSummary: For why do we live but for their presence?At first, there is only sound and sight. Harsh yet muted colors that assault the lenses. An indefinite dissonance that deadens the mind. You wince and duck your head as I dig in my heels and breathe deeply at last.You bemoan the process and despair of the nature of things whilst I revel in the experience and curb my melancholy in light of the future reversion.We go back and forth, you and I. You resent my living as I resent your life. But, we understand one another. And as I become you and you become me, we mark the shadows of the darkness together, take our first steps together, lift up our head together, scent the air together.We are one and the same. We are one in the same. United in desire, united in power. United in the ever-present pull towards the two who call us both.They haunt us. For why do we live but for their presence? Why do we race through teeming thoroughfares, through towering trees, if not for this longing we feel? Their call is deep-rooted and persistent.They taunt us. They tease us with their similarities and differences, their nuances drawing us in, ensnaring us.They conceal themselves behind grey shadows, the one reflecting the other. Hiding themselves from our ever-watchful eyes, far beyond our reach in boarded buildings and starry skies.They venture out of their seclusion in the cover of darkness, the one to disappear in the company of others on earth, the other to rise alone proudly amongst the heavens. Aloof and alluring.The one is lovely. Pale. Delicate.Like our mistress, the other.Whereas she is silent and observant, he rarely quietens or notices our attentiveness. Whereas he is sporadic in his attentions, she never wavers from her course.They are perplexingly, fascinatingly changeable in their constancy, just as we are definite in our inconstancy.The other: the goddess we worship nightly in howling song.And the one: they call Draco.A/N:Great! You made it to the end! Did you understand it? I worried it might have been too vague and confusing. Let me know in the comments!The idea was to show werewolf!Harry in the first half of the drabble, transforming and then becoming one with the wolf. They are both separate entities immediately upon transformation but become intertwined once Harry settles into it.The second half of the drabble is an extended simile, drawing parallels between Draco and the moon, showing the simultaneous call both the wolf and Harry the human feel towards both of these beings, in part because of the similarities they share.Inspirations: EXO's "Wolf"/"Wolf Remix" and "Obsession". Could not have written this without these songs.
