Chapter one: The BurrowGinny's summer had been two things: long and boring. She longed to go back to Hogwarts. She missed the long and winding halls, she missed the paintings that always seemed to have something to say. She missed everything about hogwarts! Even the thought of Peeves made her feel warm and comforted! Most of all she missed Quidditch. She hoped to make the team this year. The year before Mum hadn't allowed her to try out. She had said it was far to dangerous and Ginny had decided to not push her luck. Maybe this year. Nothing to dangerous had happened the year before, hopefully she should try out this year! Ginny was a pretty good Quidditch player. She had been sneaking out to take her brother's brooms and practice during the night. She may not have had the nicest broom, or the nicest set of Quidditch balls, (or even a complete set of Quidditch balls) but Ginny had perseverance. She had practiced long and hard for years. She was ready. She was going to ask about joining the Quidditch team."Hey mum?" Ginny asked cautiously. She looked at her mum's face and saw confusion mixed with slight annoyance. Oh no."Yes Ginny?" Asked her mum with a sigh. Ginny's heart sank. She would never get a yes when Mum was in a bad mood. But she had already started the conversation so she didn't really have a choice but ask..."Do you think I could, I could maybe... erm, try out for the Quidditch team this year?" Ginny held her breath and waited for an answer. She hoped with all she had her mum would agree to let her."Ginny, we talked about this last year. Quidditch is dangerous, I don't want you to get hurt.""But mum! That was, it was years ago! Plus Fred and George are in the team. I won't get hurt, promise!" She argued. Her mum was being absurd. It was just Quidditch! She watched as her mum breathed out a heavy sigh."Fine," she said. Ginny smiled so wide it felt like her cheeks would be ripped out. She gave her mother a hug."Thank you, thank you, thank you! You won't regret it, I should start practicing right away and-""But Ginny, I have one condition. If you get a bad enough injury that I have to be owled you have to quit the team, if you even make the team," lectured her mum."Ok," Ginny agreed. Her mum started to speak again and she frowned. Is it another condition? she wondered."We have to pick Harry up from the Dursley's today so you can't practice but we are going to the Quidditch World Cup so I suppose you can watch the players and take notes." Ginny smiled."Ok, thanks again Mum!" In her worries about trying out for Quidditch she had almost forgotten about the Quidditch World Cup. And they were bringing Harry! Ginny had long since gotten over her pathetic schoolgirl crush. Thinking back on it made her blush in embarrassing, but Harry was a nice person to talk to. She hoped they could be friends, and that maybe she could mean more to him than just "Ron's sister". She ran upstairs and sat on her bed. Maybe the summer could be better after all.()After a couple hours her parents yelled up to her room that they were leaving to get Harry and Hermione. Ginny yelled back goodbye and waited for them to return. After about an hour she heard the door open and she stumbled down the stairs."Hi harry," she said. But all she got in response was a quick,"Erm, hello," before he went to hang out with Ron. She frowned and felt a bit disappointed."Hi Ginny!" Hermione said brightly as she followed Ron and Harry. Hermione's cheerful manner did little to mask the disappointment blooming in Ginny's chest.Well, you can't expect a friendship to bloom in a couple minutes. She decided to be friendly towards Harry and hopefully he would return the gesture eventually. Ginny wasn't sure why becoming friends with Harry was so important to her. It was probably because she had few, well more like no, friends. She had been too caught up in being controlled by the diary in her first year to make friends and in her second year she had been known as "the girl who knew you know who" by almost everyone and known as "muggleborn killer" by a few particularly nasty students. Either way, it made it nearly impossible to make friends. Last year she had thrown herself into her studies, substituting grades and books for friends. She hoped this year could be different, and that maybe her nicknames would be gone- or at least fewer than the year before. She knew it was unlikely but still, she could hope.()"Dinner!" Called her mum."Coming!" A chorus of voices responded. Ginny heard thumping on the stairs and someone yell, "No running in the halls!""We're not at Hogwarts Percy, or did you forget? You prefect badge and head boy status mean nothing here at the burrow!" Ginny knew it was Fred and Percy, arguing as usual. She heard a loud sigh as she walked down the stairs and took a seat at the dinner table. Dinner that night was a loud mix of complimenting the food and talking about how exited everyone was for the Quidditch World Cup."It's gonna be amazing Harry. Just Bloody Brilliant!" Ron said excitedly. Harry had just shrugged awkwardly and agreed. Nobody seemed to notice how uncomfortable Harry felt- everyone except Ginny. She went to bed that night thinking about Quidditch and friends. She dreamt about going to the Quidditch World Cup. She dreamt that one of the Quidditch players asked her to compete with them and that Ginny helped them to win the World Cup. It was a fabulous dream.Ch

Chapter two: the Quidditch World CupGinny woke up early the next morning- too early. She and the rest of the family met up with the Diggory's. Mr. Diggory, Mrs. Diggory, and their son Cedric were waiting for them. Mr. Diggory was standing by something, it looked to be a smallish object protruding from the ground. Mr. Diggory kept talking about the Quidditch match that Harry had the lost the year before to Cedric. It was exhausting really, hearing him brag about his son's Quidditch abilities. When Ginny glanced over at Cedric she saw his face was bright red, probably from embarrassment. She felt bad for him. Ginny listened as her dad explained that the object in the ground was a portkey. When they touched it, it would take them to the Quidditch World Cup. They were warned to not let go and also that the sensation of being transported was far from pleasant. Mum told everyone to form a circle around the portkey."On the count of three we all touch the portkey, okay?" Said Dad."Okay," came a mix of voices."One, two, THREE!" Ginny thrust out her hand and grabbed the portkey. She shut her eyes tight and felt a strange sucking feeling in her stomach. Her head hurt painfully and she felt like she was going to be sick. It was over in less than a couple of seconds and Ginny opened her eyes. She felt a tiny bit a relief when she saw that her siblings were just as flustered as she was. Ginny followed her family to a tent, when she looked inside she saw just how big it really was. There were multiple rooms and carpeting. It looked like a small house."Everyone, make yourself at home," mum said. Ginny explored the tent (if you could call it that) and found a kitchen. Harry, Ron, Hermione and the twins were standing there. They all waited until her parents told everyone the game was starting. Ginny followed everyone (it seemed like she was doing this a lot) to where the Quidditch game was happening. The game was wonderful. The crowds were cheering and the snacks were great. Ginny cheered for her team and felt pure happiness. Today has been perfect. Once it was halftime the family made there way back to the tent. Everyone was running around and talking excitedly about the game."Did you see her?""Yeah I did.""So beautiful."And that play!""Yeah it was awesome!" Voices clambered on top of each other, cheering for the plays they loved and complaining about the other team. It was great. Suddenly her dad came running in."We've got to go. Now." He looked scared. Ginny felt her heart drop. If her dad was scared, it must be serious. George started to ask why but her dad cut him off."No time for questions, we've got to go, right now!" Everyone followed him out of the tent and Ginny saw something in the sky that only made the terror she felt grow. A glowing green and white snake with a skull. The dark mark. The mark of death eaters, of you know who. They were here. She started running as fast as she could away from the murderous sign. She heard screams and saw fires start. She screamed when she saw one start only a couple feet away from her. She sprinted into the forest near the Quidditch site. She curled herself up into a ball under a tree and whimpered. Why do the bad things always happen when I'm happy? She waited for awhile before she heard leaves rustling. Ginny pulled out her wand and stood up. She didn't know many offensive spells but there was always obscuro which would create a blindfold over her attackers eyes or expelliarmus which would cause the attackers wand to fly out of their hand. As soon as the stranger was in eyesight Ginny pulled out her wand."Expelliarmus!" She yelled and pointed her wand. She didn't wait to see if it worked for her to yell another spell, "obscuro!""Hey! Jeez calm down it's just me," the stranger said. Except it wasn't a stranger, it was Fred."Oh, sorry," Ginny said. She was sorry. But also a bit proud she managed to hex her older brother."Dad! We found her!" Fred yelled. We? Soon her dad came running towards her. Accompanying him was George and Percy."Where's Ron and Harry? And Hermione?" Ginny asked. She hoped they were ok."We... can't find them," her mum admitted. What?! Ginny's hand's clenched. Where were they? "We have to go look for them!""That's what we were doing Ginny. We were looking for you and the rest when we found you," explained Percy. "You're right though, we should get back to looking." They searched the forest for the others as everyone explained what had happened."...we were running out of the tent when we saw the.." he dropped his voice lower, as thought it was a bad word, "...dark mark..." his voice returned to its normal, quiet, tone, "then you started running and we tried to chase after you but then somebody shot out fire and we were separated. Then we realized that Ron, Harry, and Hermione were gone too. I guess we got separated from them during the time when we chased after you. Ginny felt guilty. It was her fault everyone had gotten separated! Apparently George could sense her guilt because he said "now Ginny, don't blame yourself!"Fred chipped in with a "yeah, blame those filthy death eaters." Mum sent him a glare."What? It's true. She's gonna have to find out sometime," he said. After lots of searching, they finally found the trio and everything was sorted out. Apparently they also started chasing after Ginny, but Hermione and Ron realized Harry was missing so they left to go look for him. They did find him but were unable to find everyone else so they ran out into the woods so they could get away from the fires. Ginny's mum and dad said that it was okay and that they were just glad that everyone was safe but she could see the look of worry plastered across their face. They were scared.

Chapter threeGinny got onto the Hogwarts express and waved goodbye to her mum. It was her third year and yet she still watched a few tears fall from her mum's face. Every single year she had gone to Hogwarts her mum had cried. Every single year. Last year her mum had almost decided she couldn't go to Hogwarts. That was fun, she thought bitterly."But mum!", she had cried. "It's not fair! Ron gets to go- and so does Harry!""Ron and Harry weren't abducted by-"I wasn't abducted!""Well you were being controlled by" Mum had dropped her voice into a whisper "you know who's diary."They had argued for weeks before her Dad had finally stepped in and convinced her mum to allow her to go. Her mum hadn't let her play Quidditch that year but Ginny figured it was better to just be happy she could return to Hogwarts.Thankfully the year before had been pretty calm. Sure, Sirius black the killer had been on the loose but he hadn't caused much harm. Plus, she had overheard Ron and Harry talking about Sirius Black during the summer and judging from the tone of voice they were using, Ron and Harry had gone after and even met the killer. If Ron could survive it, so could she.Unfortunately the year had been terrible. Teasing, name calling, bullying, you name it. It seemed like everyone hated Ginny. But at least she had gotten to go.Ginny had thought her mum was being irrational. She still thought her mum had been being irrational. Frankly, she was worried her mum wouldn't let them go back to Hogwarts after what happened at the Quidditch World Cup but thankfully it seemed that although what had happened was scary- it didn't need to interfere with their education. Thank goodness, she thought.Ginny sat down in her seat. When the chocolate trolley came along she politely refused. It wasn't that she didn't like candy, she just didn't have any spare money to buy it with.Pretty soon after that, a strange girl came to her seat. She said something but Ginny wasn't paying attention to her words. Ginny was transfixed by her beauty. The girl had long blond hair and huge triangle shaped glasses covering her eyes. They were silver, with specks of grey and blue. Ginny was sure she had never seen prettier eyes."So?", the girl asked."Oh um, what were you saying? I'm sorry I wasn't paying attention," Ginny stuttered. Something about this girl made her stomach flutter and her head swim. It made it hard to pay attention. Ginny looked at her face and searched for some sort of emotion. She was expecting hurt or confusion, but instead she saw calm and understanding."I understand. It can be easy to get distracted by the things in life. I often find myself confused in conversation. I was asking if you wanted a copy of the quibbler? My dad writes it. This year he said I could help sell them. Would you like one?" The blond girl asked."Oh um, sure." Ginny cleared her voice and tried to clear her head. "I'd love a copy. Do you want to sit with me?" Ginny crossed her fingers and hoped she said yes. There was something about this girl. She was beautiful of course but also seemed like a good person. A kindred spirit, you could say. She wanted to get to know this strange, beautiful, girl.The girl looked around the train. "I would sit with you but I should try to sell, the rest of these quibblers," she said with a sigh. God, even her sighs seem graceful, Ginny swooned.Ginny sighed. The girl had a large stack of magazines tucked under her arm. Ginny knew most people wouldn't be so kind and buy them. She hoped that at least the girl wouldn't be made fun of but Ginny knew she would probably get teased and, speaking from experience, Ginny didn't want the girl to get teased."What if I helped you sell them during the dinner at Hogwarts?" Ginny asked. She didn't want the girl going around selling them but if she was with her then maybe she could at least stop some of the bullies from teasing her.The girl looked at her happily. "That sounds great!" The blond slid into the seat next to her. Well, she didn't really slide. Her movement was more like she was gliding or floating above the air. The girl reminded her of water spirt. Like the kind she had seen in books."Before I forget to ask, what's your name?""Oh, I'm Luna Lovegood. Who are you?""I'm Ginny. Ginny Weasley." So this was Luna Lovegood. She couldn't remember seeing her around but she had overheard the cruel whispers of loony Lovegood. She searched Luna's face for signs of worry or hurt but all she found was happiness. Did the cruel whispers not affect her?"Well hello Ginny. What year are you in? This is my fourth," Luna asked."I'm in my third." Ginny couldn't believe she wasn't already leaving. Her first year mistakes had branded her as the girl who opened the chamber of secrets. Most people tried to avoid her when they found out who she was. But hey, maybe this year could be different. Maybe some of them had forgotten about the chamber of secrets, or at least didn't care so much.The two girls talked for the entire train ride. It seemed like the train ride lasted for days, but in a good way. Ginny couldn't get enough of Luna. She seemed so mysterious and intriguing. Ginny couldn't help but feel butterflies in her stomach whenever Luna opened her mouth.She felt as though she had been friends with her for years, instead of hours.She found out that Luna was in the Ravenclaw house, she loved selling the quibbler, that there were lots of creatures that most people were afraid of but Luna loved, and that she had a strange friendship with most of the Hogwarts teachers.When they got back to the castle Ginny parted ways with luna and sat down at the Gryffindor table while Luna sat at the Ravenclaw one. Dinner was a blur and all Ginny could think about was Luna.How her hair fell gracefully off her head, how her eyes seemed to sparkle when she smiled. Oh, and her smile. It was like sparkling diamonds, she looked so happy. It was an emotion Ginny didn't see that much.After the dinner she made her way to her dorm and collapsed in bed. She feel asleep thinking of Luna.

Chapter four: PuffapodsGinny woke up and scurried off to her classes. She and Luna didn't have any together since, she had found out, Luna was a fourth year.She hoped the week would go by quickly and that she wouldn't be assigned too much homework.On the first day of her week of classes, she bumped into Luna in the halls. Literally."Oh, I-I'm sorry. L-let me help y-you," Ginny stuttered.Just the sight of Luna made her head swim and her stomach flutter. What was it about this girl that makes me so nervous? Normally Ginny was headstrong and confident, she rarely backed down from a fight. Everyone knew that, but being around Luna made her trip over her words and butterflies fill her stomach. Nervous, but exited butterflies.Ginny blushed and picked up the books Luna had dropped when they bumped together."It's ok, I've dropped my books loads of times, I'm sure one more drop won't hurt," Luna said calmly.She smiled as Ginny handed some of the books back to her. How was she managing to stay so calm? She began to panic a bit on the inside."Erm, yeah, sorry," Ginny said with a nervous laugh.She was having a hard time deciding whether she loved being with Luna or hated being with her. She always got so, so- so nervous around Luna but she was so beautiful and mysterious. She was so calm and kind, and seemed so understanding. Ginny longed to get to know her- to spend time with her. Luna made her feel a way nobody else did."I've got to get to classes now, we can talk later?" Asked Ginny.Ugh, did I really just say that? Way to be lame Ginny. Ginny was afraid that Luna would think she was lame or weird after saying that but fortunately Luna smiled, said,"Of course." And walked to her classes.Ginny sighed in awe. She had the best walk. Is that a thing? Do people have different ways to walk? Do people notice the way I walk? She shrugged and pulled out her list of classes.Today she had Herbology with Hufflepuff, then Charms with Ravenclaw, then she had lunch. After lunch was Care of Magical creatures with Slytherin, and her last class was History of Magic with... Ravenclaw again.Ugh. Ginny liked most of her classes but Professor Binns made everything so boring. Herbology with Professor Sprout wasn't too bad though.Ginny hurried to the greenhouse, where Professor Sprout was getting ready to teach them about a pink plant with pink pods held in the leaves."Now that everyone is here, I will start teaching you about this plant. Does anyone know what it is?"Ginny remembered seeing it before. Had Ron said something about them? Oh... wasn't it... that they made some creature sneeze? Trolls? Professor sprout called on a brown haired Hufflepuff student. She looked very kind, Ginny couldn't remember hearing the girl tease her the year before."I believe it's a puffapod," the girl said."That is correct! Five points to Hufflepuff. Does anyone know what the puffapod does?"Oh! I know this one. Ginny raised her hand."Ginny?" Professor Sprout asked."The puffapod can cause dizziness when it blooms. Trolls are allergic to it too.""That is correct. Five points to Gryffindor. The puffapod has a rather particular way of blooming. Does anyone know how?" When nobody raised their hand Professor Sprout continued. "When the Puffapod comes in contact with a solid surface, it will immediately sprout. Now, as for you homework..."()Ginny walked out of class, now with her first assignment of the year. She had to write an essay on the properties of a puffapod. Great, she thought sarcastically.In charms they learned the cheering charm. They weren't allowed to practice it in class though. Charms homework was to write a page on how the cheering charm was invented.At lunch she worked on her Herbology essay. Then it was time for Care of Magical Creatures with Hagrid. She walked to his hut and pulled out her book. It was a nasty looking book. It was covered in matted fur and looked to have fangs clasping the side. She wondered how she was expected to open the darn thing. Hagrid was waiting by his hut for everyone to arrive."Hullo everyone! You all can call me Hagrid, ther'll be no need for Professor in my class," Hagrid said cheerily.He looked so exited. Ginny smiled."Today we'll be 'learnin 'bout flobberworms." Hagrid pulled out a what looked to be a giant worm."Now the flobberworm has some interesting properties..."()It turned out that learning about flobberworms was dreadfully boring. Ginny had hoped to learn about something more interesting, like the hippogriff Ron got to learn about the year before! She guessed that after the Malfoy disaster last year, Hagrid was going to teach about less dangerous creatures. One perk about Magical Creatures was that they weren't assigned much homework, so that was nice.Ginny walked slowly to her next class and worked on her Puffapod essay. She was in no hurry to get to History of Magic. She could probably skip class and Professor Binns wouldn't notice. Sure, she would get in trouble with Professor McGonnagall but... no. She wanted to make friends this year, and losing the house points wouldn't help.()Once she was in History, Ginny pulled out her homework and worked on it. By the time class was over she had finished all of her Herbology homework and half of her Charms paper.She walked back to her dorm and sat down in the common room. She saw her brother and his friends all huddled up on a couch. They were saying something to Harry and he kept arguing that he was fine. She sighed. She wished she could have a friendship like that. Someone who cared about her, and asked her how she was doing. Someone to meet up with after classes and someone she could pass notes. But, she didn't.So she decided to go to the library and work on her homework. Besides, who needs friends anyway?

Chapter five: what's a thestral?Authors note: hey everyone! Thanks to the two people who followed my story, that means a lot to me! Anyway, I've realized that I like writing this story way more than I thought I would and I've decided to post chapters more than every other day. I will be trying to post every day however... I might not. I will definitely post every other day but don't be surprised if you see I post an extra chapter! Ginny hopped through the fat lady's portrait into the hall. She winced when her bag of books slammed against her leg. Normally she didn't carry so many books but she was going on a study date with Luna and wasn't sure what they were going to do exactly...()Ginny arrived in the library and found a table to sit at. She fiddled with her nails as she waited for Luna. When will she be here? Is she ditching me? Maybe standing me up? No, you can't be stood up if you aren't going on a date. Right?Ginny wasn't totally sure what qualified as being stood up. She just hoped that Luna arrived. After about five minutes (but felt like 3 hours) Luna arrived. She was holding a few books. Ginny gestured towards the empty seat next to her."You can sit here, if you want.""Thank you," Luna said as she sat down in the empty seat. Luna pulled out a hair clip and used it to secure a few strands of hair."Erm, now that you're here, what would y-you like to work on? We could do charms, or- or potions. Although I suck at potions. Maybe we could study, um transfiguration. Or um, maybe care of magical creatures?" Ginny sighed internally.She had started rambling. Rambling! Ginny Weasley didn't ramble! Or stutter! Or feel like butterflies were flying in her stomach whenever she talked to people or start feeling nervous. Well, I guess I've established that Luna makes me do lots of things I don't normally do. But despite all of the nerves and stuttering, all Ginny wanted to do was spend time with Luna. Oh no, Luna... she probably thinks I'm crazy or stupid or both. Ginny looked up at Luna, expecting to see that she was weirded out or maybe that she pitied Ginny. But instead she saw a smile."Care of magical creatures is my favorite. We could always study that."Ginny shot her a grateful smile."Ok." Ginny started to take out her Care of Magical Creatures book."We don't need that, I've got some really interesting books right here," Luna interrupted."Um... ok," Ginny said. She was confused. Luna pulled out a book with a brilliantly illustrated cover. Then she opened it up and started reading.()()()It turned out that Luna's book was filled with lots of interesting magical creatures. It talked about unicorns and hippogriffs and so many other creatures. Eventually they got to the topic of thestrals."Erm, Luna? What is a thestral?""You mean the creatures that pull the carriages?" Ginny looked at her in confusion. Pulled the carriages? "Wait, the carriages aren't pulled by anything. I thought they were magicked to fly by themselves.""No, they are pulled by thestrals. You can only see the thestrals if you've witnessed a death though, so it's not surprising you can't see them," Luna explained."Oh, can you see them?" Asked Ginny."Yes," Luna said sadly. Noticing Ginny's curiosity Luna explained further, "my mum dies when I was eight. She was a bit crazy and she loved to experiment with magic. One day her experimenting went wrong and," Luna gestured with her hands. "I saw her die," she said quietly."I'm sorry," Ginny said in what she hoped to be a comforting tone."Thank you. Here's what the thestrals look like." Luna held up a piece of paper she had been drawing on.The thestrals looked like Pegasus but bonier and more scary looking. They had almost no fur and grey skin seemed to hang from the bones. It was a great drawing."Wow. I didn't know you were such a good artist!" Luna blushed."Thank you," she said shyly. "Most people are scared of thestrals but I think they're quite nice. Sometimes I find them in the forbidden forest, they always come up to me and I've never gotten attacked. I find them to be peaceful creatures."Ginny wondered if Luna knew that the forbidden forest was, well, forbidden. Judging by the tone of voice she used when talking about it she either (a, didn't care, or (b, didn't know.Probably a mix of both."Maybe sometime you can take me to see them," Ginny said quickly and instantly regretted saying it.Thestrals seem to be important to her, what if I'm being too personal? Will she get mad? Ugh, WHY AM I SO NERVOUS? Ginny screamed out her thoughts. Her stomach was doing that weird butterfly-fluttery thing again and her hands were cold and clammy. Thankfully Luna didn't seem mad at all."Maybe I should. Do you want to go to hogsmead with me sometime?" Luna asked."Yeah. That sounds perfect."()The study date at the library had been a success! Luna didn't seem to hate her and they had plans to got to hogsmead. This brought on another onslaught of worries. Not the fact that Luna didn't hate her, the trip the hogsmead. Ginny had never been to hogsmead before since she was a third year and this was her first year being allowed to go. She had heard her brother's talk about it before but... Fred and George had a tendency to stretch the truth a bit and Ginny doubted that half the things they said were true.What if I make a fool of myself? Ginny hoped all would be ok. She tried to think of calming thoughts. Luna seems understanding, I doubt she'll be mad if I don't make my way around so well. Plus we haven't even turned in our permission slips yet. We probably won't go to hogsmead for another two weeks anyways. It will be fine. Ginny thought calming thoughts until she finally went to sleep.

Chapter fiveGinny woke up late. Really late. It was already ten AM by the time she was awake! She had panicked for a moment but then remembered that it was Saturday and laid back down in the bed.It was such a comfortable bed. So soft and pillowy. It was a lot nicer of a bed than the one she had at home.Her own room at home was very bland. There was a bed in the corner. Next to the bed was a dresser with some pictures. She had a few Quidditch posters hanging on her wallls but not much.Her Hogwarts room felt more like home than her other room did anyway. She went down to eat some sort of breakfast. She wasn't sure if breakfast was still an option at 10:30 but... she was starving.To Ginny's delight, breakfast was, in fact, still happening. She loaded her plate with eggs and sausages and sat down. Pretty soon her owl came swooping in and dropped a letter, along with the Daily Prophet, onto her lap. The letter was from her mum.Dear Ginny, I miss you so much dear! I do hope that things at Hogwarts are going well. Have you gotten into any danger yet? I hope the answer is no. By the way, have you made any friends yet? If not, I'm sure that being on the quidditch team will help. When are tryouts? I'd like to know so I can owl you some sort of good luck present. I've got so many questions for you. Like, how are Ron and Harry? Are they staying out of trouble? Are you staying out trouble? I hope so. Be safe! Love, MumP.S I sent you a back to school gift. The owl wasn't strong enough to carry it so the gift will be coming later! Ginny smiled. She was glad her mum was supporting quidditch. She would have to find out when tryouts were soon so she could send an owl back to her mum. Suddenly another owl came swooping onto the table and dropped a letter in her lap."For me?" Ginny asked.The owl simply flew away. She didn't recognize the owl at all. Perhaps it's the gift mum was talking about? She opened the letter.Dear Ginny,I wrote this poemSo I couldSay all the things I want sayLike how I loveYour pretty smileAnd you're all I think ofEvery dayI wish I could tell youBut I'm too afraidOf rejection and denial But just know, please knowI'd give up everything to be the reason you smileIt was... a love poem? And unsigned? It must be a prank. Probably Fred and George wanting to get a good laugh. But... it's too pretty to be the work of Fred and George. Sure, the poem didn't stick to a rhyming pattern and it certainly wasn't perfect. But it was close to the heart. It was sweet. But then who could have sent it? Ginny tucked the letters in her bag and walked up all the stairs to her dorm.Who designed the dorm placements anyway? Slytherin is all the way in the dungeons. Gryffindor is all the way at the top of a tower. It was almost like the founders knew there would be a Slytherin/Gryffindor rivalry so they made sure the dorm rooms were as far away as possible.Halfway up the stairs, Ginny changed her mind and went to the owlery. She found some parchment and a quill and started to write her letter.Dear mum,I haven't gotten in any trouble. I don't think that Ron or Harry has either. The quidditch tryout dates haven't been announced yet but I will make sure to tell you when I find out! Your gift hasn't came but I did receive a- Ginny paused, should she tell her mum about the letter? Maybe her mum could ask her brothers? It probably couldn't hurt. She crumbled up the letter and threw it away. She decided to start over.Dear mum,No, I haven't gotten into any trouble. I do not think the boys have either. However, I received a love poem in the mail from an owl I didn't recognize. Would you mind owling the boys to see if they sent it as a prank? As for quidditch tryouts, they haven't been announce yet. I will make sure to owl you as soon as I find out. I hope I make the team! Your gift hasn't come yet though I suppose that's to be expected. School is going well. I met this girl named Luna and she seems very nice. She gets made fun of a lot so she understands how it feels to be bullied. I feel bad for her, she's very... eccentric. People like to call her Loony as a nickname. I hope everything is going well at the burrow!Love,Ginny.Ginny wondered if she should try to send a letter to the secret admirer but then decided against it. The owl would probably get lost and then she would have no owl until she could find him.She sealed her letter to Mum and gave it to her family's owl. She watched as it flew away.Ginny wished she could just fly away from her troubles. It must be so nice, to be an owl. At any moment, if things get to much for you or you just want to leave, you can fly away. It must be marvelous.Ginny waited there, in the owlery, for a long time. She didn't know what she was waiting for exactly, it just felt nice to be there, surrounded by things that wouldn't, and couldn't judge you.That was, until a rather pretty, blond, fourth year walked into the owlery."Hello Ginny."

Chapter seven: It... can't beA/N: ok this might be a long author's note. I have a few things to address.One: I'm starting hybrid learning so I will have to go to school in person some days. I do a lot of my writing during online school so this will give me less time to do so. I try to write a chapter a day but I may not have enough time now. I will still be updating every other day but there might be less extra chapters. I will just have to see how it goes! Two: so far two people have commented and I have NO IDEA how to respond to comments! I know I cannot respond to guest accounts but at this point I am just confused. I might end up posting singular updates responding to comments if I can't figure out how to respond normally.Thank you to all the people who have shown support for this fic, it means a lot! - BlueBelleInternalized homophobia in this chapter()"Hello Ginny.""Oh, erm... hi Luna." Ginny's cheeks flushed and her heart started pounding. She suddenly became very nervous. She was worried Luna would think she was weird, or creepy, or- bloody heck, has this been what my life has come too? Why am I obsessing over what she thinks of me?As much as she wanted the nervousness to go away she couldn't. Her stomach was fluttering and her head was spinning. She hoped that she didn't look as much of a mess on the outside as she was on the inside. Please let me not make a fool of myself. "What are you doing here?" The blond asked.Ginny looked at her in disbelief. Did she really not think badly of her? So far it felt like all she had done was make a fool of herself in front of Luna and somehow, somehow she didn't care."I'm just sending a letter to my mum. Normally she checks in with me after the first week of school and I just decided to send a return letter so she doesn't, you know, worry about me or anything. Or worry about my brothers or-"Ginny stopped herself. She was rambling again. So much for not making a fool out of myself. Ugh, what was it about this girl? She makes me feel so nervous, but I love spending time with her. It's like the nervous-y feeling aren't pleasant but I'm willing to overlook them for... what? Luna? I'm willing to overlook bad feelings for a girl I've only known for a week? Ginny asked herself that but she already knew the answer. It was yes. She was always willing to drop everything for just seeing Luna. Maybe she couldn't admit it to herself yet, but it was true. Whether she liked it or not.Luna laughed. It was a sweet sounding laugh. Loud and quick. Kind of like the tinkling of bells."I think it's cute that you sent a letter to your mum. I'm sure she'll be happy," Luna said."So, um, why are you here?" Ginny asked. Now that the initial embarrassment had worn of she was curious as to what the other girl was doing here.Luna blushed profusely."N-nothing," she stammered, clearly embarrassed. Ginny wondered why."Ok... do you want to go do something? We could go hang out in the common room or somewhere else if you want," Ginny suggested."No," Luna started to say. Her heart dropped and she felt a wave of disappointment crash over her."Oh. Ok," she said sadly as she started to walk out the room."Wait, Ginny. You didn't let me finish. I'd rather stay here, in the owlery... with you," Luna said quietly.Ginny blushed in embarrassment. She took a few steps closer to Luna. Luna walked towards her until they were so close Ginny could feel luna's breath on her."Ok," she whispered. She looked into Luna's eyes. They were so beautiful. She looked at her face and tried to memorize every bit of it. She wanted luna's face to be etched into her mind. First, her eyes. They were big and beautiful. Then, her lips. They were a light pink. They looked so soft. Her cheeks, they were light red. Ginny realized that Luna had been blushing and awkwardly took a few steps backward. She didn't want to make Luna uncomfortable. Even if she had been the one to close the gap between them... She noticed that Luna was blushing an even deeper red."S-sorry," Ginny stammered."It's ok," Luna reassured.They went over to the windowsill. It had a part that was jutting out as a seat. Ginny sat down on it and Luna sat next to her. Luna put her head in her lap and Ginny played with her hair. They talked about lots of things. School work, homework, Quidditch."I can't wait for the tryouts.""Are you trying out? Or do you just like watching them?""I'm trying out. I've always loved playing quidditch, and I'd like to be on the team. What about you?""I like to watch. I'm rubbish at quidditch but I like to think I'm good at cheering the teams on.""About a year ago I remember seeing a girl wearing a giant paper mache lion's head at a quidditch match between Slytherin and Gryffindor. Was that you?"Luna blushed."Yes, that was me.""That was some dedication to quidditch. When I play will you come watch me?""Of course.""And will you wear that giant lion head?" Ginny teased.Luna laughed and sat up so she could look at Ginny."Hey!"Ginny felt mildly uncomfortable with Luna so close but she didn't want it to stop."Calm down, I'm teasing. It would be terrific though if you could wear it. That lion head was awesome.""Really?" Luna asked softly."Really." Ginny gazed into her eyes. She suddenly felt an urge to kiss her. A mental image flashed in her brain. Ginny... kissing a girl. But not just any girl... Luna. No. It can't be! I'm not... I can't... it's not.. no! Nononono! Ginny hopped off the windowsill and backed away."I'm sorry... I-I- I can't," Ginny stuttered.Luna looked at her in confusion. "You can't what?""No, no, I'm sorry. I just- I just-"Luna sprang off the windowsill and looked at Ginny, straight in the eyes."What is it? Did I do something? I'm sorry if I did." No! It's not your fault. I've got to get out of here. "N-no it's not you. I've g-got to go. I'm sorry, I really am." Ginny ran out of the owlery, leaving a very confused Luna behind.

Chapter eight: RealizationHey! Chapter eight already! Wow. Reminder that I can't respond to guest accounts so if you have a comment then you have to send it to me directly. A bit of homophobia in this chapterGinny sprinted down the Hogwarts halls. Her heart was racing, her head was pounding. A few times prefects told her to stop but she ignored them. Finally she had to stop running. She looked down and started panting. She realized she was gasping for air. Ginny clutch her side and tried to breathe. As soon as the pain stopped and she could breathe again, Ginny collapsed on the ground. She made sure the passage was isolated before she burst into tears.Why is this happening to me? What did I do to deserve this?She just wanted the fluttery feeling in her stomach to disappear. She wished with all her heart she could just be... normal. No Tom Riddle or the diary. No fluttery feelings or unwanted attraction. She couldn't be... gay.Ugh. What would my parents say? I can't be. I just can't.Besides, she liked boys. That had to count for something... right? But Luna. She was so perfect, just absolutely beautiful. So kind, and understanding. Ginny would live her whole life without kissing another boy if it meant she could spend it with Luna. What do I do? She groaned and clutched her head.Why? Why does it have to be me?She just wanted to deny her feelings. Pretend that she felt no different around Luna than she did around others. Pretend that she was normal.What will my parents think? Probably that I'm broken or sick.Her parents would never accept. Ever. They had told her over and over again how wrong it is."Why?" She had asked."Because Ginny, it's wrong. Two girls or two guys, it's not the natural way. Kissing I can stand. I will not support but I can accept. But marriage? No. Ginny, you can never allow your beliefs to allow same gender marriage. Remember that marriage is a sacred ceremony between a man and a woman. Anyone who thinks otherwise is... sick. And they will need to be cured."."What about Charlie?""What Charlie is doing is very wrong. I told him that he should get some help but he refuses. This is his choice, we cannot do anything but express the fact it is wrong."She had believed them at first. She thought that they were right. That it was a sickness. That it was unnatural. But then she had taken a trip to Romania and seen Charlie. They was so happy, he and his boyfriend. How could something so sweet be a sickness? How could that be bad. She didn't agree with her family's opinions. Not at all. But she was still living under their roof and she still loved them. She couldn't ever tell them how she felt. Ever. The consequences would be devastating and she certainly didn't want to get... cured. Whatever that meant.Well, I would like to get cured. It would make things quite a bit easier. That's what she told herself. But deep down inside, she knew it wasn't true./\/\/\/\/\/\Ginny spent the rest of the day sorting out her thoughts and trying to figure out a solution./\/\/\/\/\/\Ginny woke up and realized she was still in the hallway she had ran away too. She neck was cramped and her back hurt from falling asleep against the wall. She groaned as she remembered the events that had taken place the day before. She wasn't sure what she was going to do. On one hand she felt very, very, awkward around Luna and also wasn't sure if she could be around her without freaking out. On the other hand, she adored spending time with Luna and if she was being honest... it felt nice to have a friend. Luna was a great friend. She was great at listening and was just overall a nice person to spend time with. Ginny wasn't sure if she was ready to lose that. She ended up walking to her dorm and laying under her bead. She thought over all of the details and things she felt for a long time before coming to a decision. She realized a few things.One: she had a crush on Luna Lovegood. It wasn't debatable. Ginny was one that liked to find out facts. She always had a way of sorting information through her brain. All of the symptoms added up. The sweaty palms, fluttery stomach, her head spinning. Everything pointed to having a crush. Not to mention the mental image of her kissing Luna that constantly played on repeat in her mind. It somehow felt wrong... but also very right. There was her mother's voice in her head, "it's a sickness. Anyone who thinks otherwise needs to be cured." But also Luna's. Soft and understanding and nonjudgmental.Two: she wasn't straight, but she also wasn't... gay. She didn't think she was ready for a specific label yet but one couldn't like girls and also be straight now, could they?And three: Luna must never, ever know. It would mess everything up. Luna would feel awkward and Ginny would feel awkward. Luna would probably think she was disgusting and awful. She'd probably lose her friendship. Luna would stop talking to her or worse... Luna would tell people and she would be a laughing stock. Just one more thing to add to her ruined reputation.Ginny shuddered as she thought about the cruel nicknames that could follow her coming out. From a wide range of slurs to made up nicknames, the teasing would be unbearable. She sighed and crawled out from under her bed.She paid no attention to her roommates. The rooms were split into a room of three and a room of two. Ginny shared a room with two girls.One had light brown skin and short brown hair. Her name was... Addison Levi.Ginny knew that Levi was half blood. Levi often passed glares and was quick to blame Ginny of any problems. The other girl was friends with Levi. She knew the other was muggleborn and frankly, terrified of Ginny. She had been since the second year, after she had found out about the "incident". Ginny couldn't remember her name. Her roommates weren't mean but they certainly weren't nice. For the most part, they ignored her. This was good since Ginny often snuck out.She crawled into her bed and pulled over the soft, breezy, blanket. It was enchanted to keep her cool in the summer and warm in the winter. All the blankets were.Despite being heavily exhausting, Ginny had a hard time falling asleep. Maybe it was everything she had realized or maybe she was worried, but either way Ginny had a hard and restless night.

Chapter nine:Authors note: this is a long chapter for you guys! I'd just like to say that I write fanfiction purely for fun. I'm not an experienced writer nor am I trying to be. Commenting spelling errors is super helpful and I encourage it but please don't point out bad writing or judge this too harshly please. I'd like it if all comments could be positive please! Thank you, and enjoy. Ginny stood in the library, looking at Luna."Hello Ginny," Luna said with a cruel sneer that was completely unlike her nature. "Hi Luna," Ginny said hesitantly. She walked forwards and waved. She watched as Luna extended a hand. Ginny grabbed it, as if to shake hands but Luna thrust her towards the ground. Suddenly all the students were in the library watching them. "W-what are you doing?" Ginny asked."Your a monster!" Luna yelled. "You have a sickness!""What are you talking about?!" Ginny cried."Don't play dumb with me. I see the way you look at me in the halls, how you blush when I talk. Your sick! You have to be cured!" Ginny screamed as Luna kicked her nose. She looked up to try and plead with Luna but saw her mum instead."Come with me Ginny, you have a sickness. It needs to be cured," her mum said in a haunting tone."N-no!" Ginny protested. She begged to stay at Hogwarts as her mum dragged her away. All of the students faces were blurring around her and a sea of voices chanted, "You have a sickness. You have a sickness.""Come along Ginny, you need to be cured."Luna woke up. She was sweating and her heart raced. She quietly walked to the bathroom and doused her face in cold water. She locked the door and looked at herself in the mirror. She could still hear the voices chanting in her head.You have a sickness, you have a sickness. She screamed in her head for it to stop. The voices felt as though they were getting louder, though Ginny knew it was all in her head. She quickly threw open the toilet seat and vomited. She sat there, on the floor for a while. She felt a bit better and the voices were gone, but she had a raging headache. Eventually she crawled back to her bed and tried to fall asleep.()It was very early when Ginny woke up. Well, she didn't really wake up per-se, she just got tired of laying in bed and decided that 5 am was an appropriate time to get up. She hadn't gotten much rest after the nightmare. She drifted in and out of sleep for hours before she decided to ditch the idea of sleep altogether. Her headache was still painful and she felt awful but she managed to get dressed and walk down to the great hall. It was a Sunday so she didn't have classes. Thank goodness. She piled some eggs onto her plate and ate sleepily. There were only a few other students eating, since it was so early. There were two girls sitting at the Ravenclaw table. They looked to be first years and to be friends. There was one boy sitting alone at the Hufflepuff table. He looked older. Probably fifth or sixth. She surveyed the Slytherin table and to her surprise she saw Draco Malfoy. He wasn't eating, just sitting there, looking anxious. She felt a but of pity before remembering all the times he had called her family blood traitors and she couldn't forget how awful he was to Hermione. She quickly looked away. Ginny seemed to be the only one sitting at the Gryffindor table. Huh. Ginny sighed. She knew what she had to do. Confront Luna and apologize for the day before. Hopefully Luna wouldn't be mad. That was the main concern. But the dream kept playing in her head. She could still head her mother's voice.Your sick, Ginny, and you have to be cured. Your sick. Your sick. She clutched the sides of her head as though it would stop the voices. As soon as she realized what she was doing though, she dropped her hands from embarrassment. It was a good thing she was one of the only ones there, she didn't want to cause a scene./\/\/\/\/\After she ate, Ginny went back to her dorm and worked on homework. She had three essays to finish and also a dream journal to fill out. It took her all of five hours to finish everything except an essay. By that time it was noon. She quickly looked over her essays and then decided to sought out Luna. Ginny first looked in the great hall but could not find Luna. She had no idea where the common room was so she couldn't search there. She ended up wandering the castle for what seemed like hours.Where's a map when you need one? After around and hour (but seemed like five) she managed to find the great hall and ate lunch. She was sitting at the Gryffindor table, surrounded by other Gryffindors but feeling quite lonely, when Luna walked in. Ginny stood up and ran over to Luna."Hey, can we talk?" She asked. Luna looked at her in confusion, but nodded. They walked around to a secluded hallway. "I'd like to explain what happened yesterday." Luna looked at her as if to say, "go on." Ginny was blanking, she hadn't thought of an excuse yet. "Umm, sometimes I- erm...""Ok?""I have flashbacks. Of being controlled by the diary. It happens when I come into close contact with another and sometimes gets triggered randomly. That's what happened yesterday, that's why I ran off. I'm really, really sorry," Ginny lied.She felt bad for lying but Luna could never know the truth. She also felt a little bit proud of coming up with the lie. This could guarantee that Luna wouldn't get so close anymore and it would be easier to hide her crush."Oh! I'm sorry, I thought you were mad at me. That's why I was avoiding you today. If you ever need to step out and calm down then it's ok. I'll understand." Luna sounded a bit guilty but also relieved."Ok. Thank you," Ginny said quietly. Luna smiled."Oh guess what?" Luna asked. She looked exited and as if she had just remembered something happy."What?""Professor Flitwick told everyone today that today is the first day for Hogsmead! I'm pretty sure that the third years meet up with their head of house to go over the rules at... oh yeah, 2:00," Luna said excitedly. "I'm a fourth year so I don't have to do the permission stuff but we can meet up somewhere if you'd like." Her silver eyes were shining."That would be great! Umm I'm pretty sure it's almost two so I should probably get going. Where should we meet? My brother's have told me all about Hogsmead so I know my way around pretty well.""How about we meet at the Three Broomsticks?" Luna suggested."Ok," Ginny agreed."See you then!" Luna called out after her."Yep!" Ginny said, as she walked away. She hurried to her dorm and grabbed her permission slip. She also grabbed a brown bag she had gotten for her books and raced down to the great hall. She made it just in time to see Professor McGonagall taking permission slips. She gave hers to the Professor and got to Hogsmead.It was beautiful, and Ginny hoped that it would be a very good day.

Chapter ten: HogsmeadHey guys! Sorry for not updating, I've been busy. I am going to only update every other day from now on since I need a break from writing so much. Anyway, here's a fluff chapter for you guys.Ginny walked through Hogsmead and marveled at all the stores. On her way to The Three Broomsticks she saw a number of cool shops. There was one called Honeydukes, which had glass windows in the front, showing off rows and rows of different candies. There were chocolate frogs, exploding pepper snaps, Bertie Botts every flavor beans, and lots of others. She also saw one called Zonko's joke shop, which showed shelves full of pranks and other random stuff for mischief. Eventually, she came to The Three Broomsticks and opened the door. Luna was sitting at one of the tables, looking out the window. Ginny slid into the seat next to her and Luna gasped."Your here! I mean, I knew you'd come but I was a little worried you'd bail," Luna rambled, blushing slightly. Why the heck is she blushing? Ginny let out a small laugh."Yeah, when we first hung out at the library I thought the same thing." Luna looked relieved."Anyway, do want to order a butterbeer?" Asked Luna."Sure," Ginny responded. Luna walked up to the counter and ordered the drinks. She came back holding two butterbeers."They're really good." Ginny took a sip and silently agreed. It was warm and delicious. It reminded her of home, but in a good way."Yeah they are," she said, after she saw Luna's look of anticipation. She realized she had been silent for a while.They sat and drank their butterbeers until Luna spoke up."So where do you want to go next?" She asked."I'm not really sure," Ginny responded. It was true, she wasn't sure, as she had never been to Hogsmead before."Well, we could go to Honeydukes Sweet Shop, which sells candies. Or we could go to Zonko's."Hmm, how about we go to Honeydukes, then Zonko's and after that we can go to the shrieking shack," Ginny offered. Anything was fine with her though."Sounds good to me," agreed Luna. She held out her hand to Ginny. For a brief moment, she had flashback of her dream, Luna holding on her hand, saying she was sick.You have a sickness. It needs to be cured. She shuddered, worried that her dream would become a reality. But when she looked into Luna's eyes, she saw kindness and understanding. Ginny grabbed the other girls hand and they walked out of the pub./\/\/\/\/\First, the pair went to Honeydukes. The shop was beautiful. There were rows upon rows of different sweets. There were normal ones, like Drooble's Best Blowing Bubble Gum, and licorice sticks, but also weird ones like Cockroach Clusters and Fly Honey. Yuck. Who would eat those? Luna grabbed her hand once more and they ran through the store. Ginny tried not to blush from the warmth of Luna's palm."Woah! Slow down!" Ginny said with a laugh. Luna ignored her and continued to run through the store until they tripped and knocked down a display case. Ginny was blushing furiously after landing right on top of Luna. She could smell her breath they were so close. Luckily their moment was interrupted by the lady working the store."Out! All of you!" The lady ordered. Her finger was pointing at the door. Ginny and Luna looked at each other and started laughing uncontrollably. The lady glared and muttered something about 'back in my day...'. Ginny and Luna ran out the door and laid down on the grass. They were still laughing and people were giving them strange looks as they passed."T-that was hilarious!" Ginny wheezed. Luna nodded."Yes, it was!" She said through tears."It's too bad we didn't get to buy a thing though. I wanted to try one of those enchanted honeysickles," Ginny said. Luna grinned mischievously and reached into her pocket. She pulled out a small bag. "What's that?" Ginny asked. Luna untied the strings and reached in. To Ginny's surprise she pulled out an assortment of treats."I charmed the bag to hold things," explained Luna. She held up a honeysickle. "What's that you said about candy?""Luna! You can't steal from Honeydukes," chastised Ginny."I didn't steal, I paid for them while you were in the loo," said Luna. "I wanted it to be a surprise," she added quietly."It's a lovely surprise. Now pass me a chocolate frog!"The two spent the rest of the afternoon laying on the grass, laughing and talking. It was a great way to spend time."Wow," Ginny said, looking up at the sky. "I can't believe how long we've been here.""Yeah," Luna agreed. "Time flies." They packed up the rest of the sweets in Luna's bag and stood up."How about we visit the shrieking shack before we leave," Ginny suggested. Luna agreed, and they set off to the shack."Wow," Ginny said in awe as she gazed at the shrieking shack. It was very tall and rickety and almost looked as though it would topple at any moment. There were many oddly shaped windows and one of them was cracked. It was a sight for sore eyes, if she was being honest. A howl came from the shack."Rumor has it the shack is haunted," Luna said. "Do you think so?""Maybe, that howl was terrifying," responded Ginny. Truth was, she knew exactly what went on in that shack. She had overheard her brother's conversation with Harry once and they ended up explaining it to her. She knew all about Professor Lupin's... condition and how he went to the shack to transform. She didn't want to explain that to Luna though, since it wasn't really their business. Luna shivered and Ginny handed Luna her coat."You don't have to do that," urged Luna. She was hugging the coat tight though and Ginny could see she needed it."Don't be silly, I'm not cold anyway. Come on, let's head back." They walked back to hogwarts in a peaceful silence. Once they got back, Luna tried to give her the coat back."You can keep it, it looks better on you anyway," Ginny said."Are you sure?" Asked Luna hesitantly."Of course. I've got tons at home." Ginny didn't have tons at home but she liked seeing her jacket on Luna. She also didn't get cold easily. After more arguing, they parted ways and Ginny went back to her dorm. She walked to her room smiling dreamily.It really had been the perfect day.
