"Gryffindor!" Echoed loudly through a large hall filled with tables of other children looking up at her as red and gold banners uncoiled from the ceiling. She smiled, her gaze tracing the lion avatar on the banners. So she'd be a Gryffindor, just like her brother. "Hufflepuff!" She heard the voice echo again and her smile faltered as she watched yellow and black table cloths drape themselves over the tables. "Slytherin!" She was officially confused as she watched a long green rug with silver edges roll itself from the doorway to where she was standing. She looked up at the other children but they were all staring at her emotionless. "Ravenclaw!" Blue and bronze candles fell from the sky and landed perfectly on candlesticks on top of the tables. She opened her mouth to speak-"Jade!" A different voice woke Jade Maddex from her sleep and her eyes snapped open. "Jade?" Her eyes flicked to her bedroom door and she saw her father standing there. Jade slowly sat up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes. "Come on, get up!" He said cheerfully, "Today we're going school shopping." Jade pulled the blanket off of herself and her father watched her, "Is something wrong, dear? You were so excited last night, you could barely fall asleep.""I'm fine." Jade said quietly as she quickly made her bed, "Just nervous." She said a bit louder when she plopped the pillow down in its rightful place. Her father smiled,"Oh, I understand. Rodrick was so excited he couldn't speak of anything else from the moment he got his letter to when we left him to board the train." Jade's brother, Rodrick, had just graduated Hogwarts and now it was her turn to attend. She was rather excited herself but worried about which house she would be sorted into. She didn't have a preference, though her brother often made jokes about the Hufflepuffs. Joked about the Hufflepuffs, grumbled about the Slytherins, and mostly didn't speak of the Ravenclaws because he had told her there wasn't anything very interesting about them other than their intelligence. Being sorted into a house that was known for their intelligence didn't seem like a bad thing to her. Just then she heard heavy footsteps running towards her room and her brother's head popped over her father's shoulder."Good morning, J!" He exclaimed loudly and her father moved out of the way so Rodrick could come into her room and pick her up. "You're not even dressed yet, we have to get going." He turned towards her closet,"Put me down you troll!" Jade struggled against his grip and he happily put her back down on the floor. "Thank you." She smoothed down her shirt and Rodrick mussed her hair up. "Stop it!" She whined, Rodrick began to laugh at the sight of his eleven-year-old sister standing there with her hands crossed under her chest and a frown on her face."Rodrick, that's enough." Her father called to him and Rodrick raised his hands in surrender and backed towards her bedroom door."I'm just messing with you." He smiled brightly."Well, yes, I can see that." She bit back at him and both men left her to change and get ready for the day. She went to her bedroom door and closed it before turning back to her closet and pulling out a gray sweater and then to her dresser where she tugged on a pair of dark jeans. She grudgingly left her room and went across the hall to the bathroom, she looked into the mirror and immediately grabbed her hairbrush and brushed through the mess it had become thanks to Rodrick. There, she felt much better. She brushed her teeth and put on deodorant before leaving the bathroom and descending the stairs into the family room where her family was waiting for her."There she is." Her mother smiled warmly at her, she rose from her spot on the loveseat and gently ran her fingers through the ends of Jade's dark silky hair. "Come on, you're nerves will melt away when we're picking out your owl.""I get an owl?" Jade asked as her eyes widened and her mother laughed in a light and musical tone."Of course." Her mother confirmed and Jade's mouth broke into a smile. It wasn't money that she was worried about being the reason she wouldn't get an owl of her own, their family had plenty of it, more than they could ever need, a nice perk of coming from an old pureblood family."I just thought I would get Rodrick's," Jade explained, and at this, her brother turned from browsing the bookcase."Willie's mine." He whined and their father rolled his eyes."Yes, Jade will be getting her own." Her father said and Jade's nervousness was stomped out by the excitement she now felt, "It was meant to be a surprise, darling. But you seemed upset so we decided to tell you now." Jade nodded and flew into her mother's arms,"Thank you! Thank you!" She couldn't stop smiling, once her mother released her she went to her father and embraced him as well. She glanced at the grandfather clock by the fireplace. It was nine a.m. She pulled away from her father and grabbed some floo powder from on top of the fireplace's mantle and threw it into the low burning fire. The fire grew angry and green, she turned to see her parents and brother falling in line behind her. They huddled together in the fireplace and Jade smiled, "Diagon Alley." She spoke clearly and they were quickly whisked away. A few moments later they appeared in the Leaky Cauldron. As they left the building and out to the cobblestone street, Jade's mother reached for Jade's hand but Jade gave her hand a funny look as if it were a tentacle reaching towards her. "I'm eleven now, I don't need to hold my mummy's hand," Jade said a tad annoyed and her brother chuckled at her."You're right. You'll always be my baby though." Her mother smiled sweetly at her with a hint of sadness in her eyes, Jade felt a tinge of guilt pierce her chest."What should we do first?" Jade asked and her mother pulled out the list that was sent with her acceptance letter."I think we could get this done much quicker if we divide and conquer." She looked over everyone and then back at the list, "Alright, Rodrick, you can go get her books together. Joseph, darling, you will go gather her cauldron, glass vials, telescope set, and brass scales. Jade, you'll come with me and we'll get your robs fitted, yes?" She looked up and everyone seemed in agreement, "Excellent. Then we'll meet back here and we'll all go to watch Jade pick out her owl and her wand."They separated and went their own ways, Jade and her mother headed towards Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. The shop wasn't too crowded like Jade's mother thought it would be. "Perhaps we should wait until the day before the term begins every year if it'll keep us from the crowds."Madam Malkin's shop was empty except for one boy who she was currently working on. At the sound of her door opening, Madam Malkin looked up,"Good morning! Here for your robes for school, yes?" She asked and Jade nodded. "Well then, hop on up next to this young gentleman." Jade left her mother's side and came to the small pedestal Madam Malkin was gesturing towards. Jade looked in the large three-fold mirror in front of her and watched Madam Malkin slide a black robe over the boy's arms, he looked himself up and down and looked over to his mother who Jade hadn't noticed until now."I think that looks nice. What do you think, Blaise?" She asked the boy and he examined himself once more."I think it's fine." His mother smiled and then went with Madam Malkin to pay for the robes. He shrugged the robe off and began folding it, "Is this your first year?" He asked aloud and Jade realized he had been speaking to her even though he didn't look up from his robe."Yes." She said. The boy had caramel skin, short black hair, and pretty green eyes."Me too. What house are you hoping for?" This time he did look at her and Jade could feel her face growing warm as a blush creeped up on her cheeks."I don't have a house I like over the others." Blaise furrowed his eyebrows,"There's not a single house you'd chose over the others if it was your choice?""I guess if it was my choice… maybe Gryffindor, that's what my brother was.""So, you'd chose to be compared to your brother?" He asked and Jade narrowed her eyes at this,"No." He waited, "I think I'd like Ravenclaw, they're known for their cleverness." He seemed to accept this answer,"I think I'd want to be a Gryffindor or a Slytherin." Jade nodded, in her eyes none of the houses were bad. Just then the boy's mother came back to her son with bags in her hands and they both started towards the door,"It was nice to meet you," Jade called after him and he turned back to her as he was halfway out the door,"You too, I'll look for you at school." Jade nodded and the boy and his mother left. She smiled sheepishly to her mother who had a bright smile of her own,"See? You've already made a friend!"

It had taken a little bit longer than Jade expected to have her robes measured and fitted to her. The longer it took the more impatient she grew, she had decided she wanted to get her owl before her wand and once she made up her mind, standing still while Madam Malkin worked on her became difficult. When she was finished, Madam Malkin grabbed a black pointed hat and added it to her stack of robes and the winter cloak she had picked out. Jade grabbed the bag as her mother thanked Madam Malkin for her help and then they made their way back to the Leaky Cauldron where she saw her father."How did it go?" He asked her mother and she smiled,"Jade made a friend." Jade looked up at her mother with a frown on her face,"Just because I talk to someone doesn't mean they're my friend." Her mother nodded,"Right, I'm sorry." She nodded but exchanged a quick look with her father before smiling again, Jade rolled her eyes. Rodrick came around a corner and saw his family standing outside of the entrance to the Leaky Cauldron."I see I'm the last to arrive." He noted. Rodrick carried a stack of thick books in his hands and wore a charming grin on his face."And now that you have," Jade started and then turned to her parents, "can we go choose my owl now?" Her father placed a hand on her back and gently pushed her towards Eeylops Owl Emporium. Unlike Madam Malkin's, the Emporium was filled with children staring at all of the owls. Every time Jade came to Diagon Alley with her parents she always asked to stop to see the owls and now it was time for her to pick out one of her own. They were sectioned off by breed, barn owls, snowy owls, eagle owls, long-eared owls, and more. They were all fascinating and beautiful, Jade wandered over near a large eagle owl that was frowning down at all of the children who came near it. He was intimidating but Jade closed the distance between them and examined him carefully, she reached out to his cage and he quickly pecked at her incoming fingers."Jade." Her father warned, "Don't go putting your fingers in cages, that's how you lose them." She stepped away from the owl and moved on, she looked over all of the owls and she thought they were all nice and would do well with her while she was at school but none stood out to her. She was looking at a tan barn owl when an older man with a large, brown owl came up to her,"You like this one?" He asked her and she shrugged her shoulders, "Well, feel free to any in the store. I train them all myself." She turned to face him now, the owl on his shoulder catching her eye."What about that one?" She asked and he chuckled as he gave a glance and a little pet to the owl. "He's magnificent." Unlike the eagle owl, this one was just as large but much less scary looking. This owl had pale yellow eyes almost the shade of a ripe banana and they were wide as they stared at her. His feathers were a mix of a rich dark brown and an unbelievable white."He's available, yes, my only great-horned owl at the moment. Rather a gentle giant." She smiled as she took a step forward."Hello." She said quietly, "May I?" She asked as she reached out a hand but far enough away from the beak's reach. He nodded and she stepped to the man's side and gave a hesitant pet to the owl's head. The owl froze for a moment but then gently pushed into her touch and she broke into a large smile. She turned for a second to see her family watching her closely behind. "This one." She stated and turned back to the owl, "This one's the one." The older man chuckled and clucked his tongue twice, the owl began moving down his arm,"Hold your arm out, dear." She did as she was told and the owl gladly transferred itself over to Jade's arm and rested up at her shoulder. The owl looked even bigger on her small frame. "Oh, look at him!" The old man smiled, "He's very content where he is." Jade smiled at her new owl and then followed her parents to the front where they paid for him and the old man gave her a large cage to house him in. She clucked her tongue twice like the man had earlier and extended her arm towards the open cage. The owl obediently launched off her arm and flew into the cage to sit on the perch. "Thank you!" The old man waved to them as they left the shop. Jade's father held onto the cage and owl even though Jade said she wanted to hold him herself."You've got to choose your wand, now. Can't have you doing that while you hold on to this big cage now can you?" They approached Ollivanders with a new surge of energy since it was the last task for the day. The wand shop was quiet as Jade and her family walked in, a soft bell ringing noted Ollivander that people entered his shop and he came around from the back and offered a soft smile to Jade. She stepped up to his counter,"Hello, sir. I'm here to pick out my wand." She greeted him and he smiled and turned to go into one of the many rows of boxed wands on shelves."You don't choose the wand, my dear, it chooses you." He announced to her and then a few seconds later he emerged with a wand and she grabbed it gently from him. The wand was cold to the touch, she could actually feel the power within it. "Give it a flick." He instructed her and she did as she was told. A stack of papers that was sitting on the counter shoved itself off of the counter and scattered everywhere on the floor. "Hm." He noted and examined her, "Almost." He plucked the wand from her hand and retreated into the same aisle. She heard him scuttling around in the aisle and then a soft 'ah' as he returned with another wand, he extended it to her with a smile. She grabbed it and as soon as she touched the wood a rush of warmth flooded her body and she stood there for a second as the feeling seemed to absorb into her body. This wand was different; it wasn't an instrument to help her focus her magic, it was as if it was an extension of her arm. She smiled and felt an adoration begin to bloom in her chest, it was the connection Ollivander had been talking about, she knew it was. As she looked up at the man behind the counter she knew that he knew it too as he smiled down at her. "I believe we have a winner." Jade held it up so she could examine it closely for the first time. "Eleven inches made of red oak," Ollivander explained, "fairly bendy, made with the hair of a unicorn as its core." Jade nodded up at the man, "Congratulations."

"That's the way, dear!" Joseph smiled as he watched his daughter pass through the barrier to the Hogwarts Express at the train station. Jade saw her father and walked towards him with her trolly full of bags and the cage containing her owl. She turned around and her mother and brother appeared from the brick passageway. Jade looked around at all of the other students that were currently boarding the train or the few that were still saying goodbye to their families."Pretty cool, huh?" Rodrick asked her, "I remember when it was me boarding the train for the first time. It's a lot of change but everyone was pretty friendly so it was easier for me to feel at home once I got there." He looked down at her, "But, still feel free to write to us.""Well, obviously." Jade tried to seem unphased but she was nervous to go by herself without knowing anyone, maybe she could try and find that one boy from the robe shop…"Give us a hug." Her mother spoke after quickly swiping a tear away with a sad smile on her face. Jade stepped to her parents and wrapped her arms around them as they both enveloped her in a warm embrace."Okay, my turn." Rodrick grinned and then picked her up from her parents' embrace and spun her around."Rodrick! Put me down!" She growled but didn't try hard to fight out of his grasp, she wouldn't admit it but she'd miss her brother. She just got him back from always going away at school and now it was her that was leaving. He put her down and looked over her face once more,"You'll do great, don't worry. You'll make friends in and out of your house, whichever one you get sorted into. You'll like the teachers, they're pretty cool. Dumbledore's like a really friendly and wise grandpa." Jade smiled at this and then hugged her brother once more. "I'll miss you too." He told her quietly before pulling away. The train whistle blew and she looked over at the final students leaving their families and going towards the train."We love you!" Her mother smiled and her father's arm wrapped around her waist. "I'll write to you tomorrow!" She promised, "Now, go on." Jade nodded and headed towards the entrance where everyone else had been going to. She turned again for one last time and her family was waving at her. She raised her hand in farewell and then boarded the train.The train was filled with kids slowly leaking into compartments with their friends, Jade wasn't waiting for anyone to sit with so she grabbed the first empty one she came across and loaded her things in the storage compartment above the booth seats. Jade set her owl next to her and slid a finger into his cage and pet his cheek. She had been thinking of a name for him, a few came to mind but didn't seem to fit. Henry, Archie, Talon, Rory, they just didn't work, she narrowed it down to two names; Ezekiel and Ollie. She couldn't figure out which one she liked more, which one resembled more of his personality. He was beautiful, she could stare and pamper him all day. Since she got him the previous day, the two had been inseparable. She had him on her shoulder until it was time for her to go to sleep. He looked fierce but he was anything but towards Jade, they were a match made in heaven."No one's sitting here?" A young boy asked and she looked up at the sliding door. "Good." He grinned before she could answer and he slid on to the booth she was sitting on and extended his hand, "Draco Malfoy." The boy already had his robe on,"I've heard of your father." She looked him over, he had platinum blonde hair and bright gray eyes as he smirked at her. His father wasn't known for good things, Jade was sure he was aware of this."Of course you have, everyone has." She finally took his outstretched hand and shook it gently,"Jade Maddex." His smirk broke into a full smile,"A pureblood." Her eyebrows twitched in annoyance, she knew his father was one of those 'pureblood is the best blood' type of wizards so it made sense his son would be the same way. Her father had told her there would be some students that would stick together just because they were purebloods, Jade had no interest in this. She didn't think that was important when deciding if someone was worth getting to know and possibly befriend. Then, two large boys opened the sliding door and Jade removed her hand from Draco's. One boy was wider while the other was taller,"Mind if we sit in here?" The taller one asked and Jade nodded towards the bench across from them, "Thanks." They sat down and watched Jade and Draco, "I'm Goyle, this is Crabbe." He gestured towards the boy next to him who offered a small wave."Also purebloods." Draco leaned towards her and she gave him a small smile in understanding. "Draco Malfoy." He spoke up as he turned his attention to the boys, "This is Jade Maddex.""Nice to meet you." She greeted and Crabbe's cheeks turned a bright red."Nice owl." Crabbe gestured towards Jade's owl and she smiled at her new pet. "What's his name?""I'm not sure, I'm stuck between two names." She explained as she stuck her finger in the cage again to pet him."Let's hear them then," Draco said as he examined her owl with an approving up and down."Ezekiel or Ollie.""Ezekiel." Draco nodded and then glanced at Crabbe and Goyle who nodded in agreement. Jade looked over her owl again,"Do you like that name?" She cooed at him, "Ezekiel?" Her owl gave a loud hoot. Everyone in the compartment laughed at his reaction."My owl's name is Hunter," Draco told them, there was a pair of running feet out in the hallway and it stopped at their compartment. The sliding door was ripped open and a girl with dark hair stood there panting,"Harry Potter is on this train!" She announced, they all exchanged surprised looks, Harry Potter also known as the Boy who Lived. He was famous for basically defeating He Who Must Not Be Named, there was a lot of mystery about what exactly happened to him that night, she heard he was either dead or he went into hiding, no one has heard anything else about Harry Potter since then until now."Harry Potter?" Jade asked, the name felt odd on her tongue, she never thought she'd speak it. The girl nodded,"I've got to see for myself," Draco said rising from his seat and he pushed past the girl but before leaving he turned back. "Coming?" He asked and Crabbe and Goyle rose from their seats but Jade shook her head,"I'll see him at school." It was probably very overwhelming for Harry, having everyone running up to him and gawking at him. Draco left with Crabbe and Goyle and the girl slid down in Draco's old spot."Pansy Parkinson." She introduced herself, her hair was pulled up into a high ponytail and her light blue eyes were friendly. She brushed her bangs out of her eyes, "My father had said he wouldn't be surprised if Harry Potter was at Hogwarts this year. He knew Dumbledore would find him, wherever he was hiding.""Who says he was hiding?" Jade asked,"Wouldn't you?" She asked with wide eyes, "If He Who Must Not Be Named killed my family and tried to kill me I would go into hiding. That would be so sad and lonely, to never know your parents or have them watch you grow up. I doubt he even remembers them." The conversation was taking an upsetting turn,"Jade Maddex." Jade introduced herself and offered her hand out and Pansy shook it happily,"A pleasure." She smiled as if she was happy someone actually engaged in conversation with her. She was very outgoing, Jade smiled at her, "I can't wait to be sorted into a house." She told Jade quietly as if it were a secret, "I hope I'm in Hufflepuff, I look good in yellow." The girls shared a laugh, before Jade could respond the boys returned. Draco had a frown on his face and Goyle was holding his finger up and examining it."How'd it go?" Jade asked, and Draco looked at Pansy."You're in my seat." He told her and Pansy sat for a second before realizing he was talking to her and she got up abruptly and left their compartment."That was rude." Jade frowned at him and he reclaimed his seat next to her but he ignored her comment,"That Harry Potter isn't what I'd expected at all." He spat, "Making friends with a Weasley." Jade was confused, the Weasleys were purebloods."What's wrong with the Weasleys?" Jade asked, her brother had gone to school with the older Weasley boys, all of them in Gryffindor, she remembered her brother mentioning them once or twice."Muggle lovers! They should be ashamed of how much their father fantasizes about them." Before Jade could speak against Draco he continued, "Weasley's rat bit Goyle on the finger." Draco gestured towards Goyle and Jade turned her attention to his hand, his pointer finger was bleeding slightly,"What if it's infected?" He worried"Probably is," Draco told him as he propped his arm on the window and angrily rested his head on his closed fist. Jade could see Goyle's face fall in fear.

They spent the rest of the train ride in silence beside the hoots from Ezekiel. Draco's meeting with Harry had put him in a foul mood and he wasn't interested in talking to his cab mates. After what seemed like forever, the train began to slow and a voice echoed through the train,"We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately." Jade looked at Ezekiel, she felt odd leaving him for someone else to take care of. Jade rose from her seat,"I'm going to go change into my robes." She told the boys as they watched her stand,"You better hurry," Draco told her and she nodded before leaving the compartment."How'd you two meet?" Goyle leaned forward and asked Draco and he furrowed his eyebrows in confusion,"The same way I met you," Draco said and Goyle leaned back in his seat,"Oh, I just thought you two had known each other for a while." Draco turned away from the window and faced him fully,"Thinking isn't your strong suit, is it?" He asked and Goyle looked at Crabbe and then shook his head at Draco, "Yes, that's clear." Draco grumbled, "That's alright though," He perked up, "that means you're strong in other areas." Goyle smiled and took it as a compliment, Crabbe not knowing what they were really talking about, smiled along with him. Draco scooted towards Jade's owl and it watched him. "Hello, Ezekiel." He raised his hand slowly towards the cage but Ezekiel pecked at his incoming hand and Draco quickly retreated. Jade returned quickly after the failed attempt at getting to know her owl and she smoothed down the front of her robe. She was just in time because the train began to slow and then came to a stop. Jade reached a finger in and stroked Ezekiel's cheek,"I'll see you later." She promised him as the boys stood. "Alright then, let's go." She told them and they all left their compartment. The hall was filled with children trying to exit the train. Crabbe and Goyle pushed past kids and Draco and Jade stayed close behind them and they all quickly squeezed out into the night."Firs' years! Firs' years over here!" She heard a low voice boom out of the darkness and she snapped her head around and her eyes were attracted to a lamp high off the ground, her eyes focused on the dark figure that was holding it. It was a very large man with long hair and a long and scraggly beard. He beamed brightly at all of them as they soon gathered into a large group in front of him. "Mind yer step, now! My name is Hagrid and I'll be takin' yeh to Hogwarts. Firs' years follow me!" He announced and the children all stumbled and shoved as they got into a line to follow the large man down a narrow path. They were all quiet, she listened to the sound of all of their feet quickly shuffling along trying to keep up with him. "Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here." The students followed him a bit further and then it seemed that they stopped moving altogether. Jade tried peaking over other students heads but she wasn't quite tall enough,"Goyle!" She hissed and his head snapped towards her, "Why aren't we moving?" She asked him,"Everyone's looking at the castle." He told her and she looked up instead of trying to look over people's heads and she saw the taller towers of the castle in the distance."No more'n four to a boat!" She heard the man's voice bellow out and she looked around. Boats? She didn't see any boats. Goyle watched her and then shoved through the crowd so she could move forward and the castle came clearer into her view. She noticed they were in fact near a lake and there were multiple boats by the shoreline. Kids started climbing into boats, Crabbe and Goyle grabbed a nearby one and Draco followed behind. Draco turned back once he was on the boat and looked at Jade, she hadn't moved. He extended a hand and she was surprised by the kind gesture, she took a few steps forward and reached for it, she was worried she would trip and fall into the water in front of everyone."Thank you." She told him as he helped her onto the boat. Draco nodded and they both sat down on one side while Crabbe and Goyle sat on the other side."Everyone in?" shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. "Right then, Forward!" The boats started all at once as if they were controlled by his voice. The water was incredibly smooth with no waves to rock the boats at all. No one spoke and it gave Jade an uneasy feeling. She just focused on the castle as they got closer and closer. The lights in the castle windows glowed brightly and it made Jade feel a bit better that she wasn't going to a sinister castle where anything could happen to her and her family wouldn't know. She knew she was being dramatic but she couldn't help where her mind wandered. "Heads down!" She heard as the first boats reached the cliff. They all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles. "Oy, you there! Is this your toad?" Hagrid asked as he raised a toad in his large hand,"Trevor!" cried a chubby-faced boy, holding out his hands. The group of children hurried up a passageway in the rock after the glow of Hagrid's lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle. They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge oak front door. Jade knew the castle was large but as she stared up now, just the door itself was massive. She felt like a bug scurrying on the stone floor. Hagrid raised a giant fist and knocked three times on the castle door. The door swung open at once. A tall, black-haired witch with wisps of gray strands stood in emerald-green robes. She had a very stern face and Jade thought she held herself as someone who demanded respect and unwavering attention."The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," Hagrid gestured towards the group of young witches and wizards in training and Professor McGonagall looked over them all."Thank you, Hagrid. I will take them from here." She pulled the door wide. The entrance hall was so big the group of a hundred plus children fit without any trouble. The stone walls were lit with flaming torches, the ceiling was too high to make out, and a large beautiful marble staircase facing them led to the upper floors. They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor. Jade could hear hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right that grew louder as they got closer but Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. They crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, Jade gave Draco an apologetic look as she pressed her shoulder against his as Crabbe squeezed her between the two of them. "Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room." Jade listened as the older witch scanned the children, making sure they were paying attention. "The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours. The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting." Her eyes lingered for a moment on the two boys directly in front of Jade and Draco. "I shall return when we are ready for you," she spoke once more, "Please wait quietly." She left the chamber and Jade visibly relaxed."Do you think it's some kind of test?" Crabbe asked nervously, turning to Jade and Draco,"My brother said it had something to do with a hat, I don't remember, he was telling me a whole bunch of stuff before I left.""What house was your brother in?" Draco asked, she noticed that Draco looked a little nervous as well even though he probably wouldn't admit it. The uncertainty of which house you'll be put in has everyone a little worried."Gryffindor." She told him and he groaned as if he was just told he would be put in Gryffindor. Jade ignored his reaction and instead looked at the door Professor McGonagall left through. There was a sharp shriek followed by other screams behind Jade and she turned quickly and gasped.Ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent, they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. Jade stared unblinking as they passed above the group. One ghost had stopped further away from Jade and spoke to a small group of children closer to the door. "I've never seen a ghost before," Jade spoke out loud to no one in particular. Just then, Professor McGonagall came through the door again and shooed the ghost away."Move along now, the Sorting Ceremony is about to start." The ghost bowed to Professor McGonagall and then floated through a wall. "Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and follow me." Even though she had been told to move her legs didn't, she had been listening to the faint murmurs she could hear coming from the Great Hall. Draco pushed her shoulders gently and she quickly stood behind Crabbe and Draco fell in line behind her. They walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.Jade's mouth immediately fell open as she took in the grand sight of the Great Hall. The hall was huge, fitting four rows of long tables from the double doors all the way to the end of the long hall that were filled by the students before there were a few steps up and then a final long table where the teachers were sitting. It was lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair over the tables. Professor McGonagall led the students through the hall towards the teachers' table. As they walked Jade's eyes kept catching the glint of the golden plates and goblets. They came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them. The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like the ghosts she had just saw outside of the Great Hall in the candlelight. Jade glanced up to see how tall the room was and she noticed there was no ceiling, the night sky twinkled due to the many stars and the bright moon shone brighter than she thought it would. She didn't feel any gusts of wind or hear any noises from outside as the hall fell silent."Its bewitched to look like the sky outside." Draco whispered to her as he caught her staring up. How different, Hogwarts became more and more fascinating the more she learned. She stopped looking up though when she realized other people could see her, she didn't want to look like a ditz. Professor McGonagall moved quietly as she grabbed a stool and placed it in front of the first years. On top of the stool she put a pointed wizard's hat. The hat needed a wash, it was patched up and frayed around the rim and not to mention how dirty it looked, she hoped it didn't smell. She glanced around at the other students and they were all staring at the old ripped hat. This had to be the hat her brother mentioned, she was trying and failing to remember what he had said. She was so caught up in her own head that she almost missed the hat twitching. One of the larger rips around the rim opened wide and the hat began to sing."Oh, you may not think I'm pretty, but don't judge on what you see. I'll eat myself if you can find a smarter hat than me. You can keep your bowlers black, your top hats sleek and tall, for I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat and I can cap them all." The Sorting Hat. This is how they were sorted into their houses. "There's nothing hidden in your head the Sorting Hat can't see. So try me on and I will tell you where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart, their daring, nerve, and chivalry set Gryffindors apart. You might belong in Hufflepuff, where they are just and loyal. Those patient Hufflepuffis are true and unafraid of toil. Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've got a ready mind, where those of wit and learning will always find their kind. Or perhaps in Slytherin you'll make your real friends, those cunning folk use any means to achieve their ends." As the hat sang, Jade could clearly hear the voice from her dream the morning before as it chanted each of the house names and she tried to focus on the present and shake the odd feeling that had creeped up on her. "So put me on! Don't be afraid and don't get in a flap! You're in safe hands, though I have none, for I'm a Thinking Cap!" The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to each of the four tables and then became still again.

p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""So we just try on the hat?" Jade heard Crabbe question quietly. "That seems easy." Draco shushed him quietly. Jade wondered what the hat would see in her head because she had absolutely no idea which house she'd be best in, the hat would know better than her where she belonged and she'd be there for seven years. She'd grow up with the same people, she wondered who she would be friends with, the thought of her future made her uneasy, too many unknowns that she didn't want to think about. Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!" A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. Everyone watched her silently,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Hufflepuff!" Shouted the hat and Jade's mind slipped to her dream again. The table on the far right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table. Jade watched as a plump ghost smiled and waved at the girl as she sat down./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Bones, Susan!"/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Hufflepuff!" shouted the hat again, and Susan hurried out of the center of attention to sit next to Hannah./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Boot, Terry!"/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Ravenclaw!" The table second from the right clapped this time, several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Brocklehurst, Mandy." Mandy also went to Ravenclaw. "Brown, Lavender." She was the first Gryffindor to be announced and the table second to the left exploded with cheers much louder than the previous two tables. "Bulstrode, Millicent." This girl was the first Slytherin and the cheering coming from the far left table challenged the Gryffindors. Millicent was a tall girl, she had black hair that was cut slightly above her shoulders and bangs that covered her forehead. She was a large girl, she didn't move very gracefully as she stumbled down the steps and made her way over to the table of students wearing green ties. Jade looked over all the tables, everyone was wearing their house colors on their robes and ties but Jade noticed other little ways students represented their houses. She could see peeks of color on socks, hair ties, the older girls had makeup on, she could see students had colorful undershirts if they weren't wearing the school uniform under their robes. "Crabbe, Vincent." Crabbe went stiff next to Jade but then made his way towards the hat. He sat down on the stool and the hat sat there for a second before announcing that he would be in Slytherin. Jade watched as Crabbe went and joined his new house where they clapped him on the back and made room for him to sit down. "Finch-Fletchley, Justin!" The boy with a strong chin went to Hufflepuff. "Finnigan, Seamus," A sandy-haired boy sat on the stool and he sat there in silence for what seemed like forever before it finally announced Gryffindor. "Goyle, Gregory." Goyle also went to Slytherin but it took the hat a bit longer than it had taken Crabbe. "Granger, Hermione!" A girl with bushy hair carefully sat down on the stool and the hat sorted her into Gryffindor. When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing the toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool. Jade let a smirk spread across her lips but nothing more than that because although it had been funny she felt bad for him. The hat sat there for a few seconds before he was sent to sit with the Gryffindors. "MacDougal, Morag." The name was called and Jade realized they were close to her name and she began to sweat. Jade didn't even notice where the boy was sent to she was just thinking if it would be her next. "Maddex, Jade." Professor McGonagall called and Jade took in a deep breath and steadily put one foot in front of the other and gently sat down on the stool. She didn't look at all of the staring pairs of eyes like she had in her dream, she closed her eyes instead. The four houses played in her head on an endless loop, she felt like the hat was taking a long time to decide. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Slytherin!" The hat boomed and it made her jump slightly. The Slytherin table jumped and cheered as they had for the other first years, Jade waited a few seconds just in case the hat would shout another house as it had in her dream but when it didn't she quickly removed it and made her way to the table. She took the open seat next to Goyle and he gave her a proud smile,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Well, look at that." He said and Jade gave him a small smile in return before turning her attention back to the Sorting Ceremony./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Malfoy, Draco." She watched as a smirk formed on Draco's mouth and he walked up to the stool as if it was nothing important, as if he already knew what the hat was going to say. The previous look of concern outside of the Great Hall she witnessed had gone from his face. Apparently, he did know because when the hat roared out that he would be in Slytherin after barely touching his head, his smirk grew into a large smile and he made his way over and sat down next to Jade. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""I had a feeling you'd be in Slytherin," Draco whispered to her as the Sorting Ceremony continued. There weren't many people left now. Jade shushed him quietly and he grinned at her but left her alone. He instead looked to Crabbe who was on her other side and began talking to him. Once Malfoy was sorted he didn't seem to care about anybody else. Jade watched as a few kids walked to their house tables and then she saw a familiar girl who was next in line,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Parkinson, Pansy." The girl had a large smile on her face, she could barely contain her excitement as she sat down and the hat was placed on her head. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Yes… Slytherin!" The hat announced and her smile faltered for a second, Jade knew she wanted to be in Hufflepuff. She rose from the stool and walked over to a boy who was signaling for her to sit next to him, Jade watched her take her seat and then Pansy locked eyes with her as she began scanning the table. Jade offered her a small smile and Pansy mimicked the gesture. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Potter, Harry!" The name grabbed Jade's attention and her head snapped back to the Sorting Ceremony. She didn't know what she expected but Harry Potter seemed to be more… extraordinary in her mind, after all she had heard, after all everyone had portrayed him to be. He didn't look like anything special, just a kid like all of them. Whispers suddenly filled the hall, even though they were whispering the hall filled with them causing a constant hissing in the air. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Potter, did she say?" Jade heard Pansy ask as she craned her neck to see over the tops of heads. Everyone watched closely as he made his way over to the stool and the hat sat on his head. The hat was quiet and the whispering stopped, even Draco had stopped his constant whispering to Crabbe, the hissing sound was replaced by the eerie silence, it was so quiet Jade could hear the crackling of the candles above her./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Not Slytherin, eh?" The hat asked in the silent hall. "Are you sure? You could be great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that." The hat spoke as if he was having a conversation with Harry but he hadn't said anything. "Well, if you're sure… better be Gryffindor!" The hall burst into cheers and whistles from the Gryffindor table and Jade jumped at the sudden change in the atmosphere. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""We got Potter! We got Potter!" Two boys with red hair cheered, Jade noticed that they were twins. They stood above the rest of the Gryffindors and clapped loudly. Harry Potter made his way over to the twins with a red face and an unsure smile on his face. Two other boys went to Gryffindor after Harry, one being the Weasley Draco had been talking about, she learned his name was Ron, and then a girl to Ravenclaw. There was one more boy left. Jade smiled as she recognized him, it was the boy from the robe shop./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Zabini, Blaise," Professor McGonagall called, happy that she finally had reached the end of the list. Blaise, yes, that was his name. Jade remembered when he had said he wanted to either be a Gryffindor or a Slytherin and she hoped it was Slytherin. Zabini, that was a fun name to say. Jade couldn't tear her eyes away from the Sorting hat, she didn't know why she was so anxious, she barely knew the boy./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Slytherin!" The hat announced and Blaise looked pleased with this assessment and came towards their table and sat on the end closest to the steps. Dumbledore had gotten up from his chair and he smiled proudly at all of the students./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Welcome," he said. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you!" Jade's smile wavered for a second, she didn't understand why he had said those words in such a grand manner. She thought it was odd but looking around at the other students' faces she felt a bit better that she wasn't the only one who thought this. He sat back down. Everybody clapped and cheered. Jade watched as food materialized in front of her on the table and she hesitantly grabbed the golden plate that was sat in front of her. Jade was surprised by the piles and piles of food, the piles went all the way down the Slytherin table. She looked over at Draco and he grabbed a chicken leg and took a bite out of it. She felt odd just grabbing at the food but she reached a hand out and grabbed a scoop-full of vanilla pudding and it splattered onto her plate, Draco looked down at her almost empty plate as she grabbed the spoon next to her plate./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Is that all you're having?" He asked her and she shrugged a shoulder at him,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""I'm not very hungry but I can't say no to pudding." Draco chuckled at this, "It's my favorite. My mum and I make it for the holidays." She explained. Draco grabbed his own spoon and took some of Jade's pudding and placed it in his mouth. She watched for his reaction and he raised his eyebrows and shrugged. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Not bad." He told her and she laughed as he moved his tongue on the roof of his mouth to try and get the texture out of his mouth. Jade looked past Draco at the incoming ghost. He had blood-stained robes on and he didn't speak to anyone. He sat down next to Draco and he turned to look at what Jade had been staring at and then immediately turned back to her. The look of quiet alarm on Draco's face made her giggle but he wasn't laughing. She understood, the ghost was a frightening sight, he had a blank stare and she couldn't help wonder how he got those stains on his robes, or better yet, who he was. She looked past Draco again and hesitated,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Excuse me, sir?" She asked and the ghost slowly turned his head to meet her gaze and a shiver ran up her spine. She noticed the chains he wore around his neck, "Hello." She greeted him but he didn't speak, "What's your name?"/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""They call me the Bloody Baron." She opened her mouth to speak again but the ghost rose from his seat and floated away from them. Draco and Jade exchanged a look,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""He's odd," Draco muttered and Jade nodded, she turned back to her pudding but she pushed her plate away from her. She watched as the food in the middle turned to sweets and candies. Jade looked over the table and saw Pansy talking to the boy who wanted her to sit by him, she looked happier now. She then looked to the end of the table and saw Blaise sitting silently as he finished the food on his plate. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""I'll be back." She told Draco but he didn't notice her leaving as he reached for one of the cupcakes on a platter. She took the seat across the table from Blaise and he glanced up and then back down and then recognized Jade and looked back up at her again. She smiled and a grin broke out on his face. "You did say you wanted Gryffindor or Slytherin." She told him and he nodded,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""I'm not upset with where I am? What about you?" He asked her and she shrugged, /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""I'm not upset. I'm more excited about classes." She smiled, "Learning charms will be fun. What are you most excited about?"/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""What about hexes?" He asked and her smile fell slightly, Blaise's smile grew at this, "I'm kidding. I think Transfiguration will be challenging." Out of the corner of her eye, Jade saw Professor Dumbledore get to his feet again. The hall instantly settled down and eventually fell silent. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you. First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well." A forest? She hadn't seen a forest on the way up, then again it was pretty dark outside when they arrived. "I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors. Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch." Jade loved to watch a good quidditch match, she had no interest in playing herself though. She was already looking forward to attending games. "And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death." Jade smiled and the hall had a few scattered laughs here and there but Dumbledore didn't smile and Jade quickly corrected herself and cleared her throat,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""He's not serious, is he?" she muttered to Blaise and he shrugged his shoulders./span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""I guess," /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" cried Dumbledore. The school song, she had heard Rodrick humming it at home a few times but she couldn't remember it. Dumbledore turned and raised his wand. Jade looked at the other teachers and their smiles seemed a bit forced. "Hogwarts, Hogwarts," Dumbledore started and the words glowed in the air brightly as all of the students sang along with him, Jade tried her best to quietly sing the correct tune. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Hoggy Warty Hogwarts. Teach us something please. Whether we be old and bald or young with scabby knees. Our heads could do with filling with some interesting stuff, for now, they're bare and full of air. Dead flies and bits of fluff, so teach us things worth knowing, bring back what we've forgot just do your best, we'll do the rest, and learn until our brains all rot." Everybody finished the song at different times. Jade glanced at Blaise who was watching her, barely containing his smile. He hadn't been singing the song with the rest of them and Jade frowned. Everyone clapped loudly once everyone finished and Dumbledore smiled at the students. "Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!" The students began rising from their tables and Jade looked around, /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Do you know where we're going?" Jade asked as she came around to Blaise's side,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""First years, follow me." An older boy shouted and she quickly hurried to the boy as he began to leave the Great Hall so she didn't get lost. The older boy took them down to the dungeons and Jade noticed it was colder and she pulled her robe close to her. "The Slytherin Common Room is down here in the dungeon, it's actually partially under the lake." The boy explained and he opened the entrance to the Common Room and then stepped to the side to let the first years in. When Jade stepped into the Common Room she noticed the tint of green in the room, not only were the sofas and armchairs green, but the room itself glowed. There were large windows that showed an underwater view of the lake. The low lighting and the sound of the crackling fire in the fireplace eased Jade into a sleepy state. "Girls' dormitory to the left," He said as he pointed, "Boys' to the right. If anyone tries to sneak into the other it's charmed to ensure that you do not." They waited for more of an explanation but the boy turned to enter the boys' dormitory and it was clear they weren't going to get one. The children started to split to their dormitories and Jade followed the rest of the girls, her exhaustion catching her off guard by how suddenly it came on. The four-poster beds hung with deep emerald green velvet curtains. Jade looked around for her trunk and then claimed the bed as hers. Ezekiel was sitting in his cage on the bedside table and she smiled as she looked him over, someone had fed him and he was pleasantly flapping his wings at the sight of Jade. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Beautiful owl." She heard a voice behind her say and she turned to see Pansy sitting on the bed next to hers. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Thanks." Jade smiled as she sat down on her own bed, /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Strange they didn't send him to the owlery," Pansy told her and Jade looked at him again, She reached over to his cage and opened the door. Ezekiel happily flew onto Jade's shoulder and she giggled as one of his feet pressed a sensitive spot near her neck. She walked towards the window between Jade and Pansy's beds and clicked her tongue twice and extended her arm, Ezekiel traveled down to her wrist where he then sat and peered up at her. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Do you know where the owlery is?" She asked him, she didn't know, she'd be impressed if he had. She extended her arm out of the window. "Go on." She encouraged him, "I'll see you tomorrow." She brought her other hand around and gently scratched the top of his head and he hooted appreciatively. Ezekiel then took off and she watched him soar through the sky until she couldn't see him anymore. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""So, Slytherin." She sighed, turning her attention back to Pansy as she sat down on her bed and swung her feet up so she could lay down, Pansy mimicked her motion and laid down as well, staring at the ceiling of her bed. /span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""Yes, Slytherin. I'm fine with it though," She announced and then turned her head and lowered her voice to a whisper, "I'm happy to be in the same house as you, I think we're going to be good friends." She smiled and Jade gave her tired smile,/span/pp dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1.38; text-indent: 36pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;"span style="font-size: 13.999999999999998pt; font-family: Arial; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;""I'd like that." Pansy then sat up for a short time to let her curtains fall and seclude her in her own space. Jade then closed her own curtains. Today had felt very long, she'd woken up in her own bed and been with her family only to be put on a train with hundreds of other kids and brought here. Jade let her eyes fall closed, she could still hear the murmurs of other girls in the dormitory who hadn't completely settled down yet but the noise and light didn't stop Jade from falling asleep. /spanspan id="docs-internal-guid-0b04f20d-7fff-1d7a-b5e8-e021dd39977f"/span/p
