Ginny sat down at the kitchen table and reached for her now-cold cup of tea from breakfast. She sniffed it, it must have been sitting out for hours, but the milk didn't smell sour just yet. She took a tentative sip. It was horrid. She rested her head on her other hand and took another gulp of the tea. She couldn't find her wand to warm it up. Ginny looked down at her elbow, she had placed it directly on top of some remnants of porridge. Wonderful.Ginny scraped off the sticky mess with her fingers and looked around for something to clean her hands with. Merlin's beard, she hated Honey's day off. "Of course, I can handle the boys on my own, Harry. They're my own children, Harry," she mocked herself aloud. She settled for the edge of the table and grimaced as the porridge sunk into the delicate grooving around trim of the table. "They're 5 and nearly 2, not hardened criminals, Harry. It's the mid-season break, Harry. What else am I going to do, Harry?" Ginny finished her tea in two gulps.It was a week into the Quidditch Spring break, and Ginny was already more tired than she'd ever been in her entire life. It felt like every day was a marathon. She was exhausted before 11 every morning and the boys didn't even nap until 1:30. That is, if she could get Jamie to nap at all.Jamie's muggle primary school was off for two weeks for teacher development, so that meant Ginny had both boys all day, every day. She was so tired; she wanted to cry and scream at the same time. Jamie was becoming increasingly hard to entertain. To make matters worse, efforts to wean Al had disastrously backfired. With Jamie, everything had been so easy. Ginny just asked him one day if he was ready to stop nursing and he agreed. Albus, on the other hand, had only become more dependent on Ginny and easily upset if she wasn't available to comfort him at all times.Finally, Ginny heard the floo whoosh from the sitting room. "DADDY'S HOME!" screamed Jamie from the first-floor landing. Jamie rocketed down the stairs at breakneck speeds and tunneled straight for the fireplace."There's my boy!" exclaimed Harry. He knelt down with open arms to catch Jamie's full speed hug. He lifted him into the air for a great hug and bounced him on his hip. Al tottled up to Harry as well and he managed to get both kids in his arms and precariously walked them to the sofa where he dropped them with a playful roar, as was their usual evening routine.Jamie got tickles under the armpits and raspberries blown on his cheeks. His shrieks of joy pierced Ginny's ears painfully. She rubbed her temples and leaned on the wall just outside the sitting room and watched. Harry lifted Al by the ankles and blew raspberries of his tummy."Daddy! No!" he said seriously. "Down!" he demanded. Harry gently lowered Al so he was again flat on his back.Harry tickled Al's bellybutton and asked "Oooh, is it grumpy?" in his best (possibly his worst) accent. It wasn't from any particular region or country; it was simply ridiculous. The boys adored it."No!" Al shouted, pushing Harry's hand away and kicking a single heel into the sofa."Oooh," gasped Harry incredulously, "Did it miss it's nap today?" he asked seriously. "Mr. Potter, you do remember what happens when one doesn't take his naps, do you not? One becomes too grumpy to play with their father when he gets home from work." Harry raised his eyebrow."No!" protested Al."I promise, I speak only the truth, sir," retorted Harry. "But I do hope Mr. Potter isn't too grumpy to play with…" Harry reached behind his back and into his work bag dramatically. "This!" he cried. Harry triumphantly held up a football and displayed it to Al and Jamie."That's a muggle Quaffle!" Jamie announced, "I've seen them at school!""It's called a football, and if you're going to primary school in England, you'd better know how to play, love," said Harry. "Your teacher told us you said you'd never seen one before.""I haven't! Why is it black and white?" asked Jamie, tracing the seams of the hexagons."No idea, but I'm going to teach you how to play after dinner," Harry told him. He patted Jamie on the bum to get him moving. "Come on, think you can help Al set the table?"Jamie nodded enthusiastically. He said, "Come on, Al! I'll show you how to do the forks!" and took off running to the dining room."Ought to keep them busy to 10 minutes," said Harry. "Hi love, how are you?" asked Harry. Ginny didn't answer but begrudgingly allowed Harry to kiss her on the corner of the mouth. She flexed her jaw in frustration."I don't have anything in the oven, so I don't know what you're expecting to eat," replied Ginny."Oh. That's okay, Gin. I'll whip up something fast. What do you feel like? Pasta? Shepard's Pie? Oh, that mustard chicken thing you made last week. That was brilliant.""I don't care," sighed Ginny. She looked around the sitting room for her wand. Pulling her hands through her hair, she realized one of the boys, Al, must have taken and hidden it somewhere."What did you lose?" asked Harry, helping her pull apart and replace the sofa."I didn't lose anything, Harry! Al's hid my wand somewhere," she said with tired patience. Ginny took a steadying breath; it wasn't Harry's fault his children were feral. Or that she was so tired. Or that the boys didn't listen to her."Okay, I'll put spaghetti on the stove and help you look," said Harry. Ginny ground her teeth again and threw the decorative pillows from the armchair on the floor as she groped around the creases of the cushion. Not there either. But she did find several orange slices that were at least four days old.Of course, Harry was being perfectly pleasant when she was in a terrible mood. He was downright cheery. She was half convinced he did this on purpose – be extra nice to her when she was irritable – just to make himself look like the bigger person. The better spouse; the better parent. Here she was, barely able to handle one week staying home with two kids and Harry just came home from work every day, spends two hours with the boys, and that's somehow the same? Sure, he said he was able to handle them on his own when Ginny went touring for away games. Maybe that was all fabricated too. Just so she felt extra terrible when she couldn't do the same. There's no way Harry was able to handle both of them so smoothly on his own. Ginny hadn't been able to make it through a single day this week without locking herself in the bathroom and crying."Love!" called Harry from the kitchen."Yes, dear?" she quipped. It's not his fault. He just got here."Is this your breakfast?" Harry held up a plate of peanut butter toast with a single bite taken out. "Have you not eaten yet today?" he asked astonished."Between the nappy changes, James climbing the curtains – which is a thing now, by the way, tantrums over nursing, and not one, but TWO fist fights, I just haven't had the chance," Ginny retorted. "Love," she added. Her wand wasn't in the kitchen either. Damn it!Harry raised his eyebrows but didn't say anything. He returned he uneaten toast to the table and tended to the browning beef on the stove. "Okay," he turned on his heel and pointed up the stairs. "Come on," he said gently. "Forget your wand. Before the meat starts to burn."Confused, Ginny followed him up two flights of stairs to their bedroom. Harry handed her a banana and cast a muffling charm over the door. Instantly, the racket Jamie was making over glasses and plates vanished. The tension behind Ginny's eyes lessened a bit, but that only brought her attention to the fact that she did, indeed have a headache.Harry pointed his wand at the tub, which began to fill with steaming, vanilla scented water. "Eat this," he instructed. "I'll bring proper food once it's finished. Take a bath or a nap, maybe read a book or whatever. I'll get the kids fed and ready for bed. Just take a few hours off before they drive you mad. I can tell you're at your wit's end.""Al's going to want to nurse before bed," sighed Ginny. She shoved half the banana in her mouth and was surprised at how hungry she was. "And," she said through a full mouth, "Jamie needs to work on his spelling and reading still.""I'll bring Al in here if he asks. But I still think you need to sit down, at least," said Harry. Ginny nodded and peeled off her dirty clothes and sank into the bath. Harry kissed her temple and ran back to dinner, which was definitely starting to burn.By the time Ginny was ready to get out of the tub, Harry reappeared with a plate of spaghetti and a glass of ice water. "Heathens!" he hissed. Harry closed the door behind him and handed Ginny her dinner. "Since when did they start hating each other? I've been home not 20 minutes and they're already both in time out." Harry put his hand on the doorknob again. Al was too little for time out – but she didn't have the energy to argue that right now."About a minute after you left for work," replied Ginny. She sat on the edge of the bed, dressed in only her dressing gown and took a large mouthful of the warm pasta. It wasn't Harry's best work, but she was too hungry to taste much of anything. "They've been naughty all day. It's like they could sense that my patience was running out and turned into…""Heathens?" supplied Harry. Ginny nodded in agreement. "Let's drop them off at your mum's tomorrow and have a lie in," said Harry."I wish," mumbled Ginny."Well at least I'll be home all day tomorrow. We can take them in shifts," said Harry and he left once again.It didn't take long for Ginny to get bored. She was too tired to read or write, and too worked up to sleep. She did, however, find her wand in her handbag. She must have not removed it from last night and forgot with the chaos of the day. Ginny absently flipped through and old copy of Quidditch Quarterly. She stopped short at a photograph of England's 2008 national team. She watched herself give the camera an effortless glance and a cocky sneer.That picture took seven attempts to get right. Ginny was quite the media sensation that year. It was the height of her career. She made the national team after leading the Harpies to their first Championship title in over a decade the previous season. She was the first woman on the national team to also keep her spot in the league – which would have been a big enough deal on its own, but she was also heavily pregnant with Al by the time the World Cup rolled around.England tried to replace her and sue her for breach of contract just two weeks before qualifiers for being too pregnant to compete. However, Ginny was able to not only win her court case but managed to keep her spot after demanding another blind try out. She was undeniably one of the best chasers in all of England and managed to place third in the tournament, losing to Italy but crushing Bulgaria in the semi-finals.How was that only two years ago? It seemed like only yesterday she could be 8 months pregnant and stomping up and down dozens of flights of stairs and barely get winded. Now, she could hardly keep up with two kids. Ginny tossed the magazine across the room towards the bin and massaged her temples. And Harry wanted more. She didn't know if she could do it. Maybe her boys were enough. Some days they even felt like too much.Ginny heard the Harry laughing from the back garden. She sat in the built-in reading nook under the windowsill and opened it even wider."Kick it! Kick the ball, Jamie," encouraged Harry. Jamie tried to pick it up with his hands and throw it at the goal, "No, no with your feet! Watch Al!" Harry lifted a small orange bundle of fluffy outerwear by the arm pits and held him over the football.Al tried to kick the ball, but his boots and snow pants must have been too heavy, because Harry had to end up using him like a makeshift croquet mallet. Ginny snorted to herself."Me next! Me next!" cried Jamie. Ginny smugly waited for Harry to hurt his back from using the kids as life sized foosball pieces. After Jamie's second go round, Harry placed his hand on the small of his back and grimaced. Ginny rolled her eyes from her cozy perch - Harry was nearly 30 but refused to accept his aging body. She quickly grabbed her own coat and headed for the back door.Harry was surprised to see Ginny jogging to the centre of the garden. His cheeks and the tip of his nose were turning pink in the early Spring chill. He smiled brightly and kicked the football in Ginny's direction. She clumsily fumbled and caught it between her feet – she'd never played muggle football either. She returned Harry's pass and was alarmed when the ball rose in the air and flew past Al – only a few inches from his face – with much more force than she'd intended."ermph," grunted Harry as he lunged for the ball to prevent it from smashing into the back fence. "Try with the inside of your foot, higher on the ball," instructed Harry. He demonstrated with a soft, slow pass to Jamie. "Jamie, pass to Mum. No – with your feet, you nut!" Jamie kicked the ball and it curved several feet to Ginny's left. "Good job! You're getting it!" called Harry excitedly.Ginny tried again, kicking the way Harry had and it landed right at Harry's feet – again with more force than she intended but at least she didn't nearly decapitate one of her kids. Harry was trying to get Al's attention, but he was preoccupied with a stick and a bit of mud he found poking through the slush. Ginny sighed, he was going to be terribly upset when he got cold mud on his hands or face.The Potters played in the garden until Harry and Ginny turned their backs to Al for a moment and he lost one of his mittens and his fingers were starting to turn cold and pale. However, it was inconsequential, as the sun was starting to set anyway."Come on! It's Daddy's turn for baths tonight!" said Harry. He lifted Jamie to the top of his shoulders and Ginny took Al's hand. Harry ducked low entering the house so as to not hit Jamie's head on the doorframe. Al fussed and protested his whole way into the tub and Jamie managed to avoid the tub until Ginny all but picked him up and threw him into the toilet. "I got it, have a glass of wine or something," said Harry.Ginny didn't need to be told twice. She grabbed a bottle of her favourite red and sat down on the cleanest part of the cleanest sofa in the sitting room. She lifted her wand to tidy some of the mess surrounding her, but it felt too heavy in her hand and she wasn't sure she had the energy to put away even one toy. Ginny instead popped the cork and poured some wine into a sippy cup that she was pretty sure only had water in it before.Ginny took a sip of the wine and immediately spat it back into the cup. "Ugh!" she gasped and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. She summoned a clean wine glass from the kitchen and poured a small amount of wine into it and took a cautious sniff. It smelled just fine. Ginny inspected the bottle. It was the same kind they always bought. She tried again in the clean glass. It tasted like vinegar that had been left to fester and made her stomach heave and her whole body queasy.Beyond frustrated with her day, she felt tears well up behind her eyes for the second time today, which only frustrated her further. It seemed irrational – really, even though the boys were horrible today, they really weren't that much more energetic than normal. If Jamie wasn't climbing the curtains or fighting with Al for attention, he was finding some other way to get into trouble. And Al has always been a needy baby. She glanced at the wine bottle and another wave a nausea rose up from her stomach and, for just a moment, Ginny worried she would be sick right on the couch.Slowly. Cautiously. Ginny picked up the glass of wine again and headed to the toilet where Harry was bathing the boys. She opened the door to see Harry had rolled up his trousers and was sitting on the edge of the tub washing Al's hair while he played with one of his cousin's baby dolls."Try this," demanded Ginny. She thrust the glass of wine in Harry's face. He balked and reached with a sudded hand."It tastes fine to me… What did you do to it?" asked Harry. He tried to pass it back to Ginny, but she didn't reach for it. Harry, confused, placed the glass tentatively on the side of the tub – Al instantly reached for it and pulled it into the tub. Harry pursed his lips and Al shrieked in laughter while Harry tried to fish the fragile glass from the bubbly water."Nothing. I'm going to the shop. I'll be back in a bit," said Ginny and she turned on her heel and went to grab her handbag."Shops are all closed! It's almost 8!" Harry called after her. She looked at her watch – he was right. Ginny turned on her heel again and raced down the stairs to the fireplace, leaving her handbag where it was."Back soon!""Where are you going?!"Ginny landed on her feet, having done this floo trip a million times before. She stepped into the sitting room on the Burrow. The room was dark, and she didn't hear any noise coming from the kitchen."MUM?!" shouted Ginny. "Mum! I need you!" she called into the darkness. With a graceful arc of her wand, the sitting room was illuminated by dim orange light. She heard shuffling from the first-floor landing."Ginny? Is that you?" her mother's familiar voice called down the stairs."How many other daughters do you have?" snapped Ginny. Molly's head poked around the corner of the staircase. She had just finished knotting her threadbare dressing gown."Calm down, what's the matter?" Molly placed a gentle hand on Ginny's back and led her into the kitchen. Ginny sat down in her regular place at the table and Molly jabbed her wand at the kettle."Ginny?" she heard Dad call from the landing. "Is that you?""Not you Dad!" she called back."Ginny –" chastised Molly."Alrighty, then! You girls have fun!" Arthur called back cheerily. Ginny watched as he hastily retreated back to the master bedroom."I don't want tea," said Ginny calmly. She took a breath, "I need Magdalena's Mixture – I don't have any at home." Molly raised her eyebrows and asked,"You're pregnant?"Ginny sighed through her nose, "I don't know, Mum. That's why I need the Mixture!" she snapped."Well now, don't go getting snippy with me just because you've gone and got yourself in a pinch," said Molly. "I think I have some – ""I didn't get here by myself, Mum!" Ginny nearly shouted. Molly pointed vaguely to the staircase."upstairs under the bathroom sink."Ginny returned almost as quickly as she vanished, holding an old vial of clear liquid in her palm. The label was yellowed and faded. The glass had started to cloud from its years in the humid bathroom. Molly has already set up a small black cauldron in the fireplace. She held up a glass stirring rod when she heard Ginny thumping down the stairs. Ginny snatched it from her hand without looking at Molly and strode angrily into the sitting room. Molly sat and sipped her tea while she waited.With trembling hands and her mind racing, Ginny poured the Mixture into the cauldron. It took several flicks of her wand to light the fire in the hearth. She yanked out several strands of her own hair from the root and toss them into the cauldron. She stirred with the glass stirring rod, counting under her breath. Another wipe of her wand to kill the flames, a couple more taps to cool the now milky white Mixture to room temperature.A silent hand reach from behind her shoulder. Out of the corner of her eye she could see her mother smugly handing her a drinking glass. Ginny filled the glass with a generous amount of the Mixture. The perfumey smell of oranges made her gag when she thought of the old orange slices that she'd found in the armchair earlier. Molly smirked. Ginny glared as if daring her to say something."I thought you were still nursing?" asked Molly.Ginny didn't answer, she took in a mouthful of Magdalena's Mixture and her eyes fluttered closed. "Well?" she heard Molly ask. Ginny took in another mouthful. It tasted overwhelmingly of rosehip, jasmine, peach, and cherry. The sheer sweetness of the Mixture made Ginny's mouth prickle and salivate."I'm going to kill him," she announced. Ginny pulled the cauldron from the fireplace with one hand and cradled the glass by the top in the other. She yanked on the old cauldron hook, but it refused to budge from the fireplace."Ginny be sensible. This is a good thing!" cheered Molly."No, Mum it isn't!" Ginny had to set the glass down and yanked on the hook apparatus with both hands. It still was unyielding. "I can barely handle the two that I do have. I'm too tired; too busy for another one!" Ginny felt heat rise in her throat and her eyes start to burn. The ash she was kicking up wasn't helping her keep her tears in check either. "Some of us aren't built for seven kids," she chocked out. Angrily, she wiped tears from her cheeks. Ginny had never felt so betrayed by her own body, or so out of control over what was happening to her."Ginny…" Molly tried to soothe."I told him I wasn't ready yet. He did this on purpose!" she cried. Ginny stepped on the hinges of the hook with the back of her heel. In her haste to leave the house, she didn't even put on shoes."Ginevra!" said Molly sharply. Ginny, startled, snapped her attention from the infuriating hook in the fireplace. "You and I both know that is not true. And to accuse Harry of such a thing is barbaric and unfair." Molly place her hands on her hips, "sit down, have a cup of tea with me and calm down.""I don't want tea!" cried Ginny as threw her hands up. She sighed, "I don't want tea. I just – I just want my husband," she said determinedly. Molly nodded and waved her wand at the hook which neatly folded itself up and placed itself in the cauldron. Ginny picked up her glass and placed her palm firmly over the top to prevent any of it from spilling on her journey home."It's been a bit sticky these last few years," said Molly gently. She kissed Ginny on the cheek. "Everything is going to be just fine. You'll see," promised Molly.Ginny's sitting room was not how she left it. Confused, she looked around and checked her watch. Honey wasn't due back until late this evening - yet the place was spotless. All the toys and books were out of sight, the small handprints had been removed from the glass on the French doors that lead to the back garden. The mysterious stain on the couch was even gone.The kitchen was more of the same, bits of macaroni were being swept up by the old straw broom and the dishes were doing themselves over the sink. She'd only been gone 20 minutes, surely Harry hadn't had the time to do all of this."Harry?" she called up the stairs. She saw his smiling face pop out of Al's room. He placed a finger to his lips to quiet her and waved Ginny to him. When she reached the top of the stairs, she saw Harry standing against the doorframe looking into the dark room.Ginny couldn't help but smile at the sight. Jamie was flat on his back in Al's bed, mouth agape, right arm hanging off the bed. Al was curled up beside him using Jamie's belly as a pillow and wearing a children's book at a hat. They were both dead asleep. Ginny leaned against Harry's chest and he curled his arms around her and gently whispered in her ear, "I had Jamie start reading a bed-time story while I set the kitchen straight. I came back 10 minutes later to this."Ginny turned and frantically patted Harry's chest with the back of her hand. She was still coving the Mixture with both hands. "Camera," she whispered. Harry grinned and held up his hand."Got it," he winked. "Where did you go – What is this?" he pointed at the glass Ginny was still holding. Ginny gestured down the hall and Harry followed her march to their bedroom."Sit." she demanded.That's not what I think it is, is it?" asked Harry cautiously. He sat tentatively at the edge of the bed. Ginny uncovered the top of the glass with her hand and the pungent smell of oranges filled the room. Ginny gagged again, this time feeling bile rise in her throat. "NO!" breathed Harry, eyes wide in both shock and fear."Drink it.""Noooo… No, you're joking," Harry rose to his feet abruptly. "You must be joking," he insisted. Ginny thrust the glass into his hand, crossed her arms, and leaned back on one foot."Drink that and tell me if it's funny.""What, did you also poison it?" laughed Harry uncomfortably. Ginny stared at him, unblinking. The uneasy smile faded from Harry's lips and he cautiously took in the smallest amount of Mixture he could."You... Are. Pregnant!" stammered Harry. Ginny watched him breathe out a steady breath from his mouth. Ginny nodded. "Is that peach?!" asked Harry, his voice rising an octave. He took another, larger sip. "Ahhh, and cherry. Good. Two - Two fruits!" he announced. "You are very pregnant," said Harry, enunciating his words.Ginny covered her eyes with her hand and her shoulders started to shake with silent sobs. "No, no, Love! Don't cry," soothed Harry. "Listen. I'm happy, I am. I'm just shocked, that's all," said Harry. He sat down on the bed, gently taking Ginny's hands in his own and looked into her eyes. "Just with how long the last one took – I just… I… didn't expect… You've not been sick, or… I am happy.""I'm not!" cried Ginny, "I can't do it. There's too many of them and they're awful!""I'll quit my job," said Harry. Ginny sat beside Harry and he turned his body to face her. "I'll take parental leave and the four of us could follow you around for away games.""Two kids under three! Oh, Merlin!" Ginny ran her hair through her fingers. "You can't quit, you're head of the department.""We'll sell Grimauld place and hire an army of nannies," promised Harry. His face was starting to brighten. "One for each kid, and one for us. I think it's our turn to have someone bring us snacks and wipe our arses." Ginny laughed, "I'm serious," Harry told her, "We can make this work. I – I – I don't know how," he stammered, "but we can make it work. I'm sure of it.""I've been so tired," sniffed Ginny.Harry kissed her knuckles, "I did notice that, at least," he laughed. "How are you –" Harry took another taste of the Mixture, just to be sure. Harry placed a hand on Ginny's abdomen. "How are you this pregnant? What is peach and cherry? Like 5… 5 months?!""I think well into the second quarter… 16… 17 weeks?" guess Ginny. Harry did the maths in his head."Four months? No! That can't be right. Give me your belly!" laughed Harry. Ginny laughed with him and leaned back on one hand, raising her shirt. Harry rubbed her belly curiously, moving his head from one side of her to the other. "Where are you hiding him? Are you sure that's right?" he asked.Ginny's eyebrows raised, "Shit. Mum's Mixture was ancient. Does it go bad?" Ginny frowned and looked down at her stomach. After Al, she still wasn't able to get it to go flat. No matter how hard she worked out, she always curved slightly starting all the way from the bottom of her sternum. This immensely bothered Ginny. She was a professional athlete with abs, for Godric's sake! Visible abs, and she still didn't have a flat tummy! Harry insisted he liked it, to her annoyance. But he was right, her belly was no different now than it was three months ago. Ginny laid back on the bed, knees hanging off the edge. She rubbed her abdomen with both hands – if anything, it was only a bit harder.Harry grimaced, "I don't know. I hope not, I'm already excited, maybe the dates are just off a bit, though," suggested Harry. "Maybe it's twins!" he gasped."No." demanded Ginny."Fine," sighed Harry."You promise you're excited?" asked Ginny. She scooted up to her pillows."I want as many kids as you're willing to give me, Gin," said Harry earnestly, lying on his side next to her. His free hand still on her belly. "Admittedly, it's cutting it a little close if we both want to keep our jobs – but frankly, I like my kids better than I like work.""Seriously, though!" insisted Harry, "Where are you hiding him?! You're too ripped - he can't get out! He's stuck, Gin!" cried Harry with false alarm. Harry nudged his way down to Ginny's belly "Hello?!" he called into her bellybutton and pressed an ear to her abdomen. "Hello, Baby Potter? Don't panic! I'll have your Mum stop doing sit ups! Remain calm!"Ginny was laughing so hard it became difficult to breathe. She grabbed a pillow from behind her head and threw it at Harry. "Stop it, you absolute nutter!"Harry army crawled back to his place by Ginny's head. "What? You like when I talk to the baby," teased Harry.Ginny grabbed his face between her palms and squeezed slightly and said sincerely, "You know, you are the only person in the world who can take me from a near nervous breakdown to laughing in a matter of minutes."Harry kissed her palm lightly. He rested his head on Ginny's chest and shrugged. Ginny closed her eyes and ran her fingers though Harry's hair. She saw the lights flicker off from under her closed eyelids. "You do the same for me," mumbled Harry. "We'll make this work Gin, you'll see. I won't let you get worn down and miserable," promised Harry.Ginny was nearly asleep when she heard Al's cry from his room down the hall. She sighed and went to get him before Harry stopped her. "I'll get him," he said. Harry rubbed her belly before pulling himself out of bed. "I'll see if I can't get him to settle without your boob." Ginny nodded and snuggled under the covers, stripping her clothes in the process."Get some sleep, Mama. You earned it."
