SicknessRemus"We'll give you ten galleons if you can touch the tree."I liked to think that those words were the cause of my upset stomach and lack of appetite, but the upcoming full moon had rendered me queasy and shaky since I'd gone to bed last night – long before Fabian and Gideon Prewett approached James and Sirius at breakfast with that senseless dare. I'd only been at Hogwarts a little over two weeks, but that was more than enough time for me to learn that the Prewett twins had a reputation for mischief. Stories of their pranks had been circulating around the school since day one. I should've figured that they'd be drawn to my friends soon enough.Standing barely out of range of the Whomping Willow's looming branches, I felt like my body was made of paper. James, Sirius, Peter, and the Prewetts lingered nearby. The lanky sixth-years were at least a foot taller than us, and their fiery red hair stood out like beacons against the cloudy gray sky. Their cool, smug expressions rivaled the ones that James and Sirius wore so often. If Gideon wasn't the only one wearing a Gryffindor scarf, I wouldn't have been able to tell them apart."We just have to touch the trunk?" James checked, frowning at the motionless branches."Yup," Fabian confirmed. "You think you can do it?"James straightened. "Of course. It's just a dumb tree. It can't be that dangerous."As he spoke, a goldfinch flew over our heads. A wiry limb snapped like a whip the instant it came too close. The poor bird shrieked and swerved away from the tree, narrowly escaping with its life."This is a bad idea," Peter mumbled.I agreed - for more reasons than one - but I knew that nothing I said would discourage my friends from trying to impress the Prewetts. Even disregarding the fact that the twins were popular upper-year Gryffindors, James and Sirius practically idolized them for turning the Slytherin common room into a swimming pool last week. (Filch had been cleaning up the water for hours.) "They're just toying with you because you're first years," I'd warned them at breakfast. "They don't think you can do it."James had looked unbothered. "Then we'll just have to prove them wrong," he'd said happily.Now he seemed to be having second thoughts."Well? Those ten Galleons aren't going to win themselves," Gideon prodded. His tone became wheedling. "Unless…"Fabian put on a look of disbelief. "Don't tell me you're scared?"We're doomed, I thought bleakly as James and Sirius put on identical defiant scowls."I'm going first," Sirius insisted. Before James could argue, he stalked a few steps closer to the tree, only to backtrack when a skinny branch took a swing. He paused, considering the trunk with narrowed eyes. Then he broke into a sprint.I watched, petrified, as the enraged tree spurred to life. With every swing the tree took, Peter gasped and squeaked next to me. Sirius managed to duck under the first branch, which tried to behead him. He even weaved past the second, sustaining only a few scrapes on his side of his face – but his luck didn't last long. The third limb clubbed him in the midsection and sent him flying. He tumbled to the ground near the edge of the canopy.The willow wasn't done.I yelled a warning as twisted bundle of branches came at Sirius like a sledgehammer. He rolled out of the way just in time. With the hiss of leaves and an explosion of twigs, the branch slammed into the ground a few inches from him. The tree flailed angrily as Sirius scrambled out of range, panting. He hadn't even made it halfway to the trunk, and he was covered in dirt and twigs, but the determination hadn't left his eyes – if anything, it had intensified. With a scheming scowl, he pulled out his wand, but James protested before I could."Oi! Take a breather, mate. It's my turn."Sirius looked a bit disgruntled, but then he bowed to James and made a flourishing gesture to the violent tree. "Get on with it, then." His tone was teasing and sarcastic as usual, but I noticed him wincing as he bent over. I figured that the blow to the stomach had hurt a lot more than he was letting on (and I knew a thing or two about concealing pain).James stared at the tree for another moment. "Just touch the trunk?" He checked again, and the twins rolled their eyes in unison."Unless you're too chicken."James stuck up his chin. He pulled out his wand and pointed it at one of the twigs that had snapped off the tree during Sirius's attempt. "Wingardium Leviosa." The stick rose a few feet off the ground and hovered there. With a look of careful concentration, James flicked his wand toward the willow's trunk, and the floating twig shot like an arrow. My heart nearly stopped when I realized what he was doing. Luckily, his projectile hit the trunk a foot above the knot that would've paralyzed it – a weakness in the tree that only I knew about.Pocketing his wand, James held out his hand and grinned at the twins. "I'll take my ten Galleons now."The redheads glowered at him. "That wasn't the deal!""Sure, it was," James stated boldly. "You never said what to touch the trunk with."For a second, I thought the Prewetts were going to pull out their own wands and give James an example of what two sixth years could do, but then they caught each other's eye and smirked grudgingly. "Alright, smartass. We'll give you five.""That wasn't the deal!""Sure, it was. We never said that each of you would get ten Galleons."James pouted, but when Fabian dropped the five coins into his hand, he grinned up at him with reluctant admiration. "Pleasure doing business with you, gentlemen.""What on Earth are you doing, Potter?"James whirled around at the sound of Lily's voice, absentmindedly running his hand through his hair. (He'd started doing that around her lately.) The familiar redhead was marching toward us with her friends Mary Macdonald and Marlene McKinnon on either side. The suspicious scowl on her face only seemed to make James smile wider – or maybe it was the fact that she wasn't with Severus."Well, that's our cue," Gideon announced. He shoved James's shoulder in a brotherly way, and Fabian mussed his untidy black hair."See you later, kid. Let us know if you figure out how to do the dare without cheating.""Hmph."Lily stopped a few feet from James, frowning over her shoulder as the Prewett twins left. "What are they on about? What 'dare'? If you're messing with that tree…""Worried about me, Evans?"Lily gave him an annoyed look. "Dumbledore said not to go near it!""I haven't gone near it. See?" He gestured to himself. "Still in one piece.""I could see the branches moving on my way here!" Lily argued. "And I couldn't care less about you. You're going to hurt the tree. It's a rare species, you know."James snorted. "I think the tree can take care of itself. Just ask Sirius. He was the one getting up close and personal.""Yeah, I wouldn't worry about the bloody tree," Sirius muttered. His face had gone alarmingly white, and he was trying and failing to keep the pain out of his expression. He was standing slightly hunched.James's eyes widened. "Uh, you don't look so good, mate.""I'm fine," Sirius grumbled unconvincingly. He straightened up and tried to put on a cool face, but it didn't work very well, since he was wincing and gritting his teeth.This time, Lily couldn't keep the concern out of her green eyes. Her two friends shared the sentiment: Mary MacDonald clapped her hands over her mouth, and Marlene McKinnon shot a glare at James. "You're both idiots! He needs to go to the hospital wing!" Marlene took Sirius by the arm despite his objections. "Oh, give it a rest, tough guy," she told him impatiently. "You look like you're about to throw up." Sirius scowled, but he seemed to be in too much pain to argue. He allowed the stubborn auburn-haired girl to guide him back to the castle.As we walked with them, Mary frowned at me. "Remus, you don't look so good either. Did you get hit too?"I shook my head, but even the slight motion made me feel off-balance. A very bewildered Peter caught hold of my arm as I almost tripped over nothing. For about the thousandth time, I cursed my condition. It was still six hours until moonrise, but I already felt like an intruder in my own body, awkward and shaky. "I'm fine," I insisted, but the others had turned their attention to me too now."Yeah, now that you mention it, you've been kind of peaky since this morning," Peter realized."You haven't been talking much today, either," James remarked in concern. "And you didn't eat much at breakfast.""It's probably just a bug," I said quickly, wishing they weren't so observant.James frowned. "You should have Madam Pomfrey check on you too. We're going there anyway."I suddenly realized I was missing my chance. What better excuse was there for my condition than the actual symptoms? True, I couldn't use that excuse too frequently, and I would have to learn to hide it better if I didn't want to be too obvious, but since this was only the first time…"Alright," I conceded, "but Sirius is getting checked first. I don't even want to know how many of his ribs are broken.""How many do I have?" Sirius asked, and I thanked Merlin that the others focused on him again."Twelve pairs, I think. So twenty-four," Mary answered."I'd say at least eight of them are broken," Sirius said like he was betting on a Quidditch match.James raised his eyebrows. "From one hit? I doubt it. It's probably four, max.""I'm saying two," Peter chimed in.The girls seemed to find the betting distasteful, but judging by Sirius's smile, it was distracting him from the pain. "I'll bet six," I added, and Sirius chuckled. Then he inhaled through his teeth and grimaced. "Sorry," I said quickly. He waved his hand at me like it didn't matter.When we finally reached the castle doors at Sirius's hindered pace, James announced, "Well, ladies, I think we'll be alright from here. We can find the hospital wing on our own."Lily glowered at him. "Is that code for: 'I don't want you to tell Madam Pomfrey how this really happened'?"James shrugged. "I'll make up something whether you're there or not. It would just be a lot easier without you."Lily put her hands on her hips, and Marlene chuckled. "Really, Potter? Two of your three friends weren't feeling well without you realizing, and you expect us to trust you to take care of them?"James looked a little offended. "I realize that now! Besides, Peter's here, and he's fine. We'll manage."Lily didn't seem convinced, but Marlene allowed James to take her place at Sirius's arm. "Try not to kill him on the way there," she advised, and James pouted at her.One challenging staircase and a few long corridors later, Sirius and I were being confined to hospital cots by a flustered Madam Pomfrey, who had apparently been treating a lot of broken bones lately. "That blasted tree," she cursed under her breath as she tended to Sirius, one of the many students who had "accidentally strayed too close" to the willow.I couldn't help but feel guilty about that. Dumbledore may have come up with a plan to keep me from being a danger to other students once a month, but at what cost? A tree that was also a danger? I just hoped all this excitement about the new addition to the grounds would wear off, before something happened that Madam Pomfrey couldn't fix...Judging by the speed at which she healed Sirius, though, that wasn't likely. (He'd turned out to have four broken ribs and one bruised one, which he counted as four and a half, despite James insisting that his own guess had been right.) When the nurse moved on to me, she hesitated as if remembering something. Then she smiled kindly, and I recognized the pity in her eyes. It wasn't exactly pleasant, but it was better than the alternatives. She proceeded to diagnose me like any other patient, which I was immensely grateful for – even though it was all for show.Since Madam Pomfrey would be the one tending to me after (and presumably right before) my transformations every month, Dumbledore had made her aware of my condition and his plans for me. I'd met her when the headmaster had invited my family to visit Hogwarts before the semester began, and she seemed like a lovely person and all, but I'd been worried that her familiarity with me might give away my secret. Apparently, though, she could be subtle. I felt a bit of tension leave me as she asked me to describe my symptoms and took my temperature.One less variable to worry about. Only a million more to go…"You should stay here and rest for a while, dear," the nurse announced once she was done with my check-up. I nodded, eagerly snatching up the excuse, but James seemed bewildered."You can fix Sirius's ribs in five minutes, but you can't make Remus less dizzy?"The nurse raised her eyebrows at him. "Mending broken bones is simple. It's more difficult to fix something that isn't evident. I can't just wave my wand and get rid of any ailment. With enough rest, though, it's likely that Mr. Lupin will recover on his own."James still seemed like he wanted to argue. "Does he have to rest here?""Yes, so I can keep an eye on him," Madam Pomfrey responded sternly, casting me a meaningful look. I got the message."I'll be fine," I backed her up, not bothering to cover up the shakiness of my voice. "I might just sleep here if I'm not feeling better by tonight."James looked even more scandalized at that idea. "But..."Madam Pomfrey wasn't having it. She shooed the three of them out of the hospital wing before James could start an uprising. "We'll bring you your books, then," he told me in a defeated voice as she steered him through the doorway. "For the Potions essay that's due tomorrow."I winced at the reminder. "Right. Thanks."The door of the hospital wing shut with a snap, squeezing my heart a little. I hated having to lie to my friends, but I knew it was for the best. They would probably hate me if they knew the truth. I told myself to get used to the guilt – this was only the first of many nights I would have to keep a secret from them.Madam Pomfrey turned to me with a sympathetic smile that only made me feel worse. "I'm sure we can get professor Slughorn to give you an extension for that essay, dear."I nodded silently. One late essay was the least of my worries.

SuspicionJamesI woke up at the crack of dawn to a thump and a muffled gasp. Usually, that wouldn't have bothered me – I'd become a pretty heavy sleeper, after living with Peter's snoring for most of a school year – but the noises had come from right next to my bed. Groggily, I sat up and peeked through the curtains. As I'd suspected, I saw Remus's outline in the hazy morning light, carefully opening the curtains around his bed. He sat and propped one leg up so he could examine his foot."You alright?"I almost felt guilty when he flinched. My eyes had adjusted enough to see his surprise turn into apprehension. "Yeah. Just kicked the bedpost. Sorry. I didn't mean to wake you."I know you didn't, I thought. It wouldn't have been the first time I'd went to sleep without Remus in the room and woken up to find him sprawled on his bed in a heap. He'd been disappearing at odd times and showing up in the middle of the night about once a month since the beginning of the school year. I wouldn't have given it as much thought if he weren't usually such an open and timely person. Of course, true to form, he always had an excuse: he'd stayed up late doing homework in the library, or he'd had insomnia and gone for a walk, or – most recently – he'd taken a trip home to visit his sick mother. What's the story this time? I wanted to ask him, but I bit it back.Leave him alone, James. If it's important, he'd tell you.It was no good. No matter how many times I rehearsed that line, I still felt just as frustrated. After the incident with Sirius in the beginning of the year, I was reluctant to demand details about my friends' personal lives for fear of coming off as...well, the concerned and fiercely loyal person that I was. I liked to think that I knew my three mates well enough now, anyway, since we'd been practically inseparable for six months.Still, I couldn't help but think that this was different than Sirius's case. I'd hardly known Sirius back then, and I'd mostly been questioning his character. As for Remus, I had no doubt that he was a good person – he was easily the nicest of the four of us, even a bit of a pushover sometimes. But that knowledge only made his secretive behavior more unsettling. Every month, he reminded me of that paradox, whether he meant to or not – and every month, it became more difficult to bite my tongue.Remus's eyes were scouring mine nervously, like he could sense my discomfort. "Sorry," he whispered again, looking away. It felt like he was apologizing for something else this time.I tried to keep my tone casual. "How's your mum?""The usual," he replied with a shrug, still not meeting my eyes. He looked like he was in pain. Even in the dim light, I could see the sickly hue of his skin, the dark circles under his eyes, and the stiffness of his posture, but I knew better than to comment on all that. Based on experience, he'd either play dumb or dismiss it as exhaustion. Sometimes he did both."Floo powder again?" I asked. He nodded, wincing. He'd once told me (as an excuse for looking like he'd gotten hit by a semi once a month) that traveling by Floo powder made him horribly dizzy. I tried to sound sympathetic. "You ought to start making those trips by broom.""Yeah. Maybe next time."Next time. I fought to keep my face neutral. I liked to think I was a good actor, but hiding my annoyance wasn't my strong suit.Unfortunately for me, Remus's strong suit was reading people. He forced a weary smile and shut down the conversation before I could say anything else. "I'm going to get some rest. Sorry again for waking you.""Yeah. G'night..."I closed my curtains and lied down again, knowing fully well I wouldn't be going back to sleep.I didn't realize how much Remus's unexplained late-night endeavors had been worrying me until a few hours later in History of Magic class. My secretive friend looked no less drained than before as he slept soundly with his head on his notebook, not even trying to stay awake during one of Binns's notoriously dull lectures. Compared to the rest of the students, he wasn't out of place: pretty much everyone in the back half of the classroom had given up as well. Sirius had somehow dozed off while supporting his head with his hand, like he'd blinked for a little too long. Peter was much less subtle, snoring loudly and drooling on his desk. None of that mattered to Binns, though; he droned on like clockwork, oblivious to his audience (or lack thereof). I figured the git who'd thought to schedule a first-year history class taught by a monotone ghost on a Monday morning must have been a sociopath.I thought of myself as a pretty good student, but even I usually spent this period taking a nap. This time, though, I was too worried to be tired. Remus was the only one of us who consistently managed to stay awake and take notes in this class. The fact that he'd accepted defeat about ten minutes in and was now sleeping like death on a fresh page of half-hearted scribbles was unnerving for several reasons. First, that was extremely unusual for him. Second, he actually looked like he could be dead. And finally, none of us were taking notes.I sighed and pulled out my parchment and quill. At least I can change one of those things...Remus's strange behavior carried on for the rest of the day. He zoned out in Astronomy and almost tripped down the stairs on the way from tower. He hardly said a word at lunch, but he ate plenty. He seemed annoyed when Sirius and I got into one of our usual long and heated debates, this time about the best way to kill a dragon.He even lost his patience while were working on our Transfiguration essays in the common room that evening. I was reading through Sirius's paper when a sharp sigh distracted me. Remus seemed miffed as he scratched another adjustment into Peter's sheet of parchment. Then he blurted in exasperation, "How did you manage to spell 'transfiguration' four different ways? For Merlin's sake, Peter, it's in the title of the textbook!"Sirius's barking laugh cut the air, and Peter's face turned pink. Any amusement I had was wiped away as I watched Remus deflate. "Sorry," he mumured. "That was rude."Sirius shrugged, still grinning. "I thought it was pretty funny."Peter pouted at him. "Give me a break, will you?""Right, my bad, Pete. That word's too long for you.""I can spell plenty of long words!""Oh, really? Like that one you kept screwing up in the last Potions essay? What was it again? 'Precise'?""'Incise'," I corrected him.Sirius grinned again as Peter's face reddened. "I guess five letters is the limit, then. Good thing your name is short.""Leave him alone," Remus interjected wearily.Sirius's smile melted into an annoyed look. "You started it."Remus pinched the bridge of his nose – something he (rarely) did when he was frustrated. "Yes, well, I'm stopping it too.""Are you feeling alright, Rem?" I tried, unable to hide the note of suspicion in my voice.He met my eyes for a half-second, and I saw his fear – and then nothing at all. I could practically see his walls going up. "I'm fine," he answered shortly. Then he closed his eyes and took a breath. "Actually, I could use some rest." He traded essays with Peter again and started to gather his books. "I'm going to call it a night.""But I wasn't done proofreading yours," Peter protested."That's alright," he said with forced lightness. "I'll look at it tomorrow before class. Good night." With that, he escaped up the stairs to the dormitories.For a long moment, I watched the stone stairs, brooding on how that interaction might have gone differently. Peter was the first to shrug off the tension. He resumed working on his essay, mumbling to himself and chewing on the end of his feather quill. With great effort, I pulled my gaze back to Sirius's paper, but my thoughts were still on Remus.I'd been rereading the same sentence over and over when an irritated "hmph" gave me an excuse to look up. Sirius was wearing an ugly scowl, twirling his quill between his fingers as he glared at my paper. I really hoped that wasn't a reaction to my writing. After a moment, he asked bluntly, "How many times are we going to let him do that?"Peter flinched and stared nervously at Sirius with beady brown eyes. His discomfort only seemed to fuel Sirius's frustration. "I mean, really, it's getting a bit ridiculous, don't you think?" He went on, looking to us for support. "He can hardly walk, focus, or hold a conversation – and for what? Hell, he changes the subject or runs away every time we bring it up! What's he doing at night that's so damn important? What's draining him so much?""He said his mother was sick," Peter answered timidly."Oh, come off it," Sirius snapped. "That's absolute rubbish, and you know it, Pete, or you're thicker than you look.""Try telling Remus it's rubbish," I muttered. "I'm sure he'd take it well."Sirius slapped my essay onto the table. "That's another thing I don't get! What's wrong with you?" I gave him a questioning look over his paper. His gray eyes were burning into mine like they could see right through me - and they probably could. I ignored the knot in my gut and maintained his gaze as he said fiercely, "He's lying to us! You know he's lying, James. He's been for months! Why doesn't that bother you?"Sirius knew me too well. I took a deep breath, trying not to let his emotions bring out my own. "Remus wouldn't lie to us without a good reason."Understandably, he didn't like that answer. "He shouldn't have to lie to us at all," he growled. "We're supposed to be his friends!"The emotional dam in my mind started to crack, making my head heavy. I sighed and dropped Sirius's essay onto the table in defeat. "Yeah, well, the last time I called out a friend for being secretive, it didn't go so well.""That's why you're letting this slide?" He blurted, stunned. "That's completely different! Why would I dump all my family drama on you when we just met? And anyway, didn't we agree that it would've been a lot easier if I'd just told you in the first place? Isn't that what solved the problem?""The howler from you mum kind of told us," Peter pointed out quietly, and Sirius shot him a glare."Whatever." When he turned back to me, some of the fire had left his eyes, but his even tone was just as determined. "Listen, James, I'm actually glad you were a pushy git. I mean, I would've told you eventually, and you were overly aggressive about it, but you had the right idea. Once I got it off my chest, it was easier to ignore. Remus has been hiding something from us since we met – something that obviously screws with his sleep, his mood, his appetite, and Merlin-knows-what-else. Maybe we can't solve whatever is wrong, but don't you think we should at least try to help? Even if we can't get the truth out of him, we can save him the trouble of inventing all those excuses."I pondered it for a moment. A sense of resolve had already begun to loosen the knot of tension in my chest. "Alright," I decided, "but we need a good argument. He's not going to give us any information if we just ask him about it. That's gotten us nowhere so far."Sirius caught on instantly. "You're saying we accuse him of something?"My stomach turned, but I set my face like stone. "That's exactly what I'm saying. Remus is an awful liar. If we give him something to confirm or deny, we'll be able to tell if we're right."Sirius nodded in appreciation. "That's brilliant."Peter squirmed in his armchair. "Don't you think he'll get mad at us?""I'd rather risk him getting mad at us than let him keep sneaking around," Sirius replied firmly.For a few seconds, Peter seemed unsure. Then he took a breath, put down his essay, grabbed a roll of parchment from his bag, and tore off a strip. He dipped his quill in ink and looked up expectantly. Blankly, Sirius and I returned his gaze. "What are you gonna do, write him an angry letter?" Sirius asked sarcastically.Flustered, he stammered, "Well, I was thinking if we start writing down stuff we've noticed – you know, like weird things he's said, patterns in the way he's been acting, and all that – we might be able to figure out what's going on with him."I shrugged, secretly impressed by the idea. "I guess that could work." I started naming Remus's odd behaviors, with Sirius jumping in to add details and Peter acting as our scribe. Once we'd developed a cluster of talking points, we all brainstormed over them, but any ideas we came up with were either too simple or too ridiculous to make sense."We need more information," Sirius said stubbornly."What about dates?" I suggested. "He does this about once a month, right? Maybe he's on some kind of monthly schedule." Peter snickered, and I chucked a pillow at him. "I'm not saying he's a girl, you twat."Sirius had gone strangely silent. Without explanation, he stood and walked over to the window to peer out of it. He seemed shaken, like he was afraid to breathe."What is it?" I demanded. "Did you think of something?"It took him a moment to respond. "Yeah...but...I dunno. I don't think...I mean..." He shook his head like he was overwhelmed.I'd never seen him so speechless. His unease seemed to permeate the room. "Quit being dramatic and spit it out, mate.""The last time Remus went missing," he said slowly, "we had an Astronomy assignment due the next day, right? We went to the towers to use the telescopes, and he never showed.""Yeah, I remember. He handed in that assignment a day early."Sirius furrowed his eyebrows at the floor. His gray eyes were shifting around like he was doing some deep thinking. He opened his mouth and then closed it again, making a wry face. He sighed and did the same thing again, until I finally blurted, "Sirius, come off it. The suspense is killing me."Sirius scanned the room and then glanced at the exits, like he was making sure we were alone. At last, he met my eyes and explained somberly, "It was a full moon that night. Last night, too."I froze as those charged words washed over me. At once, I understood why he'd been so hesitant. The two of us had a silent exchange, comparing data with our eyes. Peter chuckled nervously. "So what?""Have we ever seen Remus on the night of a full moon?" I questioned.The three of us were silent for a long moment. Now Peter seemed to be catching on. He bit his lip. "You don't think he's...? No. It has to be a coincidence. They wouldn't let a monster into Hogwarts, right?"A feverish energy seemed to consume Sirius. His eyes darted around again, and he mouthed something and jabbed vaguely at the air like he was pinning a note to a corkboard. "Hang on. Let me see that list." He rushed back to our study table, and the three of us poured over what we'd written. My heart raced a little as I scanned the page. I reread it twice just to convince myself that it was real. Everything seemed so clear now. "This has to be it," Sirius mumbled. "It has to be."I nodded slowly, but some part of me was still having trouble believing it. When I said it aloud, it felt like my voice was coming from a stranger's mouth: "Remus is a werewolf."Peter reeled back like he'd been physically struck. "But...but he can't be! Werewolves are horrible and vicious and cruel and—and—""Once a month," I interjected, fascinated. "The rest of the time, they're like a regular person. How else could he hide it from us for so long?"Peter shook his head frantically, like he could pretend this conversation never happened if he denied it with enough vigor. He tried to say something, but all that came out was a whimper."Think about it," Sirius reasoned doggedly, holding up a finger for every point he made: "He goes missing every month like clockwork. His appetite is nonexistent the day before. He's exhausted and can't focus the day after. He's said a bunch of times that he has insomnia.""This could also apply to someone who's worried about their sick mother," I pointed out.Sirius scowled. "And he only visits her on the full moon?""I'm not saying you're wrong," I assured. "But this is a serious accusation. We need to check the lunar calendar for the other days he was missing. We need more proof."Peter seemed to find his voice – barely. "Aren't most werewolves older? Can you be born a werewolf?"I frowned pensively. It suddenly occurred to me how little I knew about werewolves. I supposed I'd never considered that information to be valuable to me. But if one of my best friends is one..."He could've been bitten when he was little," Sirius said, clearly disturbed by the idea. Peter whimpered again, and he barked, "Shut it, would you? Remus isn't going to hurt us.""He might," I said in a matter-of-fact tone. Peter stifled a whine, and Sirius looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language. "On a full moon, I mean," I amended. "I don't think he'd recognize us at all. If he could control it around us, he would have no reason to leave every month."My statement seemed to freeze the air in the room. Peter rubbed his arms. "So, w-what do we do?"I straightened up and summoned some confidence. "We can't jump to conclusions until we have more proof, and we can't mention this to anyone – including Remus. For now, we'll pay closer attention to things we might have missed, and we'll try to figure out where he goes every month. In the meantime, I'll go to the library and do some research on werewolves.""Me too," Sirius said at once."We can all go," Peter piped up."No," I argued. "We can't let Remus find out what we're doing. If all three of us deliberately go to the library without him, it'll look suspicious.""We'll take turns, then," Sirius proposed. "We can't bring any books back to the room, or he might see them, so we'll have to do all our reading in the library. One or two of us can slip away every now and then.""Do we have to do this in secret?" Peter murmured. "It feels wrong...""Is it wrong to lie to a liar when you're trying to find out the truth?" Sirius asked cleverly.Peter scrunched up his face. "Well...I guess not.""Then it's settled," I decided. "We're going to figure this out – whether Remus wants us to or not."

ResearchSiriusThe rest of the school year went by faster than any of us could have predicted. It was late March when we'd vowed to study up on our "furry little problem", so we only had a little over a month to confirm our suspicion if we wanted to confront Remus before the summer. Observing his behaviors more carefully didn't teach us anything we didn't already know, and we were reluctant to try to wheedle information out of him for fear that he might pick up on our plan and do something stupid – like get angry at us or avoid us.The library wasn't much help either. All the information about werewolves was either a few basic pages in Defense Against the Dark Arts textbooks or in the restricted section of the library, which wasn't open to the public. However, if there was one thing my parents had taught me, it was that rules could be worked around. Thanks to James's invisibility cloak, the three of us were able to sneak into the restricted section at night and read for a few hours – but those study sessions were usually more discouraging than helpful. Weeks of combing through historic reports of werewolf attacks, descriptions of werewolves in their transformed state, and strategies for fighting werewolves had given us ample advice on how to escape from, trap, or kill Remus, but not to diagnose or help him. Still, the library was massive, and we were determined to exhaust every possibility, even if we had to explore the endless stacks ourselves, creeping around in the ungodly hours of the morning.Once a week, we would meet up in the common room late at night to discuss our progress, and James would stubbornly remind us that we needed more than the existence of a pattern to validate our theory. At that point, I would stubbornly remind him that we'd checked the lunar calendar three times over, and Remus's pattern was difficult to attribute to anything else. James still insisted we needed more proof before accusing Remus of something so outrageous. We decided that the only way to know for sure was to use the invisibility cloak to tail Remus when he left on the night of a full moon – so we marked the date of the next one in late April, and we waited. In the meantime, we made a habit of sneaking off to the library around ten hours a week between the three of us, squeezing in time for homework and studying wherever we could.Our secret research project became a lot less sustainable as the April full moon and final exams approached. At last, after many long and relatively fruitless nights, the full moon was two nights away – and our final History of Magic exam was in the morning, one day before. The four of us were sprawled out in our usual spot in the common room – the same place we'd deliberately meet without Remus. (I tried not to think about that when he was here.)After an hour of pouring over Remus's impeccably organized notes (minus that one page from last month), I felt my attention slipping. It wasn't because of the sleep-inducing background noise: the steadily crackling fire and the weary murmurs of other cramming students. It wasn't even because of the material I was reading; I found the Rise of Grindelwald to be one of the more interesting pieces of wizarding history. For the third time in the past minute, I glanced up from the paragraph I'd been skimming to watch Remus, who was combing diligently over his own page of notes. His brown eyes held a steady flame of determination, but he looked more physically exhausted than any eleven-year-old should have been – and the full moon was still two nights away. I felt annoyed on his behalf. Why did it have to happen during exams?Taking a deep breath, I put down my page and announced, "Oi, James, you want to see if Filch left his office unlocked?"James looked at me like he was gauging my sincerity. Then his lips split into that devilish grin that I'd grown rather fond of. "Sure, I could use a break."Remus and Peter stared at us – first in disbelief, then in a mix of distress and (in Remus's case) exasperation. (He always got irritable around his "sick days.") "Do you really think that's a good idea?" He asked in a flat tone, like he doubted it made a difference. I wondered when he was going to get tired of asking that.I gave him a confident smile. "We won't get caught. The Potters are looking out for us." I glanced at James for affirmation, and he proudly patted his school bag, where he stored the invisibility cloak that he'd inherited from his dad.Remus opened his mouth to argue and hesitated. He pursed his lips at us for a second, like he was wondering whether it was worth the energy. Then he sighed and shook his head. "Good luck, then, I suppose."As the two of us climbed through the portrait hole, I murmured to James, "You remember that book we saw when we were leaving a couple days ago?""I figured that's what this was about." We slipped into a deserted corridor, and he draped the cloak over us. "You know, we could check Filch's office on the way." I quirked an eyebrow at him, and he shrugged. "I know it was just an excuse, but it's not a bad idea. Maybe we could nick something better than enchanted mirrors. Imagine all the confiscated stuff he has in there! I doubt he'd even notice if it went missing."I smirked. James and I really did think alike. "Next time, definitely," I promised him.We hushed up as we headed down the Grand Staircase to the library. Sneaking through the endless rows of antique wooden shelves, hidden under an invisibility cloak with my best friend, and guided only by the moonlight seeping through the tall gothic windows, I smiled to myself. This was much better than studying for an exam – even if what awaited us at our destination was, essentially, studying.I kept watch over my shoulder as James unlocked the door to the restricted section of the library. My heart raced as the clunk of the heavy bolt and the whining creak of the hinges split the silence. We slipped through the door and locked it behind us before setting off on our usual path to the group of twenty or so shelves labelled "Dark Creatures". It was considerably darker in this portion of the library, so we had to light our wands. The invisibility cloak was rendered pointless if our glowing disembodied wands were sticking out of it, so James tucked it back into his bag once we were far enough from the door. He let the cloak leak out a bit for easy access; that strategy had saved us in a few close calls with Filch, who patrolled this place at night."I's...I's...ah, here we go! Identifying..." James whispered to himself as he traced his finger along a row of dusty books. He did a double-take. "Identifying the Mating Cries of Undersea Species?""Probably makes screeching noises when you open it," I muttered."I reckon you're right. Remember that one that burst into flames?""Here!" I snatched the correct book: a burgundy tome about as thick as my fist, titled Identifying, Understanding, and Evading the Werewolves Living Among Us."That 'evading' bit should be useful," James joked dryly.I scowled. "It's better than Why Lycanthropes Don't Deserve to Live."He mirrored my annoyance. "What a load of rubbish. Clearly that idiot hasn't met Remus."Before we could escape to read the book in the regular library rather than lingering here, a shadow passed over us. Silhouetted against the nearest moonlit window was none other than the headmaster of Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore. His wand light gave his gray hair and beard a blue tint. "Good evening, Mr. Potter. Mr. Black."I liked to think that James and I were immune to shame, at least when it came to stirring up trouble. But the moment Dumbledore said his name, my brave friend looked like he wanted to curl in on himself. I couldn't blame him – I didn't even want to think of how much trouble we were in. My heart thumped frantically against my ribcage. Dumbledore had been expecting us. Why else would he show up here exactly when we did? Did he know how many times we'd done this already? Were we about to be expelled at the end of our first year?Then my stomach squirmed for a different reason. Did he hear what we said about Remus...?The headmaster's tone was light, but his pale eyes gleamed intently at us. "May I ask what brings you two to this section of the library?""We're just doing some extracurricular research, sir," James answered vaguely, shifting his feet."On Dark creatures?" Dumbledore questioned. "Certainly, you don't need to worry about such topics at your age, and with your exams coming up." At our uneasy silence, he approached me and reached out his hand. "May I?"Defeated, I surrendered the scarlet book to him. He paused to consider the title, and something flickered in his eyes. Then he smiled serenely at us again, and I wondered if I'd imagined it. "Ah, excellent choice. One of the few books about lycanthropy that doesn't involve combat. I've been meaning to reread this. I'll keep this in my office, shall I?"Disappointment churned in my stomach. "Are we getting expelled?" I blurted.Dumbledore put on a thoughtful frown, but the look in his eyes confused me. He almost seemed amused. "For this offense, I think a detention will suffice." He pulled out an intricate gold pocket watch and examined its many hands and symbols. "Let's see. I believe the night after tomorrow would be appropriate."I didn't think I could feel any sicker than when I'd first seen Dumbledore, but I was wrong. The full moon night."No!" James protested, and Dumbledore quirked an eyebrow at him. "Uh, it's just that we have a Transfiguration exam the morning after that, sir," he explained hastily, which was true."That's quite alright," Dumbledore assured. "You're welcome to bring your materials to study. I'll be waiting for you in my office at six o'clock." His eyes gleamed at our dismay. "At any rate, this will give you all summer to expand on your extracurricular research.""Dumbledore knows!" James was ranting as we trudged back to the common room. He seemed torn between amazement and frustration. "Did you see the lunar cycles on his watch? He's stopping us from following Remus on purpose!""Is that proof enough for you?" I asked pointedly.James made a wry face. "You know, maybe he's right."After a month of listening to James stubbornly contest our theory, that took me by surprise. "Really?""Yeah. About the summer, I mean."I blinked at him, lost. Then I recognized that brooding look on his face, and a fresh wave of frustration crashed over me. "You want us to put this off until second year? We were supposed to confront him by the end of the week!""I know, I know! Just hear me out," he contended, his hazel eyes unwavering. "I'm pretty sure now that we're right, but we still have no idea how to help him. Most of the books we found were rubbish. But my parents have a library at home, and my dad's an Auror, so he might know something about it. You said your family had a library too, right? It's at least worth exploring."I winced. My family's library likely housed some even darker books than what we'd read so far; I stayed far away from that place for that reason. But if it's to help Remus..."Besides," James went on, "if we bring this up to him right before school ends, we're giving him the perfect excuse to avoid us. He already goes M.I.A. for one night a month; I don't want to risk not hearing from him for the entire summer. But if we can spend that time learning some useful information, we'll be on his case next year at the first chance we have. Then he'll have nowhere to run."I met James's determined gaze with a scowl. I had to admit, his logic made sense, but I was still exasperated with all this suspense and secretiveness. Patience was not my strong suit. "Fine," I concluded reluctantly. "I reckon we have a summer research project on our hands."Ironically, that research project turned out to be one of the best things about my summer, since it gave me an excuse to think about something other than my unbearable household.When I stepped onto the train to leave Hogwarts, I was reeling inside. The prospect of going back to live with my parents left me torn between yelling, throwing up, and (pathetically) shutting my eyes and pretending I could wake up from this nightmare. I already considered Hogwarts as more of my home than the house I grew up in. I would've stayed year-round if they would've let me.My mates did their best to distract me. We started the ride by playing some raucous games of Exploding Snap. When that failed to keep my attention, we reminisced on the highlights of the year – like when we'd discovered the hidden entrance to the kitchens and the house elves had made us a personal feast, or when James and I had broken into the Slytherin common room (invisibly of course) and put Sticking Charms on random pillows, chairs, and doorknobs.As the Hogwarts Express pulled into Kings Cross Station, the unease began to chew at my stomach again. The others noticed my uncharacteristic silence and overcompensated for it. James made flippant jokes and promised to smuggle me off to his house whenever I wanted (which was always), and Remus and Peter assured me that we would keep in touch. "We'll be back before you know it," Remus said encouragingly, but his eyes reflected my sadness.I managed to smile at their efforts, but I couldn't help but think they were being too optimistic. I wouldn't have been surprised if my parents decided to ground me for the entire summer just because I wasn't in Slytherin. I supposed my friends' misguided optimism was my fault; they only knew the half of it. Upon coming to school, I'd realized it was unusual for parents to hex their children, lock them up for days at a time, or strictly govern who they could be friends with. I figured there was no use describing the extent of the abuse to the others; I knew it wouldn't stop anything. It would've only made them worry about me, and I didn't want them thinking I couldn't handle it.That didn't make it any easier to go back, though.My parents were surprising civil – at least at first. My old man even shook hands with James's dad at the station (though it looked like they were trying to crush each other's fingers). As we left King's Cross, my mother's tone was even stiffer than usual as she asked the typical parent questions: how I liked my classes, if I had a lot of friends, if I was behaving myself. (She didn't mention anything about my House.) I kept my answers short and simple, omitting certain bits of information to keep the peace. I'd promised James that I'd use their library to study up on Remus; I couldn't afford to get grounded on my first night back.The questions continued over dinner that night – only with snide remarks slipped in here and there. Each time, I deliberately bit my tongue or shoved food in my mouth to give myself a few seconds to reign in my emotions. Meanwhile, Regulus watched us go back and forth like the world's most awkward tennis match, no doubt taking notes on how not to piss off our parents."You haven't made friends with any Slytherins?" My mother went on. Her forced polite tone couldn't hide her displeasure. I could feel her dark, soulless eyes boring into my skull as I watched my plate."Nope," I said simply."The Rosier family has a boy in your year, and the Avery boy is your age too, I believe. Have you met them?"Oh, I've met them. My fist almost met their face a load of times. "They're not really my type, Mother."She made a soft noise of disapproval, and her civil tone slipped. "You know, you don't need to lower your standards because of your House. Slytherin or not, I would've thought a boy of your upbringing would've rather been associated with other pure-bloods."There it is.I took another bite of the elaborate meal Kreacher had made for us to "celebrate" my return from school, but it tasted like dirt to me. I wondered how Mum would react if I told her that one of my best mates was a werewolf. A hint of amusement mixed with my irritation. I tried to focus on that feeling, but her shrill, haughty voice was becoming harder and harder to tune out."...that Potter boy," she was saying, "he's a pure-blood, isn't he?""He is," my father answered for me. "His father is an Auror."Most people would've been impressed by that fact. My parents weren't most people. "Hmph. That fits with the rumors," Mum said disappointedly. "They're blood-traitors – Muggle sympathizers, I've heard. Perhaps their boy is different, though, if he was drawn to Sirius..."I almost snorted, remembering how James had been so wary of me when we first met. I cleared my throat and took a slow drink to cover up the slip-up.Mum seemed not to notice. "What about those other boys you were with? What were their names?"I chewed my food for a long moment, pondering if there was any merit to lying. I decided it didn't matter much: I wasn't planning on ditching my friends any time soon, and she would find out eventually. I reckoned it was best to get it over with now. With great effort, I swallowed and answered, "Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew.""Lupin..." Mum frowned. "I know that name.""There was a Lyall Lupin at Hogwarts during my time there," Father filled in disinterestedly. "A bit queer. Thought he was better suited for Ravenclaw, but he ended up in Gryffindor. I suppose that false sense of heroism got to him too. I heard he married a Muggle girl."I tightened my grip on my fork, forcing myself to look anywhere but at my parents' faces. I wasn't sure what grated me more: my father talking about Remus's parents like they were insignificant pests, his insult toward Gryffindors, or his use of the word too.Mum made a derisive noise. "My son has been hanging around with a half-breed?"I stiffened with rage. The fact that my mother used 'half-breed' as a term for a witch or wizard with Muggle blood, like Muggles were some kind of animals, was wrong on so many levels. She had just as good as called Remus a disgusting freak of nature - which would've hit him a bit closer to home than the average person. "They're called half-bloods," I corrected her, unable to hold it in, "and I've been hanging around with two of them, actually. Peter's mum's a Muggleborn."She scowled. "How lovely. I suppose you're making friends with Mudbloods too?"I thought of Lily Evans, a so-called Mudblood and the brightest witch in our year. We weren't exactly friends, but I still felt angry for her sake. Holding back a growl, I stabbed at my food."That blasted school," she went on venomously. "How dare they teach that sort to practice magic! It should be a crime. If it weren't a family tradition to go to Hogwarts, we would've had you homeschooled."For a half-second, I forgot my anger as my breath caught in my throat. The very thought of being trapped in this house year-round for the rest of my young life was suffocating."Your pure-blood friend," Mum mentioned again. "James, was it? You seem close to him."The hot rage rushed back. I already knew where this was going. I gritted my teeth and mutilated an innocent potato. Don't say it, don't say it..."Surely he knows some pure-blood boys who would be more suitable than those other two. Even Gryffindors would—""I hate to break it to you, Mum, but none of my friends give a shit," I snapped loudly.A brief silence settled like snow in the air.I looked up from my plate to avoid burning a hole in it; my potatoes had started smoldering. Father was giving me that dangerous glare, and Mum looked like she wished she could smack me from across the table. Regulus just stared at me in anticipation. He looked worried – for his sake, I figured.My mother's tone was cold as ice. "They may be letting you run wild at school, but such nonsense will not be tolerated in this house. How many times must you be punished for cursing and speaking out of turn? I had hoped your professors would've taught you more respect."I respect my professors, not crazy old hags, I wanted to yell. I clenched my fists and breathed deeply through my nose. Just ignore them for a little longer. Do it for Remus."Of course, I should've known the Hogwarts administration would be too soft to discipline students properly, with Albus Dumbledore and all his preaching about treating Mudbloods and Muggles as equals. I wouldn't be surprised if that bumbling fool started letting trolls and werewolves into Hogwarts. Now, when Phineas was headmaster..."I couldn't do it.Her rant was cut short by the groan of my chair legs against the hardwood floor. "Lost my appetite," I growled as I marched out of the kitchen. Mum shouted after me, ordering me to come back and sit down until dinner was finished. The thumping of my pulse in my ears made it easy to ignore her. She eventually went silent.As I stomped up the stairs to my bedroom, my heart was pounding. I fully intended to destroy something to vent – maybe those stupid decorative pillows on my bed – but I paused in the hallway at a door I usually avoided. My frustration ebbed as my train of thought shifted. I glanced back at the stairs. I reckoned I had about fifteen minutes until they were finished with dinner.Might be now or never, at this rate.With a tense sigh, I slipped into the library. The ornate space was at least four times the size of my bedroom (which was pretty large), and it was lined with dark mahogany bookshelves. Like the rest of the house, it was painted in muted shades of green and gray and loaded with the stuffy Victorian embellishments that I'd come to despise. I quickly scanned the shelves for anything that might help Remus's case. Most of the books relating to Dark creatures seemed to be about fighting or manipulating them, but there were a few that sounded more psychologically inclined, like Dissecting the Minds of Half-Breeds. I scowled at that title, but I added it to the pile nonetheless.By the time I'd gathered a sizable stack, I heard the distant clinking and sloshing of dishes washing themselves. I rushed to my bedroom and shoved the books under my bed for later. Then I dug through my trunk for the small silver-lined mirror. (I would come to think of that precious knick-knack as my lifeline for that summer - and all the upcoming summers I spent with my horrible relatives.)"James Potter," I said aloud.I sat on the edge of my bed and waited, praying he would answer. After ten agonizing seconds, my anxious reflection was replaced with a familiar mop of black hair and a pair of mischievous hazel eyes. My best mate grinned at me, and for the briefest moment, the events at dinner seemed insignificant."Brilliant, they still work long distance!"I smiled back, immensely relieved. Then I killed my happy look and rolled my eyes. "Yeah, great, now I get to see your ugly mug. Put the good-looking one back, will you?""Fine, I'll leave," James said innocently.I knew he was just teasing, but I still felt a surge of panic at the thought. I inwardly marveled at how one interaction with my family could make me so desperate for outside contact. "We have to set a usual time to talk," I told him, "that way we'll know when to look at the mirrors. 'After dinner' is too vague.""Every day?" James suggested.The prospect of having something to look forward to every day made my heart ache with longing. I tried to sound nonchalant. "Works for me. 8 o'clock?""8 sounds good," he replied. Then he paused to frown at my expression. "How are things going with your folks?"Horrible. Please get me out of here, I thought, but I held it back. I rubbed my pounding head, trying to think of a less worrying response. All I could come up with was: "Ugh.""That bad, huh?" James's sympathetic smile faded as he considered me intently. "You know, I asked my parents again today. The offer still stands. We have plenty of spare rooms."I was already shaking my head before he finished. "I'll be alright here," I told him, wishing I could believe my own words. Whether it was fear or foolish pride, the last thing I wanted to do was impose on James's family, even if he insisted it was no trouble. I had a nasty feeling my parents wouldn't give up so easily if I left them to live with a family of blood-traitors. If I was going to run away, I at least wanted to be magically skilled enough to defend myself, in case my sweet old Mum decided to chain me up in the basement the instant she found out about my plan.And if I had to spend the rest of my time here convincing my family that they wanted nothing to with me, just so they would let me go without a fight, I was prepared to do that too.A sharp whistle brought me back to reality. "Whew. I thought I'd lost you there."I pulled a face at James. "I'm not a dog.""You might as well be, with that bloody awful attention span."When I didn't smirk, he frowned again. I changed the subject before he could comment. "I went through the library.""Already? You've barely been home a few hours, mate."I was halfway through telling him that I needed the distraction when I heard footsteps down the hall. "Hide," I breathed. His eyes widened in alarm as I placed the mirror face down on my bed – just as my bedroom door opened. Some of the tension left me when I saw it was only Regulus. My brother was essentially a younger, scrawnier, and more obedient version of me. Like the rest of my immediate family, we looked annoyingly similar. We might've been easily mistaken for each other if not for his short hair and that snobby look plastered on his face. From the doorway, his narrowed gray eyes scanned my room like he was searching for something. "Have you ever heard of knocking?" I snapped.If I didn't know better, I would've thought he was deaf. "What are you doing?" He asked in a suspicious tone, completely ignoring me."What does it look like? I'm avoiding the lot of you – or trying to."He blinked like he was surprised, and his eyes finally settled on me. "Why are you avoiding me? I didn't do anything.""Do you agree with Mum?""Of course, but—""Then I'm avoiding you."He frowned and crossed his arms. "You were talking to one of your Hogwarts friends, weren't you?"I scowled to hide my unease. "How would I do that? You think I smuggled him in my school trunk?""I heard voices," he said, "and a whistle.""You should probably get that checked, Reg."Once again, he ignored me. (Evidently, living with me for his whole life had made him numb to my sarcasm.) He pointed to the overturned mirror. "What's that?"I glared at him as my stomach twisted into knots. "Why don't you go kiss the floor that Mum walks on? The hardwood in the kitchen could use some polishing."Regulus's expression morphed into something I wasn't used to seeing on him. Disappointment? Resentment? "You haven't spoken to me in months," he said crossly. "You didn't come home for the holidays. You didn't even have the courtesy to write me back. I wrote you three letters, Sirius – three. And now you're shooing me away like I'm a pest? Some kind of brother you are."I wondered where this was coming from. I was used to Regulus whining and preaching at me, but the emotion behind it seemed different this time – like there was hurt mixed in with the self-righteousness and irritation. Is he trying to tell me he missed me? Well, I reckon I'd miss him too, if I was stuck with Mum and Dad alone for a whole summer. He may be a mindless git, but anyone's company is better than theirs...By the growing discomfort in his eyes, I figured I was onto something. A small and strange emotion stirred in my gut. It wasn't annoyance or defensiveness, and it wasn't guilt either. With a jolt, I recognized it as the same brotherly affection I felt toward James – only instead of a bright, warming blaze, this was a flickering candle. I hadn't felt that toward Regulus in years. I immediately quashed the feeble light, refusing to let myself trust him. My brother was a brainwashed puppet. The second I let something incriminating slip, he'd probably be off to tell Mum."Maybe if you didn't nag me so much, I'd actually want to talk to you."His displeased scowl twitched. He narrowed his eyes again at the flash of silver on my bed, and he lowered his voice. "It's a two-way mirror, isn't it?"The accusation caught me off guard. Regulus smirked at the flash of panic in my eyes. That self-satisfied expression made me want to break his clever little face. The mirror was the only reliable way I could contact James; I was not going to let an arrogant brat take that away from me. I jumped up from my bed and pulled out my wand, but before I could move toward him, he hissed, "I'm not gonna rat you out, you nutter."That unexpected statement got no more than a half-second hesitation. Wearing my best death glare, I got in his face and shut the door behind him so I could threaten him at a proper volume. My wand tip hovered an inch from his lips. "Good, because if you did, I'd hex your mouth shut permanently."The fear in his eyes was both satisfying and reassuring, but he didn't cower or try to run like I'd expected. "There's no need for threats. You aren't even going to ask why I wouldn't tell?""Because you've decided to stop being an insufferable brat?" I guessed in a fake hopeful tone."Because it wouldn't make a difference," he snapped in a know-it-all way. "You'd find a way to talk to your degenerate friends one way or another. Otherwise, you'd blow up the house. So, you can keep your bloody mirror, if that's what it takes to appease you. Merlin knows you'd cause Mum and Dad twice as much trouble now that you have a wand."I stared at him in bewilderment, wondering what had happened to the whiny, brown-nosing snitch who'd screamed for his mummy as I'd chased him around the house. I was starting to think my absence had changed him for the better. "What makes you think I'd give them less trouble if I had the mirror?""Your track record. You go mad when you're holed up by yourself."I frowned. I knew he'd heard all about the disaster with my Obliviated Muggle friends. (It would've been impossible not to hear those screaming matches.) But I was surprised he'd paid close enough attention to pick up on my behavior: how I was better at ignoring my parents when my energy was directed elsewhere. "Have you shared that bit of wisdom with them?" I asked sarcastically."Have you got any friends they'd approve of?"I supposed that was fair enough. "Fine," I griped. "You've figured it out. Will you leave me alone now?"I saw that disappointment cross his face again. Then he put on a bland look and shrugged. "If you insist on avoiding me. I'm just reminding you I exist, you know."As he turned to leave, I felt that odd flicker of affection again – mixed with the tiniest dose of guilt. Stop that, I scolded myself. He's a snobby git who's only looking out for himself. He was just talking to you out of boredom. He doesn't actually care.Once Regulus was gone, I locked my door and dove for the mirror. When James's face reappeared, I let out a breath of relief. His brows were knitted in anticipation. "Is everything alright?""Yeah, I think so. It was just my brother.""He didn't see the mirror?"I hesitated. "He did, but...I don't think he'll say anything. Apparently, he'd rather I entertain myself by talking to you instead of wrecking things here. Guess he figures it's worth lying to Mum if it saves him the trouble of listening to her scream at me. He'll make a great Slytherin."James seemed bewildered. "Oh. The way you described him, I would've thought—""He'd run off and tell on me like a proper son? Me too," I assured. "It seems he's grown a bit of a backbone while I was gone."James smirked. "Maybe you've rubbed off on him. He's your brother, after all."I frowned, thinking of the newspaper articles he liked to pin to his wall about Death Eaters and their various conquests of Muggles – what most would consider crimes. "I doubt it. And you're more of a brother to me than he is."James's hazel eyes glittered. "One of these days it'll be me barging into your room to annoy you."My chest hurt as I returned his smile. I wondered if he knew how badly I longed for that day. I supposed this slightly less obnoxious version of Regulus would do until then. With a sigh of resignation, I pulled one of the books from under my bed. "Well, there's one bright side to being stuck here," I told James, showing him the book. "Maybe the Noble House of Black can teach me something useful after all."
