Hermione sat on a bench in Hogsmeade. A few tears slipped down her cheeks. Draco Malfoy watched from a window in HoneyDukes. It had been years since he saw the bright witch, 15 to be exact. It wasn't like they were friends in school. However, Draco couldn't help wonder what caused the woman to cry.He tapped his son on the shoulder, "I'm going to step outside and talk to an old schoolmate for a moment. Just come and find me when you're done."Scorpius nodded and Draco handed him a couple galleons.As Draco got closer to the witch, he noticed how different she looked. She seemed to have aged, her forehead showing the first sign of a wrinkle and her eyes seemed to tell a new story. The once unstoppable fire that raged had been extinguished. She showed the signs of a war heroine. The pain and the death she'd seen. Her once-proud posture stumped like a person carrying a heavy pack. Her hair was pulled back in a professional manner, one that Mcgonagle often wore. For some reason, the manner of her made him want to hug her and bring back that spirited girl she once was. The girl that never let her hurt show and was always strong. The girl stood by what she believed and fought for it. The girl that didn't hesitate to put him in his place or punch some sense into him. He knew her problems and understood them somewhat. Divorce was never easy, especially with children. However, Draco had received custody of his son, Hermione had lost both of her children due to stupid wizard law.Hermione lifted her head from her hands at the sound of feet approaching."Malfoy," she greeted quietly, "come to throw a jab at me? Sorry, but I'm not in the mood to fight right now."Draco flinched at the well-deserved insult."Actually, I came to see what could be done to help the Gryffindor princess."Hermione sniffed, "No one's called me that since we left school, least of all you, ferret."Draco smiled slightly at the old nickname while sitting down next to her."How are your kids?"Hermione sobbed, alarming Draco. On instinct, Draco wrapped his arm around her. Surprising both parties, Hermione clung to Draco."I wouldn't know. I haven't seen either of them in 5 years."Draco let out a small gasp, Astoria saw Scorpius every weekend."Ron won't let me near them. I just spoke to him, he won't even let me send them Christmas gifts," Hermione continued.Draco wrapped his other arm around Hermione and held her close, rocking back and forth."Excuse me Father for interrupting, I was wondering if I could give Ms. Granger a hug," Scorpius asked.Hermione lifted her head at the sound of his voice, "Who are you?""I'm Scorpius Malfoy. I read the Profit sometimes and figured you could use a hug."Draco opened his mouth to reprimand his son for interrupting them when Hermione unwrapped herself from him and opened her arms to Scorpius."I would love a hug, thank you."Scorpius smiled brightly at the woman, understanding her situation. His father used to be sad a lot right after his divorce. He didn't have many friends. Hermione looked just like Draco did when he needed a hug."I saw your daughter today Ms. Granger. She was very nice to me, and really smart too."Hermione beamed at the prospect of knowing something about her daughter. She squeezed the boy one last time. After she let him go, Scorpius watched as his father pushed a stray lock of hair behind Hermione's ear and wiped a tear from her cheek. An idea formed in his mind."Ms. Granger, would you like to come with me and Father to the Three Broomsticks?"Hermione smiled and her face lit up like a firework. Taking her reaction as a yes, Draco (secretly thanking his son for making Hermione smile) stood and offered Hermione a hand to pull her up. She took the offered hand and used it to pull herself up.4 YEARS LATER"Scorpius! Get down here quick or you'll miss the train," Hermione called to her stepson."Coming Mum!" the young Malfoy answered."Draco," Hermione turned to her husband, "What if he doesn't make friends or the proffers don't like him? What if he gets bullied?"Draco wrapped his concerned wife in his arms, "He'll be fine love."Hermione and Draco started dating one year after they re-met in Hogsmeade and got married a year after that. They had a one-year-old girl and another to be born at the end of the month. Hermione still hadn't seen her children. The prospect of Scorpius being near the same age as her oldest meant she would see her ex-husband and children again. The thought made her nervous. Her anxiety showed itself in excessive worrying about everything."Mum, It'll be ok. I'll write to you every week and tell you everything. I'll try and make friends with Rose if you like."Hermione smiled at her stepson, "You make friends with whoever you want to."The family apparated to platform 9 and ¾ with Scorpius hugging Hermione's waist and Katie secured to Draco's hip. The platform was bustling with couples wishing their children well. It didn't take long for Hermione to spot a red-headed clan. Draco saw them too and led his family towards them, one arm around Hermione's shoulder."Good Morning Mr. Weasley," Draco started.Ron turned and glared, "What do you want, Malfoy?""I personally don't want anything, however, Hermione would like to see her children off the school."Ron's glare turned towards Hermione, "Is that so Ms. Granger?""Actually, it's Malfoy, and yes I would like to see my children.""Looks to me like you've got plenty.""I want to see my kids.""No.""Oh, move aside Ron," a girl's voice interrupted the fighting adults, "I want to see my Mum whether you like it or not."Hermione's gaze fell on her daughter of 11. Her hair was red, though more auburn than the traditional Weasley color."Rose!" Scorpius broke the silence, "I'm your stepbrother now!"Rose smiled and hugged him and then hugged Hermione, "I want you to know, I've always wanted to see you but Ron refused. I don't like him and plan on staying with you over the holiday if you will allow me too."Hermione felt tears in her eyes as she nodded frantically. Scorpius whooped and Ron scowled.The children boarded and the train departed. Hermione left with tears in her eyes and a smile on her face. She couldn't have asked for a better ending to her story.A/N- It's not awesome or anything but hope you found it entertaining. Read and Review please. And check out my other stories.
